but being in the expensive restaurant , surrounded by the movers and shakers of london society , victoria tried to hide her awe for fear of looking like a silly , country girl in front of dharr who seemed completely at home in the environment .
victoria looked out the window , watching the desert country pass by the windows .
it was n't like the stables back home she 'd seen when driving through the country with stones or wood and hay strewn about .
tabitha smiled , her mind instantly forming a romantic scene where he carried her off on his motorcycle to his country cabin and the two of them fell madly in love .
he drove them to a pretty spot in the country , on top of a hill that looked down on the village .
she 'd hated living out in the country with nothing to do , no neighbor for several miles and boredom kicking in from the moment she woke up in the morning until she went to sleep at night .
she 'd tried to get her father to move to the city where painting jobs might be easier to find but both her parents refused , wanting to stay in the country where things were simpler and life was n't as busy .
she 'd hated growing up so far out in the country , being ostracized by the other kids because of her parents ' lack of money .
the man was hosting a huge party at his country house !
he might be out of the country by the time she put everything together .
it was astounding how much space one man needed in his country home .
her hike into the country , hitch - hiking to get into the city , the dangerous , terrifying trip through the gates of the palace and her elation when she 'd finally found her way into what she 'd thought was an unguarded courtyard .
the three of us did as much as possible together , but rachel lived out in the country and she did n't always have a car that could get her into town . ''
and besides , her house was out in the country where a creek ran through her property with lots of woods .
he cringed , thinking about little girls walking along a country road , alone and vulnerable .
she was n't a country girl pining to be a wife ; she was a career girl who did n't intend to have kids for at least another decade .
still , just for one moment she imagined herself standing side by side ethan at the altar of some country church , pledging her love to him .
if she could portray ethan and his friends as a bunch of country bumpkins , so much the better .
she looked womanly , soft , at home in the country - but maybe that was the point .
according to rob , she wanted a country life , a strong man and lots of children .
he welcomed the chore today as a chance to get out into open country and think about his situation .
what did one wear to a country wedding ?
can you imagine what it 'd be like to put a kid on a horse for the first time and lead them out into the country ?
just the thing to let everyone know they are n't dealing with a country bumpkin . ''
` ` the open country helps me sort my thoughts , you know what i mean ? ''
cab peered through the darkness of the country road .
i ' m just a country vet who 's going broke .
she could be the poster child for middle - america - a healthy , happy , well - adjusted country girl .
the dog struck out like lightning across the hard - packed earth of the yard , past the house , past the driveway , and toward the country highway .
maybe only country people line danced ; that did n't mean it was n't fun .
* * * * * evan did n't think anyone could be happier than he was when the country preacher , joe halpern , pronounced them man and wife and he bent to kiss his bride .
this small chapel and country style wedding was a far cry from the society wedding the paparazzi always seemed to expect him to have , but it suited him just fine , as did the fresh , delicious food served at their reception and the local band that began to play as soon as dinner was consumed .
rose could just picture the scene last night on some back country road .
she reached the woods without incident and made sure no one was coming as she pulled off the country road in between the trees .
all was quiet on the country road when she reached it , so she climbed in , got it started and pulled quickly out of her hiding place .
i just do n't like the idea of you being alone on these country roads . ''
outside the night was very still , except for the muffled whoosh now and then of a car passing on the winding country road a quarter mile away .
she drove in a wide loop around dark country roads .
he swung onto the country road that led out toward carl 's place .
north lay a rough , wild country with nothing more than horse and atv trails .
on the south , the country road bordered it all .
he hoped that if the women were n't at carl 's , that they 'd head back into the wild country , away from the road and the armed men .
an awkward arrangement , but one hannah knew would n't put out her country guests one bit .
jake gazed around him in surprise at the large aluminum tins filled with every country delicacy imaginable .
this was chance creek , where country music spilled from every radio , and listening to pop music - while not exactly approved of - was definitely tolerated .
they must be too far down this country road , she thought .
beyond her , the snow - covered fields and forests that lined the icy , back - country road were as black as a montana midnight , even though it was half - past five in the morning .
as she drove down through the dark , silent country highway toward the double - bar - k , mia decided she needed a cup of decaf coffee before she could face her day .
soon they were driving down the dirt lane that led out to the country highway .
a long drive down country roads had n't calmed him .
he held his breath when he started the engine , and let the truck roll down the dirt lane as far as possible in neutral with the headlights off until he felt it was safe to press on the gas and pull out onto the country highway .
the country air is good for you .
` ` elissa , look at me , '' he said , loud enough for her to hear him over the loud country music .
elissa turned on the stereo to the country music station , then put a pot of water on the stove to boil .
i do n't know what i 'll do , but i love this country life . ''
you can tell me about texas and all the silly country things you ' ve been doing for the past month .
` ` to my house in the country .
adam only mentioned that we were going to his country house .
he was n't concerned about her being with his friends at his country house .
the drive to his country house was done in almost complete silence .
adam 's country house was n't what most people would call a house .
adam was turning out to be a completely different man here in the country than he was in new york .
` ` we were members of a country club .
going out of the city , into the country , and chopping down your own tree ?
` ` i could be taking you to a country bar with peanuts on the floor . ''
` ` you better not be taking me to a country bar !
` ` i ' m not taking you to a country bar .
our parents had attended the same country club , and we would end up attending many of the same functions together .
it had been the first time i 'd ever enjoyed being in that awful country club my parents loved so much .
they were out in the country and it was beautiful , with wide open fields and woods that formed a backdrop to the sprawling ranch house .
he talked about his dad , a country and western singer who had moved to michigan with his young wife , where they 'd performed in nightclubs across the city .
` ` you ca n't keep riding motorcycles across the country and racing cars at the track .
` ` i mean , with a boyfriend named buster who seems to have no greater aim in life than to sit around strumming his guitar pretending to be a country and western singer , why would n't you want the spotlight on you ? ''
before long they made another turn , this time onto what looked like a country road at the end of which stood a majestic mansion nestled among huge trees which had begun to sport the colors of autumn - yellows , golds and reds among the green leaves .
` ` you 're going on a cross country trip .
huge windows looked out onto a country garden where flowers , shrubs and stately trees cohabited in a harmony of nature .
on the contrary , decades earlier both their fathers had been members of the same country club .
he 'd seen her a few times at the country club but she 'd been so tiny then , running around the place with an even smaller girl , both of them with their hair in pigtails .
by the time she drove along the gravelly road and parked in front of the country house where she lived with her mother and stepfather it was already almost ten o'clock at night .
` ` oh , shut up , '' reed muttered under his breath as he steered the aston martin down the country road toward golden 's home just outside of north ockendon .
an old english country manor , it was set in the middle of wide open green fields , the rolling hills behind it forming the perfect backdrop for a picture of perfect peace .
it was a beautiful evening , warm with a slight breeze , perfect for a long walk down a country lane .
it was a good thing they were out in the country , in a region remote enough where they could drive along a tiny road and not see anyone .
she could walk to the neighbors and borrow their phone but this was the drawback of living out in the country on what used to be a turnip farm .
when reed finally made it onto the country road leading out to the house the rain - weakened daylight had long passed and the night , with its sky still covered by rain clouds , was dark as pitch .
he 'd gotten so sick of the dreary monotony of the highway that he 'd taken a detour , deciding to try some of the country roads instead .
the thing was , before ryder took to the country roads he 'd known he would sort of be on his own for some parts of the journey .
a young fellow like you , just driving around the country ?
` ` there 's nothing so beautiful as a starry night in texas hill country . ''
` ` my father and i were at the country club and we were arguing .
` ` out in the country where i - we live , it is much easier to drive .
` ` it is such a beautiful country , '' she commented as they left the motorway and started to drive through the village .
but i was going to take sophia with me so she can see some of the country . ''
malcolm reminded caleb of henry walker , his late grandpa - filled with country wisdom and more than willing to speak his mind .
the next morning , when alyssa woke to the sound of caleb warbling an off - key version of a popular country song , she could n't keep from smiling .
` ` considering caleb 's lack of education , making the transition from simple country farm boy to running a financial firm the size of skerritt and crowe was a major challenge .
she was a young , naive country girl and owen swept her off her feet .
` ` that was country music 's bad boy , chet parker .
` ` you ca n't be serious , '' she said , amazed that she had n't recognized the country music superstar .
when zach walked into the kitchen , arielle was already seated at the table with a plate in front of her piled high with mashed potatoes , vegetables and a country - fried steak smothered in milk gravy .
as the man engaged jake in a conversation about becoming a member of the local country club , heather quietly excused herself and started to walk away .
she 'd never imagined herself living anywhere but in the heart of kentucky 's horse - racing country .
` ` everything is in place for the celebration tomorrow and you should relax and enjoy this beautiful country - not just by driving from one meeting to the next . ''
the country music was blaring .
is that loud country music i hear ? ''
life in the country had put a polish on the rough , careless man .
my father 's estate is in the country .
the siding was white , the trim and porch were painted a country blue .
always out of the country ... but now , now i find out she 's home ? ! ''
they flew high above the city for a while and then left the crowded buildings behind and headed into the open country .
the bedroom was beautiful , done in soft shades of pink with the same shabby country style as her own bedroom , but the furnishings were obviously much more expensive .
there was a pretty white one with various white patterned fabrics that looked both country as well as elegant .
nor was there a powerful , sleek car that could race down the country roads at amazing speeds .
she 'd tried calling him a few more times today , but she was too far out in the country so there was n't any cell service in the remote areas she 'd been traveling .
she 'd always wanted to visit the country where the sun shined down on the beautiful coastal towns , escaping the dreary , wet winters of london .
` ` what are you doing way out here in the country ?
he hated coming out to the country where she lived , considering it too ` ` earthy '' .
nope , this was vintage vw bug , the kind that the hippies of the 70s drove around in , packing as many people as they could as they made their way across the country heading for rock concerts and enlightenment .
they were now on a country road where the late afternoon sunshine was dappling through the colorful autumn leaves and dancing through the branches .
zoe followed marco down a long pathway through the trees , enjoying the sounds of the country and laughing as the dogs all chased different balls , retrieving them and bringing them back for another toss .
perhaps a country wide tour would be a good start to their marriage .
he seemed to have very strict rules about dating someone he might run into when he came to his country home for a visit .
the country music was fun and the two step was easy to learn , especially with a great teacher like thomas .
she yelled as the music started up again and he swung her into a country waltz .
` ` nothing if you 're into loud country music and crazy dancing .
you 're an expert at all the country music dances but that does n't mean sal will fit in .
unfortunately , just as suddenly as the vision with sexy legs came into his line of sight , she disappeared behind the perfectly manicured bushes that lined the tennis courts of the exclusive country club .
gus had arrived at his friend 's club early to play golf and , since he was n't a member of this particular country club , he was asked to wait in the lobby .
ed immediately suggested that they play golf the following weekend at his country club and gus took him up on the offer , hoping he 'd have an excuse to get more negotiations done on the los angeles property ed owned .
all of them had witnessed how she had been turned into a local sensation - a private butt of the jokes by their country club associates and their children - when vania coolidge had revealed that at sixteen , their high school 's smartest graduate still talked to herself and her fish .
rising from the chair , she moved to the radio by the window and cut it on , tuning it to her favorite country station .
but he knew it was n't , not by a country mile .
` ` does this mean i get to ravish you at the country inn ? ''
the soft strains of country music played in the background as he came through the back door .
maks romanov had been a cross country olympic silver medalist in his youth and even without that accomplishment sasha had idolized his father .
chapter three music blared , lights danced , and the drinks flowed freely at poor boys , holland springs most popular ( and only ) country music bar .
elise tuned the radio to a country station that had them both humming along .
so the music was loud and country , blasting from a jukebox that was older than sage .
had talked about him as she said , then she knew sage owned a ranch in the high country , and why else would he do that if he did n't love the mountains ?
` ` there are a lot of people in the high country who live so remotely it 's hard to get into town to see a doctor , '' she was saying and he could read the excitement on her face with every word she spoke .
` ` i do n't like the idea of you living in the high country all on your own . ''
music from a local country band had the dance floor crowded and the scent of barbecue tempted everyone there .
` ` i was n't even in the country , '' he reminded her , grinding each word out through gritted teeth .
yes , he 'd been out of the country when simon had his heart attack .
but on narrow country roads , where his only company was the occasional bird sweeping across a brilliantly colored sky , there was too much time to think and no way to escape it .
he worked out at the local gym , did his morning runs down country roads and in general tried to get back into shape for his return to duty .
choose duty to country over duty to family ?
a small ceremony on the edge of a cliff overlooking an ocean at some country club .
she had n't needed her passport so she ruled out any out - of - country destination as their wedding locale , but the united states was a big place .
i ' m exhausted from all the country hopping - but i 'd rather deal with that than with my emotions and where my thoughts lead to .
she surprised me by taking me to her mother 's fundraiser in their country estate in surrey .
` ` only the words to every sad sack country song out there about a man who loses a dog . ''
while he 'd endured yellow flowered wallpaper and the country ' 70s vibe in his place long enough , the frugal side of him balked at the ghastly amount for the renovations .
i breathed a sigh of relief as i pulled left down a country road .
the gps lead us deep into the country , until the roads narrowed so severely that i did n't understand how two cars could fit alongside each other .
we 're in the country . ''
we finally found the bed and breakfast , which was owned by a cheery man with an affinity for country music .
` ` sounds like a country song . ''
lovely country . ''
' do you think for one moment jordan powell would be interested in a country farm girl ?
' she did n't like the country version ? '
her own mother had been quite happy for her to leave with the billionaire , probably seeing him as the ultimate city man who might very well seduce her from country life .
the conference was being held at peppers , a highly reputable country hotel in the hunter river valley .
in fact , there was very little she could do about it , so she turned her head to the view below and watched the city give way to country .
he came out to australia to play polo and your grandfather - well , he 's not really your grandfather as you obviously realise now - invited him to play on his country property near singleton , having built himself a private polo ground and fancying himself quite an accomplished player .
this securely secluded country home provided the privacy tess had wanted for having her baby , and since this was her father 's first grandchild , he 'd readily granted her the occupation of it for a few months while he and his wife were currently winging between the steele family residences in sydney and melbourne , keeping up their social engagements .
it was a country house , wide verandas running all around it , trees providing shade and handy branches for children to climb .
to her right was a country - style round table with six chairs , and behind it a kitchenette , also designed in a country style - varnished wood cupboards and a white sink , no stainless steel visible anywhere .
to her right was a country - style round table with six chairs , and behind it a kitchenette , also designed in a country style - varnished wood cupboards and a white sink , no stainless steel visible anywhere .
although michelle 's five acre property at holgate was n't exactly country , it was big enough to give a sense of real space and freedom while still being located close to the large populated areas of gosford , erina , wamberal and terrigal .
the grass is green , the old gum trees are marvellous , the cottage garden around this country style house is very pretty .
` ` i would n't have stayed on this country property anyway , now that leonard 's gone .
doing it with class , too , looking country - fresh and beautiful in white and green .
no need for a country mistress .
they stopped at kirkton park , a beautiful holiday resort in the middle of vineyard country .
maggie had always been amazed that she could stand on her porch and feel as though she were in the middle of the country , when in reality the city was just a short freeway ride away .
` ` my pride helped me build the ranch into one of the biggest in the country .
for a rich american , he seemed oddly at home in the open country , though for some reason , the man refused to wear stout boots instead of his shiny , no doubt hideously expensive shoes .
he probably saw her as a country bumpkin with her worn jeans and fields full of shaggy sheep .
` ` me on a farm , '' he repeated , already mentally arranging his move to the country , the woman he loved .
are you going to run off to your country club now with lots of fun stories about how you wormed your way into the cookie queen 's bed ? ''
he 'll go up into the high country whenever he feels things closing in on him .
sam would have been surprised to know that jericho had n't gone to the high country at all .
were it not for this tempest you ' ve created , i 'd be in a warm house in the country . ''
i ' ve sent her off to the country in hopes the change of scene will help restore her spirits . ''
the horses were three abreast , moving down a country lane at a walk , with arik riding in the middle and slightly ahead .
chapter one england1816 as their elegant travelling chaise rocked and swayed along the rutted country road , lady anne gilbert leaned her cheek against her husband 's shoulder and heaved a long , impatient sigh .
paul sevarin was tall and handsome , with the easy charm of a wealthy , well - bred country gentleman .
the coach had been climbing steadily , winding gently around green sloping hills splashed with wildflowers , when the french country house of the duke finally came into view .
he rather fancied the idea of a charming country courtship , but how could he manage that with everyone bowing and scraping and cautiously keeping their distance .
and the moment the newspapers discovered he was living in a remote country shire , the conjecture over what he was doing there would create a furor , and the villagers would watch every move he made with fanatical curiosity , particularly when he began to pay attention to whitney .
seven days later , matthew returned to the duke 's country house in france and was shown out onto a wide veranda where westmoreland was seated at an ornamental iron table , working on some papers , his back to the panoramic view .
if his identity was revealed , he would be deprived of the pleasure of pursuing whitney as an ordinary country gentleman , but the legal agreement was already signed , and the money accepted by stone who , from the looks of things , was busily spending as much of it as he could .
chapter ten whitney threw open the windows and inhaled the wonderful fresh country air .
` ` how do you like living in the country , mr .
the sky was bright blue with a fresh breeze that gently ruffled paul 's blond hair as they toured the country roads in paul 's well - sprung carriage , talking and laughing , stopping occasionally to admire a particularly pleasing view of the hilly terrain stretching out on both sides of the road .
at that moment , he could have cheerfully strangled every one of these small - minded country bumpkins who had ever embarrassed her , beginning with her music instructor and ending with her stupid father .
he did n't like most of her neighbors ; they struck him as small - minded , gossipy country bumpkins , and from the moment word had reached them that whitney was returning from france , they had regaled each other - and him - with endless tales of her girlish antics and her youthful pursuit of paul sevarin .
all the scene below lacked to make it appear a full - fledged country fair were a few acrobats in bright silk tunics , and a juggler or two .
she cancelled her european tour , went into seclusion , and- '' ' -and , '' amelia eubank put in frigidly , ` ` she is now spending a fortune renovating a country estate she just purchased .
stroking his goatee , he said thoughtfully , ` ` so st . allermain 's bought a country estate and is spending a fortune renovating it , is she ? ''
trees marched along both sides of the country lane , their branches meeting overhead like lines of partners in a country dance , forming an arch for the carriage which rocked along beneath .
trees marched along both sides of the country lane , their branches meeting overhead like lines of partners in a country dance , forming an arch for the carriage which rocked along beneath .
the chaises swayed gently as they turned from her drive onto the rutted country road , and it occurred to whitney that although the chaise looked , from the outside , like hundreds of similar conveyances , it was much more spacious and luxurious on the inside .
the footman returned a short time later with the information that the duke had gone to his brother 's country home , and would be back in london early the next day - saturday .
she looked for confirmation to her father and said hesitantly , ` ` men from the old country do cry , do n't they , papa ? ''
` ` they stay in the country with their nannies , governesses , and tutors . ''
` ` when we arrived in london two hours ago , there was a note from him announcing his intention to remove to the country .
no matter how much riding she 'd done , she was no rawboned country girl ; she was slender and delicate , without the strength to handle a spirited gallop .
you will need to learn the minuet , country dances , cotillions , and the waltz .
the frenetic activities of the season were finally winding to a close , and they 'd both been looking forward to returning to the peace and serenity of the country for the summer , so clayton was naturally surprised she was evidently planning to entertain .
` ` as noel 's uncle and godfather , it 's stephen 's prerogative to have his country house overrun with parents who 'll stay for a week and expect to be entertained , children 's party or no . ''
now , given all that , can you honestly believe the skeffingtons will decline a personal invitation from the duke of claymore to attend a party at his country seat ? ''
lady skeffington straightened her shoulders and puffed out her ample chest , reminding sheridan of a herald announcing the arrival of the king and queen : ` ` at the country seat of the duke and duchess of claymore ! ''
in lieu of peering out the coach window for her first glimpse of the house , sheridan steadfastly devoted all her thoughts , all her attention , to the boys ' appearance while the skeffington cavalcade proceeded along a winding , treelined drive and across a stone bridge that led up to the duke of claymore 's country seat .
` ` the viscount 's country seat is still some distance from here ; however , he was going to be here at this hour , and he felt this was the most suitable place for you both to discuss the position he wishes to offer . ''
during the years she 'd been at bensonhurst , meredith had managed to see parker fairly often when she was home on vacations - an endeavor that was made easier by the fact that both parker 's family and hers belonged to the glenmoor country club .
protected from interlopers and sight - seers by a tall iron fence and a guard at the gatehouse , the glenmoor country club sprawled across acres of majestic lawns dotted with flowering shrubs and flower beds .
the interior of glenmoor was far less imposing and elegant than some of the newer country clubs around chicago .
in that respect , glenmoor was like most of the other premier country clubs in the nation .
matt had no trouble mastering the gearshift , and a minute later the car glided smoothly out of the country club drive and shot out onto the main road .
matt looked down at the forlorn beauty draped across the bed like a drooping flower , and in his mind he saw her as she 'd been at the country club six weeks ago , filled with laughing mischief and doing her effective damnedest to ensure that he enjoyed himself .
tonight she 'd told him about lisa pontini and how they 'd become friends , and he 'd realized from what she said that meredith was not only at ease in country clubs and mansions , she was also totally at home with the pontini family as well .
the only thing he actually found a little hard to believe was that the sophisticated young heiress he 'd met at the country club , the bewitching blonde who drank champagne cocktails and handled herself with smiling poise , was actually curled up beside him , asleep in his arms , his baby sheltered inside her .
earlier that same day , he 'd seen a picture of meredith in a copy of town and country magazine that someone had left in the cafeteria .
` ` oh , and i may as well warn you that he intends to put you up for membership at the glenmoor country club .
it 's very humiliating , mr . farrell , '' she teased , ` ` to know my date is going to cause more of a sensation tonight than i am ... . '' the mention of the glenmoor country club , where he 'd met meredith that long - ago fourth of july , made matt 's jaw tighten with grim irony , and he hardly heard the rest of what alicia said .
he already held memberships in two country clubs , both of them as exclusive as glenmoor .
she had always gotten along well with people much older than she was , matt remembered , thinking of the night she had taken him under her wing at her country club , and his heart softened yet more .
they all laughed , but she saw the heightened curiosity in their faces , and she hastily busied herself plumping up the sofa pillows as the senator said to her father , ` ` stanton avery has put farrell 's name up for membership at the country club . ''
he had walked into that country club , taken one look at her jaunty smile and glowing eyes , and lost his mind .
his tone suggested he was going to cooperate , and she felt a mixture of relief and shame - shame because she knew why the zoning commission had turned him down , just as she knew why he was going to be denied membership at the glenmoor country club .
i suppose , '' he speculated in a coldly amused voice , ` ` you could continue to cut me dead at boring society functions and your father could have me blackballed at every other country club in chicago . ''
` ` i do n't give a damn about your precious country club .
but you hated him even more because you could n't intimidate him - not that first night at the country club when you had him evicted , and not later , after we were married and i brought him home . ''
all of them were very successful , and all of them belonged to her country club ; they played golf with one another ; they also probably gossiped together .
matt had escorted alicia avery to the opera , and stanton avery had sponsored matt as a prospective member at the glenmoor country club .
the country roads were treacherous , but meredith scarcely noticed .
` ` does this mean , '' he asked with mocking delight , ` ` that i can be a member of that exclusive little country club of yours ? ''
many of them were of relatives in the old country : sweet - faced girls with long hair and bonnets , and handsome , unsmiling men with irish surnames like lanigan , o'malley , and collier .
judging from the variety of names in that album , elizabeth farrell had lots of cousins and aunts and uncles in the old country , meredith thought with a soft smile , wondering wistfully what it would be like to come from a big family .
he could be watching the news right now , or playing cards at the country club , instead of being held prisoner on this floating hotel .
included among them was a story about the time meredith broke her tennis racquet in a doubles tournament she played with him at the country club when she was a teenager ... another about some damned dance given by some ritzy private school where she 'd dropped her necklace ... and yet another about a polo game he 'd recently taken her to .
beyond the veranda , in the lush valley below , the city of ridgemont , pennsylvania , was clearly visible with its winding , tree - lined streets ; manicured park ; quaint shopping area ; and , off to the right , the rolling hills of ridgemont country club .
for a while , he belonged to a motorcycle gang ... riding around the country .
if that happened , she 'd need a top - notch attorney , not some country bumpkin .
` ` there 's a collier bank and trust in houston with branches scattered around the country . ''
` ` justin had asked miss amy price to the christmas dance at the country club and zack had wanted to take her himself .
you were quarreling about who should take amy price to the dance at the country club ... '' she drew a shaky breath and then said , ` ` a few minutes later there was a gunshot , and justin was dead . ''
reporter sidney solomon caught up with bartlett tonight at gleneagles country club . ''
` ` it was the truth , for although patrick seaton had been loved and valued by the grateful country folk whose ills he had treated for many years , his patients had rarely been able to pay him with coin , and he had never pressed them to do so .
each morning at approximately 9 o'clock , northrup the butler opened the massive front door of the marquess of wakefield 's palatial country mansion and was handed a copy of the times by a footman who had brought it from london .
` ` andrew wo n't marry that country mouse , '' she said contemptuously to her maid .
` ` his lordship rarely keeps country hours at wakefield . ''
what possible sport could you have with a staid country bumpkin who will want to lead a peaceful , organized life ?
i told grandmama i wished to do so , but instead of remaining in london , we left the very next day for grandmama 's country house , which is little more than an hour 's ride from the place called wakefield park .
now i am in the country and you are in the city .
` ` you write so seldom , i thought you were still ' rusticating ' in the country . ''
he could well imagine how an innocent young girl , raised in the country , could have been convinced by the wealthiest man in the district that she was going to be his wife .
patting victoria 's hand , she added rather wistfully , ` ` i ' ve decided to retire to the country .
` ` is that why you came here from the country ? ''
if you have any sense , you 'll retire to the country with your ' ailing ' husband for a few weeks until the gossip over the duel dies down . ''
` ` my grandmother 's small country estate .
to him , rosemeade was ` ` a small country home . ''
alexandra nodded , already realizing that having mary ellen come here had been impossibly unfair to the simple country girl .
lady melanie camden , the beautiful young wife of the earl of camden had just returned to london earlier in the week from the country , where she 'd been visiting her sister .
` ` one of her rejected suitors heard that marbly had boasted of his intention to take her to his country seat in wilton instead , and keep her there overnight .
` ` he can be depended upon to make certain hawthorne is informed at the earliest possible moment that you are no longer the naive , unsophisticated country mouse he may think you are .
he 's bent on taking me back to the country , and staying there until the baby comes . ''
` ` an assassin can melt into the streets and alleys of london far easier than he can conceal himself in the country .
` ` in the country , my men will be able to spot an unfamiliar person on the grounds of hawthorne or loitering about the village .
a smile swept across his features as he absently rolled the paperweight between his palms , contemplating the impending , highly satisfactory sojourn in the country with his enticingly pretty - albeit reluctant - wife .
blissfully unaware of olsen , who followed alertly behind her , keeping to the cover of the woods whenever possible , she sent her horse trotting down the country lane .
the image of alexandra clad in filthy rags , living out her life in a dark , rat - infested cell , was almost more than jordan could bear , even now - when he was about to become her target in open country .
when he continued to stare at her , she laid her hand on his arm and explained eagerly , ` ` it 's a combination tournament and country fair - to celebrate the birthday of a duke .
our proximity to hawthorne is suddenly making us quite popular with people who would normally not set foot in the country for weeks yet - they arrived yesterday , determined to have a look at how things were going with you and the duke .
the last invitation was forwarded from ian thornton 's london town house to montmayne , his country estate , where it appeared on his desk among a mountain of business and social correspondence awaiting his attention .
the moat had been filled in centuries before , the castle walls removed , and the house itself enlarged and altered until it now looked like a picturesque , rambling country house that bore little or no resemblance to its original self .
the party took place at the lovely country house belonging to valerie 's older sister , lady charise dumont .
in the country , however , her soirees tend to be , shall we say , somewhat less structured and restricted . ''
and so this country gathering was above reproach .
the thing elizabeth wanted most was to gallop hell - bent down a country lane and leave everything else behind her .
we also believe in god and country , motherhood and the king , and ... and all the proprieties .
when i told her where you 'd gone this weekend , she gave me some startling news about the sorts of goings - on your friend charise permits at her country parties .
` ` we do n't keep country hours .
chapter 10 the country seat of lord john marchman , earl of canford , was a place of such unhampered , unplanned , raw beauty that elizabeth temporarily forgot the purpose of her visit as she stared out the window .
` ` lady cameron , '' he began , ` ` i am a simple country lord without any aspirations to spend the season in london and cut a dash among the ton .
` ` you professed to be somewhat weary of the social whirl and confessed to a longing to be in the country that day - which is why we went to the park .
elizabeth had been gorgeously and expensively dressed when they met ; moreover , the gathering at the country house had been composed almost exclusively of the social elite .
since she was stranded in the country and obviously knew how to load a gun , ian realized good manners required that he at least offer her a little diversion .
` ` she told me that you convinced that innocent girl - who 'd never been away from her country home until a few weeks before meeting you - that she should meet you in a secluded cottage , and later in a greenhouse .
` ` tony has agreed to escort elizabeth tonight , and sally is in accord , '' she said idly , referring to her brother - in - law and his wife , who was still at home in the country .
` ` lady cameron is leaving for the country early in the morning , which will give you all the rest of today and tonight to take whatever measurements you need , '' he continued .
no one but she had realized that the ballroom bore a rather startling resemblance to the gardens at charise dumont 's country house , and that the arbor at the side , with its trellised entrance , was a virtual replica of the place where she and ian had first waltzed that long - ago night .
shortly afterward , they returned to montmayne to spend september in the country , where it was cooler .
` ` i do n't want them to think i ' m some uneducated hick from the country . ''
` ` i had my grandfather 's office at his country estate in mind when i did this room . ''
we belong to the same country club .
while callie and her family might also have favorite spots in the tiny country so popular among the wealthy , they 'd find a topic that mattered to them all , including her .
every single reception facility and country club on her list had a red line through it and some of the places she 'd added had n't been her top choices .
in fact , the kirkland country club , which she 'd just crossed off , had been more like third or fourth tier choice , and even they did n't have anything open until winter .
` ` i even called the kirkland country club . ''
her windows remained open and when he approached the front door he heard the sound of country music .
a pair of sunglasses protected her eyes while country music played in the background .
` ` i 'd rather listen to country myself .
he hated country music but listened to it anyway in the car with her because she liked it .
i ' m staying at an estate in the country . ''
my sperm donor was a famous country music star .
it 's home to all the biggest country stars so places to shop are endless .
no one besides my mother and grandparents know my father is a huge country music star .
there 's a country song called ' do n't go near the water . '
` ` those kinds of bands are doing really well in country right now .
the rascal flatts song is the best choice since it has that crossover country pop sound like southern ophelia .
i know america is where country music stars make it big .
` ` can you comment for country news on how it feels working in the music industry with jake beckett as your father ? ''
` ` they were - they are - but her career really took off and now she 's a big country superstar .
you sound like a sweet little country girl , '' she laughs .
it 's true that i consider myself a country girl but i ' m not sure i like this woman 's tone as she tells me i sound like one .
she looks so innocent when she laughs that way , especially while wearing this little country sweetheart outfit .
30 mrs . porcelli has the week off so this morning , i ' m eating a lovely country breakfast my wife has cooked for me - bacon , biscuits , and gravy made just the way nanna taught her .
all the way out of the country .
as far as the world knew , the man who could buy a small country had no home .
he tailed her to an exclusive country club , followed her inside .
` ` he owns the most profitable industrial machinery company on the east coast and is looking to expand cross country .
` ` what , so i can get beat by some prick named davis whose parents got him lessons at the country club when he was four ?
they were the only breaks in darkness for miles as we rolled through illinois farm country .
not that he minded going out of the country .
good thing he was out of the country .
for an impressionable young woman up from the country used only to meeting the dow old friends of her father or solitary gauchos out on the plains , luis had been like a fairytale figure to her - young , handsome , light - hearted , passionate , and so exciting to be with he 'd turned her escape to rio into the most magical time of her life .
i sounded like a country western song .
` ` we 're lucky to have someone with her obvious sophistication joining our little circle of country bumpkins . ''
she plays tennis every monday and wednesday at the gables country club . ''
` ` so , why the cross country move after undergrad ? ''
` ` but you just flew all the way across country . ''
the tiny voice in the back of her head had questioned her cross country decision daily , but she knew it was the right thing .
now he was n't just back in the country , he was in a limo heading to zohayd 's royal palace , a place he 'd sworn never to tread again .
he flicked her a warning glance as he spotted a particularly dull country club owner coming their way .
i guess i ' m what you 'd call a country doctor up here in new york .
for a guy like cory , a rugged country boy who had once been the star of his small - town high school football team , with black hair , a neat black beard , and a deep throaty voice , coming out of the closet to his family and his small - town friends had n't been easy .
out here in the country , guys like you are a rare commodity : young , athletic , good looking , and a killer body .
ben and percy started giving luis and jase the silent treatment and turning down invitations , which luis thought was their defense mechanism because they felt left out now that jase and luis had a house in the country and a child .
it was a warm night , with all the noisy creaks and chirps and cracks of summertime in the country sounding in the background .
gage knew luis was insinuating that gage was just a country bumpkin from tennessee who 'd taken a bus to new york to check out the tourist attractions .
he was in a country rock band . ''
i 'll be back in the morning with clean towels and plenty of food before i leave for my weekend in the country with jase . ''
gage decided to take it all one step at a time , and the most important thing he had to worry about that weekend was finding out where luis 's and jase 's country house , cider mill farm , was located in pennsylvania and get there before jase and hunter arrived from alaska later that evening .
` ` that 's country western music .
you ca n't leave me locked up in a filthy sex room , with nothing but carbs and country western music .
just the country music alone is enough to drive me insane .
one of those twangy country songs started to play .
` ` i 'll be back on monday , '' gage said , smiling as he listened to the words of the country song .
when they were inside the country kitchen with barn board countertops and a walk - in stone fireplace - also far more conservative than gage would have imagined - cory gave the dog a bowl of water .
a true psychic , if there was such a thing , would have known luis was locked up in a dusty sex cage in a third - floor apartment in brooklyn , eating cake and pasta and listening to the country western countdown that night .
the country western music was still blaring in the background .
do you think i actually listened to that country music station all weekend ?
they 'd just gotten married and were traveling cross country to new orleans in a huge silverstream trailer .
the end chapter one * * * * whenever luis entered lapp 's dutch country market on saturday mornings in the fall , his heart felt lighter and his mind raced with all the wonderful possibilities the world possessed .
the modest setting they 'd created at the country market not far from cider mill farm made him breathe easier and wish he could one day live full time in bucks county - at least part of the year .
though they went out to cider mill farm every weekend , this was the first full week they would actually spent in the country since last year and luis wanted it to be a relaxed time , without any pressure .
though the prices were slightly higher than the local supermarkets , the festive country atmosphere drew a more refined crowd that seemed to crave and appreciate a slower pace .
jase 's big surprise was that luis and jase were going away to a cabin in pennsylvania dutch country for a few days before thanksgiving and they would n't be returning until late wednesday afternoon .
in order to reach this cabin in pennsylvania dutch country from cider mill farm , they had to take smaller highways and back roads instead of interstates .
jase was n't a bad driver on country roads , thanks to his upbringing in alaska .
he 'd done a little research about pennsylvania dutch country and he 'd seen a few places like that on the internet .
he spoke with a country accent , but fast .
they 're a couple of harmless old country boys .
they were just a couple of harmless country boys .
beth anne had to sit way in the back , with the things luis had purchased that day in amish country , and she was n't too thrilled about it .
` ` when i was reading about pennsylvania dutch country on the internet , when jase first told me we were coming here , i checked a few things out and stumbled across a website that mentioned the compound .
he would have been fuming if he 'd gone away with someone and they 'd left him flat for two horse - hung country boys with yellow teeth and big chins who 'd outgrown their pants years ago .
the last thing we need is trouble from a couple of straight country boys out here in the middle of nowhere . ''
they were just a couple of simple - minded country boys having a little fun with him .
he 'd even been accosted by two harmless country boys in amish country once , thanks to these underwear ads , where the country boys pulled down luis 's pants and tickled him in the front seat of an old pick up truck until he laughed so hard it hurt .
he 'd even been accosted by two harmless country boys in amish country once , thanks to these underwear ads , where the country boys pulled down luis 's pants and tickled him in the front seat of an old pick up truck until he laughed so hard it hurt .
he 'd even been accosted by two harmless country boys in amish country once , thanks to these underwear ads , where the country boys pulled down luis 's pants and tickled him in the front seat of an old pick up truck until he laughed so hard it hurt .
jase had experienced amnesia once in amish country and luis could n't handle that nonsense all over again .
he 'd moved in with a country doctor for a short time , hoping to build a life there .
luis lost patience fast with pedants and idiots , and he 'd stopped suffering fools right after he 'd almost been killed in amish country by a deranged stalker .
it looked exactly like one of the stone cottages at the end of luis 's driveway at what would one day be luis 's house in the country , cider mill farm .
if he did happen to be home from a trip , he avoided the country estates , as well as any of the tons gilded yet facile amusements .
at the head of the plane 's stairs , i paused to inhale a deep breath , wanting to smell the country ; all i smelled was jet fuel , and it was freezing here .
` ` i help get cheap alcohol into the country .
i finished wiping down the tables , swaying to the terrible country song on the radio - one i did n't recognize .
` ` to correct the imbalance , donna maria carloni is going to have to have a granddaughter marry into a nice neapolitan family with ties to the old country .
perhaps this is very ordinary , and i reveal myself as an ignorant country girl by marveling at it .
so we trudged all three miles down the muddy country road that led to the great estate of the viscount lisle .
both of us ` ` spoke proper '' -thanks to our mother 's education , and her tireless correction of any errors , our accents betrayed less of our country origins than our neighbors ' did .
the viscount has never liked to discuss uncle humphrey ; he lived far out in the country , on a much humbler estate than his station in life would have demanded .
at least , she thought with barely repressed hysteria , unlike the character in the country song , anna knew cole 's last name .
some country song twanging all about protecting your woman from ass**le losers came out of the speakers .
touring the country ?
only his car was a tricked - out sports car , and he was singing along to a country song on the radio , looking more cheerful than sexual .
but this is n't a lazy drive in the country .
she was going to humiliate herself right here in tammy 's country chic dining room with this dumb turkey plate in front of her .
ryder had said the right things to suzanne and never even mentioned the irony of who his sponsor was , but despite being a poor country girl , she was n't dumb .
she 's a little bit country , he 's a little bit rock ' n ' roll , folks , and one of stock car racing 's most famous couples is back in action .
she drove a corvette , a good old american sports car , full of speed and detailing and country sass .
there was a country song waiting to be sung out of this mess .
nolan turned up the twang in his country voice .
over the years her mother had remodeled the kitchen twice , ditching the dark country wood of the eighties for the stark white of the nineties to its current brazilian cherry cabinets and unpolished granite with an apron sink .
she was perfectly content to sit at the sticky table in the country western - themed bar and drink her beer while she moved her feet to some tim mcgraw tunes .
shawn shivered , the pulsing beat of the country ballad reverberating through her feet , her br**sts , her inner thighs .
but hey , he never claimed to be anything more than a country boy at heart , despite all the dollars in his bank account .
nor did he expect a woman to trot around the country with him .
all of this was moving very fast and she was just a country girl with zero experience being at these types of social and corporate events .
~ trey drove down country roads for hours , trying to get his head on straight .
everything outside was peaceful : just another gracious country estate in rural new england .
around him sat his second wife of nine years , savannah dare , and their daughter , sienna , along with their nearest and dearest country club friends .
the desire to sweep her into his arms , breathe in her unique scent no designer could have created , and steal her away from this god - awful staid country club was strong .
i knew gabriel dare from the country club lance belonged to , but despite the upper - crust connection , there was nothing similar about the two men .
it had led to an internship and , ultimately , a job after graduation at lisa stern designs , a one - woman design firm that catered to various types of clientele , from home renovations to the occasional country club overhaul .
i was curvier than the women he dated , had compared myself more than once at the country club , yet i followed his instruction to the letter , pulling on the drawstring , releasing the sweatpants so they pooled at my feet .
i knew gabe from the country club my ex belonged to .
the family 's fairly conservative , which means boarding schools and country clubs and the like . ''
no longer the country bumpkin with incorrect grammar , he spoke to her like a more educated man would .
it reminded me a bit of a country singer i could n't name at the moment .
so when he next phoned and realised that i was out the country and , yes , i was going to have a life outside of him and that i would n't always be dropping everything when he phoned , it made him do a double - take and then , suddenly , he stopped taking me for granted and shaped up . ''
the gleam that consists of floating dollar signs and funding for his next year 's country club membership .
i mean , he 's like a total country boy , but i think he 's adorable .
` ` you are n't so bad yourself , country boy .
the ceiling was gilded ; it was as if they were floating in a classic english country house .
now your mother wants to buy an rv and drive around the country , trying all those places to eat .
the gothic stone house in front of us was a country mansion that rivaled anything you 'd see on the bbc .
` ` i ' m game if you are , babe , i love me a bit country sunshine . ''
he looked uncomfortable while mum gushed about the lovely scottish country estate that everyone in the world knew he owned , but me , apparently .
24 ` ` just like my brother to be out of the country when there 's work to be done . ''
on his frickin ' country estate ? !
i 'd managed to scrape out three days of time so i could take my girl up to the somerset coast to stay at my sister 's country home .
i wanted some romantic time away with my girl , and also just needed to get out of the city and into the fresh air of the country .
do n't get me wrong , i love the city , but there 's something to be said about the country . ''
` ` freddy greymont , my brother - in - law , brilliant country doctor , love of my sister 's life , and to blame for all of this . ''
` ` we 're going to sit down for a nice lunch and get fortified first , then it 's back to work finding the perfect dress for your posh country celebrity wedding .
we 're doing it in the country at his sister 's somerset mansion . ''
perfect excuse for a new suit , '' he babbled , going off on a tangent about italian silks and something about a green one he 'd spotted in a shop in milan that would be just perfect for a country wedding .
you ordered this posh event with royalty and dignitaries coming to eat the gourmet food , and drink the expensive champagne in your sister 's historic country manor house . ''
it means a country party with dancing and fiddles . ''
` ` i know this thing is most definitely happening in the country , and you ' ve got david garrett coming - there is no fiddle player hotter than him , by the way - and i ' m not merely talking about his musical ability here , blackstone , so yeah , we got us a big ole hoedown to get to .
my legs swallowed up the rest of the path quickly , and then the stone steps of our new country house .
homeowners of a big f**king house in the country .
the fact that ethan and i would soon be country neighbors with hannah and freddy , and their three beautiful children , was something that made me very happy .
the foundation had been laid down in 1761 , then several years to build it , before being occupied by a london gentleman who wanted a country cottage to wile away the lazy summer days at the seaside when the heat of the city got too oppressive .
london of centuries past was not as pleasant as it was now in the modern age , so it made sense as to how all the big country mansions were built in the first place .
living in london and visiting the country for a break .
england was my home , and we had a house in the country .
the kids in the back thought it was hilarious fun , and loved reminding me i needed to ` ` keep left '' on the country road , which was stupid because it was only one lane .
we 'd actually considered spending the holidays in the country , but the major renovations underway at stonewell helped us make the decision to stay in london instead .
` ` so you approve of him being our new guard dog here in the country ? ''
i knew brynne loved the country , and had even been in contact with her art advisor at university of london about organizing some evaluative study of the paintings at hallborough .
then the motherfucking horror ride , with brynne in the back of an ambulance all the way to bridgwater hospital - over thirteen , long , rolling , country miles .
ready to crank the radio up on a classic country station and let george strait sing about how his problems are so much worse than mine .
by the time we pass the windmill farms that mark the desert near palm springs , we ' ve played classic rock , classic country , and a varied selection from current artists .
the house is the size of a small country , and in the unfinished areas , sounds echo strangely , and it 's difficult to tell where to go .
they are a haze of ice cream , classic movies , and really depressing country songs .
she went on about this mystery woman 's many apparent virtues , and my mind wandered for a bit , across the country , on a flight with my reticent lover of the night before .
half the time he could smell her , and she was n't within a country mile of him .
i like country music , so what ?
we 're just a couple of country bumpkins . ''
` ` so i guess you 're worried that i ' m running off to the country for the summer in order to bury my head in the sand - or the fertile soil , more appropriately .
niall felt invigorated by country living .
ian 's kitchen reminded her of something one might find in an english country manor - huge , with every conceivable cooking implement ever created , but somehow still comfortable .
i 'd find her different places - staggering down a country road , trying to feed leaves to a panicked puppy , bathing naked in an ice - cold river ... '' a shiver of horror went through her as she studied his impassive face .
watching her race down city streets , take tight turns , and zoom through country landscapes was a true pleasure .
for the most part , lucien maintained the vaguely amused , cynical stance of an experienced , world - weary libertine , a man who claimed no family , no country , no creed , and few of the worldly possessions to which he was entitled by law , which were many .
` ` but being new in town - in the country , for that matter - i ' m sure you 'll need some guidance through the process .
ian had chased kam reardon out of the country house on two other occasions .
she studied him driving as they left the town of stratham behind and headed for belford on the narrow country road , the setting sun casting his profile in a reddish - gold glow .
the chill air rushing past him as he roared down the country roads was sufficient for clearing his head , though , seeming to blow out some of his anger and crystalize his thoughts .
i was at the desolate country manor of a condemned criminal and obsessed madman .
lin supposed he would n't have had much of a chance to acquire any , living a solitary , meager existence for so many years in the country .
make the stubborn country relation a bit more malleable ?
` ` aurore is in the country , '' he said thickly after a moment .
he seemed to know a lot about the city and country , which made me wonder how often he 'd been to the opulent area .
you flying high above the country , your sexy legs crossed , trying to hold in how much you wanted me to touch you .
and the love of your life flew in the dark of night over the country , stretching the distance between you to so much more than three thousand miles .
they were flying high , shooting across the country , maybe over pennsylvania , maybe ohio .
julia laughed , pointing to the dolly parton machine at the end of the aisle , lit up with a trio of photos of the country music legend .
nate was an animal lover and had grown up with dogs , so he regularly arranged to be an ` ` escort '' for animals in need , ferrying them from various locales around the country back to the brooklyn shelter that served as the matchmaker .
we could ride out cross country on it . ''
me murdered and in pieces along an isolated country road and my sister devastated because i had forgotten the one thing she 'd always told me not to do - get into cars with strangers .
just like his penthouse , the country house looked like something straight out of a magazine .
i 'd asked the wrong question and he 'd left , likely returning to his penthouse in the city , and i would be left alone here in the country .
for the first time , rogers seemed like someone i might be able to relate to , but i doubted he found living in the country as boring as i already did .
taking my hand , he led me to a sitting room similar to the one we 'd sat in before , but this one had an enormous painting of an impressionist country scene on one of the inside walls .
by sunday night we were back in the country , me in my part of the house and him in his until night when i once again slept next to him .
maybe he 'd disappear back to the city , leaving me out in the country .
or maybe he 'd suddenly have a lot of work functions to attend with the actresses , again leaving me alone out in the country .
i may have been out in the country , but i was n't back in time .
` ` beautiful country there .
i ca n't be worrying so much that my husband is having some hot thing with his blond assistant that i go crazy here out in the country and begin to stalk him while he 's at work .
one of the disadvantages to living out in the country .
i feel like your poor country cousin . ''
the rooms rivaled the country house in beauty .
i thought about all the time i 'd spent out at the country house and smiled at daryl 's description of it .
i used to be that class , but as the gardener ethan , i definitely stuck out like a sore thumb among manhattanites visiting their country homes .
she 's going to be fine , and soon there will be four in the stone family out there in the country .
halston might be going for a long stretch in a secure mental hospital outside the country .
the safe house was one of my properties in the country .
or a country song .
okay , so she 'd found him to be an interesting conversationalist on the ride down to his country home .
she had recently remarried and given an interview to town and country magazine , briefly mentioning her ex - husband and his breast cancer drug .
i was dashing calls since i was actually out of the country and did n't want my parents to ever find out that- '' she paused , blushing as though she was in the hot seat before shyly biting her bottom lip .
we 're touring the country kissing on staircases , '' mr . stone added .
miller tilted his head in a gesture sam had only ever seen country folk make .
what had started off as a terrifying evening had turned into a night of mind - blowing sex with max , and there i was the next morning being whisked off to the california wine country .
he would leave home , taking the three hundred and sixty - one dollars he had to his name , and hitchhike halfway across to the country to hollywood .
it made him look very ` ` english country gentleman '' .
lunch was salad nicoise , crusty country bread and a local white wine .
` ` it 's almost sixty miles to carcassonne , '' tristan explained when i told him i had hoped for a country drive .
not stunted city trees , but old country - looking ones .
i had grown up in new york city , but manhattan made me feel like a country hick .
it was there , the little country cottage that i 'd always pretended was mine .
it had more of a quaint , rustic appeal , like it belonged in the pages of country living rather than modern home : arched doorways , wooden floors , wavy glass windows .
but the country ?
it 's a code those in the old country live by - you do n't just kill a man , you kill his whole family .
but it 'd give the stogy old men at collins ' country club something to talk about other than their stock performance . ''
i hated golf , but collins had joined the beverly hills country club to woo some stuffy client , and he 'd been on me and pace to join him for golf so he could feel like he was getting his money 's worth at the overpriced club .
chapter seven colton before we leave the country club , i stop in at the boutique gift shop .
my parents bought me these when i joined the cross country team my senior year .
the beverly hills country club ? ''
but did that mean i actually needed to spend the last few dollars i had running across country to see collins ?
` ` maybe you oughta explain that confusin ' comment to this dumb ol ' country boy . ''
they did n't talk , letting the country music on the radio fill the void in the truck .
she 'd known from day one it 'd never work out and they 'd part company - not only because of the cliched differences between a country boy and a city girl .
chapter eighteen live country music twanged through the speakers .
she 'd sold the few things she 'd owned - including her bmw - bought an old dodge truck , packed up and had driven across the country to the wilds of wyoming .
a mixed cd of country tunes his sister keely selected lightened his mood .
you probably wo n't have the time of day for a little ol ' country cowgirl like me . ''
let some other fool take on the headache of draggin ' animals to rodeos all over the damn country . ''
` ` you ' ve always had a thing for sweet little country girls . ''
she and steve talked about a threesome in vague generalities throughout their marriage , more along the lines of ... a fantasy f**k . gemma had a thing for country singer chris ledoux and steve teased her that if the opportunity arose , he 'd watch chris doin ' her , then he 'd join in .
` ` that 's damn isolated country out there , cord .
` ` she loves sunsets and bakin ' cookies and holdin ' babies and two - steppin ' and all that corny country shit ?
rugged country .
cord told me the only reason kade took that job up in the north country was because he 'd had a bad break up with a woman .
horseshoes clinked in the background , competing with the twang of country music drifting from a boom box .
` ` do n't seem so complicated to me , but then again , i ' m just a country girl .
i gotcha beat , babe , by a country mile .
even ... wooed her , country style with every ounce of his cowboy charm .
` ` yes , i can see how the orphaned country girl scenario might be appealing to men like that - for a while .
` ` chass , baby , a country girl like you oughten be fallin ' for that tired old line .
tater demanded their new home be decorated country cabin style , with exotic and domestic animal heads from his various hunting expeditions mounted on the walls and the space littered with his collection of mostly tacky western art .
starla ignored tater 's demands and decorated the house in the style of an english country manor , with chintz - covered chairs , plaid and floral couches , lace doilies , ruffles and bows .
new appliances , pine cabinetry , bigger windows and tile flooring showcased modern amenities , yet the eat - in breakfast bar uniting the two areas retained a rustic , country feel .
hell , some stuff i need to figure out , which is why i ' m driving across country instead of flying . ''
although he probably rodded the piss out of it as he zipped across the country .
she braced herself for a ` ` country bumpkin '' comment and crafted a couple of snappy comebacks .
i ' m just a simple country girl with simple tastes . ''
he hated country music .
` ` same might be said for you saving my ears from the noise pollution that passes for country music . ''
` ` you hate country bars . ''
` ` you ca n't deny you hate country music , which is all they play at this country bar . ''
` ` you ca n't deny you hate country music , which is all they play at this country bar . ''
` ` oh , reagan , do n't forget country music blaring as she 's driving down the gravel road to take care of her horse , '' the another brunette threw in .
could you be any more of a country mouse ?
one hundred percent country cowgirl .
and i realized i ' m a total idiot for falling in love with a man i ca n't have because he sees me the same way they do : a hick country girl who 'd never fit in his world .
nothin ' wrong with beer and we are in coors country after all . ''
so during the last three weeks , to take his mind off all the things he missed about keely , her fiery addictive kisses , her violation of his personal sleeping space , her uninhibited sexual response , her inventive curses , her absolute devotion to her family , her stupid country music , her gas - guzzling dirty - ass truck , her gentle insistence with her clients ... he 'd worked .
hell , he 'd even listen to that shitty country music she loved .
while the heater warmed the frigid winter air , and country tunes drifted from the radio , kane slowly , thoroughly made love to her .
jesus , i ' m livin ' the cliched country song - my dog died , i had a knock - down , drag - out fight with my kin and now i ' m at the local watering hole drownin ' my sorrows about the suckage of my life . ''
no big stunner josie was in cowboy country in texas .
` ` is ' gate ' some kind of country euphemism for sex ? ''
he purposely sought out places like this , as a reminder real cowboy country existed .
the jukebox spewed country tunes .
maybe she 'd find a smooth - moving country guy to teach her to two - step , since chase had refused .
` ` you can have the radio on if you find a country music station . ''
` ` will you become the country mouse ?
the store itself relied more on kitschy country chic than plain country .
the store itself relied more on kitschy country chic than plain country .
despite gavin 's initial judgment of dowdiness , she wore trendy eyeglasses and dressed in a style he 'd call country chic .
you ' ve got me beat by a country mile .
there was n't a band , just piped - in country music , but several couples were on the dance floor .
` ` i 'll admit that contraption you 're wearing - while sexy as all get - out - is a little intimidating for a simple country boy like me . ''
` ` i sure as hell ai n't gon na let you drive across the damn country by yourself dragging a u - haul .
music drifted from her ipod speakers and she danced around the island , singing to country tunes .
no one has groomed lawns in the country , gavin , not to mention the deer and turkeys will rip it up- '' he placed his fingers over her mouth .
so as we 're driving across country , i ' m encouraging her to talk to me , and she broke down completely .
she was n't a country bumpkin waiting to taste her first beer .
` ` i ' ve lived in the country forever and i am attuned to every nuance and change around me . ''
marin cranked the radio and belted out the words to some annoying country ditty .
` ` i ' m not really a fan of country music . ''
this is gorgeous country . ''
` ` rumors flew that my folks grew pot on their funky little piece of land in mckay country .
you would be so cool and sophisticated and i 'd stick out like a country bumpkin .
` ` like listening to country music . ''
besides , they probably only played country music . ''
so the tycoon wo n't mind if it 's an old - fashioned country wedding - held in the barn , with hay bales for pews , followed by a hoe - down ? ''
` ` i like you a little country , but that sexy citified vibe does it for me in a bad way , so i definitely want you in a black tuxedo . ''
author 's note : this story begins two months after the end of rough riders book 14 - gone country ... all knocked up : chapter one keely - seven months pregnant ... keely west mckay donohue had this pregnancy thing down pat .
mood lighter after the sappy love story and an action flick where the hero had blown up a shit ton of stuff , she sang along with the country tunes on the radio .
` ` but since we 're in the middle of cattle country , and most ranchers are dead set against any type of elk farm abutting their grazing land , would n't that mean we 'll have fewer applicants because they 'll want the test program to fail ? ''
carson poured her soda on ice , grabbed a beer for himself and turned the radio on to the local country station .
` ` this was my mother 's and one of the few things she brought over from the old country .
except now foster has decided to be a country singer .
` ` you have a lovely home , '' layla said , following her into the receiving room , which was done up in tasteful french country decor , with a butter yellow and dark blue color scheme .
this country girl is just about bowled over . ''
mrs . prescott ostensibly went to the forest brook country club every week to play tennis with the other trophy wives , but almost always came home without a bead of sweat on her body , slightly unsteady on her feet , and smelling of the expensive bourbon the club used in their mint juleps .
but he 'd kept in touch over email , even after he 'd gotten his first record contract his first year of college , dropped out , and made himself over into a country singer who was known for his songwriting skills and ability to play a mean fiddle .
she really could n't imagine a blond country star at colin 's level wandering around her old suburb , asking her mostly black neighbors if they knew where she 'd gone .
and that was how she ended up at a table for three in the birmingham grand 's main bar and restaurant with beau , waiting for one of the biggest country stars in america to meet them .
afraid colin fairgood , the country music star who still had his sight and fame , was here for one reason and one reason only : to steal josie away from him .
` ` if i ' m remembering right , you never were much of a country fan . ''
` ` you mean that country singer , the one who did that one song with roxxy roxx ?
` ` yeah , the country singer .
maybe you could ask mr . moneybags country singer in there ? ''
feeling like a country mouse who 'd somehow ended up in the lap of ostentatious luxury , she pushed through the gauze barrier and climbed into the bed , which seemed like it was more suited to a tsarina than little ol ' sam mckinley from detroit .
music would occasionally drift out of the buildings and cars they passed : jazz , zydeco , rock , and even a country tune every now and again .
fury patted the dog 's head while vane looked around the cozy house , which was decorated in a country style .
` ` you know , your sarcasm is n't helping any more than your bizarre and scattered references to literature and bad country songs . ''
jericho followed them into a quaint cabin that was decorated in navy and green with country bears .
` ` that must have been scary for you guys to head out across the country on your own . ''
` ` desert , urban , beach , country ... '' ` ` countryside . ''
when tzader had a chance to transfer her to the southeastern division , she 'd accepted immediately , moving across country at night over three days .
anything you ' ve heard , especially the day tristan took you to the house in the country , is a twisted tale to turn you against him . ''
a second later in that country drawl : ` ` get the hell out ! ''
she 'd pit her country wisdom against his worldly - and otherworldly - knowledge .
he 's never had a country girl .
she breathed deeply of the country air , squaring her shoulders .
we lived in the wayland country house- '' ` ` a nice touch , '' said maryse , ` ` that .
` ` a little bit country , a little bit rock and roll . ''
when he thought of his father and of idris , it was always the same blurred memory of hot sunshine burning down on the green lawns in front of their country house , and of a big , dark , broad - shouldered figure leaning down to lift him off the grass and carry him inside .
` ` in this case , the wayland country house . ''
past alicante there 's farmland and country houses .
` ` and they have another house , a manor out in the country .
these were manor houses , sebastian explained ( by shouting in her ear ) : the country houses of wealthy shadowhunter families .
the family in it left for the country . ''
the country houses were abandoned , more families had left the city , and some had left the clave altogether .
` ` for all we know , all he wants is to settle down in a nice country house in idris . ''
everything was the same - gray granite countertops , white appliances , the god - awful country decorations dee had thrown up on the walls , and the heavy oak kitchen table .
as we reached the outskirts of vegas , i started getting weary of this whole surprise bullshit , especially when paris turned off the main avenue , following another road around a country club and huge golf course .
` ` country music has got to go . ''
he did n't say anything as he reached forward , turning the station back to country music .
i 'd been doing so well , keeping my face relatively dry through the whole service , even when they played that one country song that was always played during sad moments .
a jukebox in the corner played some kind of tear - in - my - beer country music as a middle - aged woman i 'd never seen before barreled out of the dutch doors across from the dance floor .
i told my parents and i told the police , but his parents and mine were country club buddies , and they offered my parents a whole lot of money if i kept quiet .
it was seven hours away in a small country town in alabama .
gorgeous country .
` ` his dad owns the country club .
if i was going to a damn country bar , i was going looking like the son of dean finlay .
country bars were n't my thing , although blaire 's boots were definitely on my list of favorite things .
` ` we need to pick bethy up at the country club .
i had n't really paid attention to the country music since we 'd walked inside .
i wanted to be the one who held her during those slow country songs .
hiding a black range rover on country roads was n't easy .
he lives out in the country , and his wife went barefoot to the grocery store !
we pulled up to the country club that i had only been to once and had never wanted to return to .
strange allegiances - evangeline the city highways traded off for rolling snow - covered hills and quiet country houses .
amelie and i lived on a ranch in the middle of the country .
` ` no , i mean ... just that house and the big ol ' trees and the country air ...
i waited until she stumbled through the door after a night out at the fair oakes country club , knowing she 'd just assume that she 'd bought an outrageously expensive bottle of wine that night .
an old tube tv lights up a corner , the sound of the baseball announcer 's voice buzzing softly in the background , competing against the crackle of country music over the radio .
she prefers complete silence and curses sheriff gabe when she can hear country music playing from his car .
the upbeat twang of a country singer comes from a stage at the far end .
ginny 's eyes finally lift to scan the kitchen - a fusion of modern and country , with stainless - steel appliances and smooth granite countertops mixed in with plenty of wood grain and bull horns mounted on the wall .
following me around the country was entirely unnecessary .
clinic in the country ? ''
only i 'll be doing it for customers at my high - end wine country inn .
we 're seated at a small corner table on a patio with palm trees hovering behind and a band playing soft alt - country music in the opposite corner .
mary jane mayfair had come this last weekend , the mad country girl from fontevrault .
mary jane mayfair actually lived in the ruins of fontevrault plantation , in the bayou country .
ancient evelyn had known dolly jean , but ancient evelyn had never left amelia street to ride to a country funeral , and no one had even thought of asking her about it .
the country round was always green , even in winter , but now it had the new intense color of spring .
this girl 's country voice was infectious .
within seconds he was away from the highway and going down the country road .
` ` no , i ca n't , dear , '' he said , being punctiliously polite to mary jane , because she was the country cousin .
` ` put your hand on this , then , country cousin .
the lantern was bright enough , but this was country dark , pitch black .
the bed was huge , built out of those dark , plain posts they used so much in the country , the canopy gone , and only the netting stretched over the top , veil after veil .
intelligent girl , sure of herself , and well bred , he thought , not country .
ours was the north country of ireland and scotland ; we knew each other ; and something in me touched the saint as well - the sincerity of the taltos , the foolish way of coming directly to the point , an easy outpouring of enthusiasm .
he would sleep in his clothes as he did most nights , in the forest , or in the country inns , or in the houses of those humble peasants at which he sometimes stopped , and that was no great inconvenience to him .
we came out of the village for a twilight walk in the country .
i want to walk in the country . ''
we were soon at the west gates of the village and we walked along the country road that led to the manor house .
she had been in the village a year when the raid happened , a female farm slave of the lord mayor , working in his country gardens , searching out weeds in the grass with her teeth on her hands and knees , the gardener a stout and severe man , never without a strap in his hand .
it seemed in his hair she could smell the fresh country winds of europe , and even the smell of the fresh cut grass in the fields of the village manor houses .
i ca n't say the country road was easier than the village road .
but tristan and i were rather still , and it seemed each tiny variation of the country scene took more of the mental skin off me , deepening the sense of my lowliness .
we pulled the fancy gilded carriage of the rich country lords , who divided their time between the castle and the manor house .
they could go for little rides in the country with ponies in splendid rigging .
there was no time for lamentation , no time to linger at a country inn on the way and drink myself into a stupor as i tried to get used to the real world .
glancing out the window , i saw we were now in a suburban area where the lots were at least four acres ; maybe this had been out in the country once upon a time , until shreveport had grown .
my throat was sore from the screaming i 'd done the night before when i 'd seen sam bleeding out on the ground in the backyard of the country farmhouse alcide herveaux had inherited from his father .
i did want to talk to someone about what had happened at alcide herveaux 's country place .
glassport said he had been out of the country recruiting at this someone 's behest . ''
from her battered boots and jeans to her sleeveless blue blouse , she looked like she 'd be more at home at a country and western bar like stompin ' sally 's than coming to the house of a telepath to practice her touch psychic - ness .
i 'd called michele , and we were meeting her and jason at stompin ' sally 's , a big western bar out in the middle of the country twenty miles south of bon temps .
` ` country fare , it is .
he pissed on the embers of the fire , for he was in wild country , and there were bandits and hobgoblins and worse in those lands , and he had no desire to alert them to his presence .
tristran walked over to her slowly and steadily , and then he went down upon one knee in front of her , as once he had gone down on his knees before her in the mud of a country lane .
there was definitely a more intense side to this easygoing country boy , born and raised in the heartland - one that coaxed her interest and ramped her desire .
because wes was a simple country boy at heart .
` ` that 's my sweet country boy .
` ` i ' ve discovered there 's nothing sexier than a sweet country boy turned naughty . ''
great timing , seeing as she was on a two - lane country road in the middle of nowhere , missouri , alone , with no one to tell her where to go but the mysterious female gps voice .
the quiet country home bustled with activity .
in the old country , during a storm , the sea grew violently colored , slashed through with shadows , streaming with black like coal .
as they 'd traversed the country , they settled into a comfortable familiarity .
at holly 's first sight of the place , she was tempted to turn on her heel and get back into the car , heading for snow country .
regin the radiant sensed some enemy was hot on her ass as she sped down dark country roads .
` ` coming from the country with burrs in your hair and not even a scrap of red to call your own .
i 'd been seemingly everywhere in cincinnati with trent the last couple of months , but the country club was the worst .
her old tower and monitor were gone , and an overindulgent , high - def screen she could plug her laptop into now took up a good portion of the thick country - kitchen farm table pressed up against the interior wall .
eyes fixed firmly on the road , i took a yield , my little car straining at the unusually steep dirt road as the paved road quickly became very country .
most likely , you have enemies in every city , country , and hellhole you ' ve ever entered . ''
his shirt was cut off at the shoulders to reveal the ` ` god and country '' tattoo he 'd colored in a few hours ago .
after nolan placed his order , she leaned forward and said to the waiter , ` ` do n't look , but there 's a gentleman behind you with a ' god and country ' tattoo and a pretty brunette at his side .
harpies were country cousins to the vampires , with a splash of demon ancestry , and lived for bloodshed rather than blood taps .
` ` all 's i ' m saying is that with a little makeup you could look like my country cousin rather than my undernourished uncle .
he stays in his country estate , always surrounded by armed men , both human and otherworlder .
` ` before we go that route , '' evie said , unsure why her body was now so tense , ` ` we should break into that country estate and have a look around , plant a few bugs .
blue was able to place ten small cameras on the perimeter of star 's country home , a huge compound surrounded by an iron gate , armed guards , and a forest of fake green trees .
humans had moved into the city , out of the country lands , decades ago , so several alien races had then moved into the abandoned areas and taken over .
wanted to follow mr . star , but he 's been holed up in the country , not even leaving for work .
a cortaz blue he saw guarding star 's country estate .
a place star reached through underground tunnels in his country estate .
professor reynolds lived in an old farmhouse in the country , with only a few neighbors visible in the distance .
she smiled , closing her eyes , savoring the familiar low - country scents .
only , no storm , not even in the low country , came up this fast in december .
as a whole package , she was country - girl fresh and apple - pie sweet with a streak of tonka - truck tough .
he sucked in a deep lungful of the crisp fresh country air , just tinged with salt from the ocean a mile or so out , and soaked in every curve of the rolling green hills , every artfully scattered cluster of oak trees .
instantly he transferred from a gorgeous country hillside to a dark room , the walls closing in on him .
he started the drive quiet , tuning the radio to one of the only stations that came in , a contemporary country station , and relaxing into the soothing drive on the sparsely populated two - lane highway through the rolling green hills toward the ocean .
i imagined talking to sawyer , telling him i 'd lived in the country most of my life .
i tried to find us places to live that were near parks and lots of trees , but a starry night sky like the one above us made me miss the country so bad .
mostly in the country . ''
a lot of the people i knew back home were into country music , but i always forgot it was n't so popular here .
you had to go further east , away from the city , to find country bars .
he 'd be off killing people all day and then return home - the quaint little yellow house in the country with the vegetable garden - where i 'd be waiting for him , turkey loaf dinner on the table .
but this was far better than the country - western barn theme that cimil wanted , complete with goats and bales of hay for seats .
maybe she could off - load onto a few trees until she located country - club members .
she did n't know , but when he took her in his arms and began moving her body against him to the sultry rhythm of the music - some sort of sexy , modern mix with a melodic voice and a hint of a country twang - well , she could n't help but melt .
they 'll be driving across country , stopping in most of the major cities .
two girls came up next and sang some country song i did n't recognize .
` ` and just maybe you could spend your summer going across country with a certain hot ass guitarist and his superlicious band , '' gracie suggested , wiggling her eyebrows .
i had gone on to be employed as a secretary for an overly touchy attorney and a hostess at the local country club .
` ` i planned most of my sorority 's functions and i was involved in event planning at the country club back home in high school .
i had sent poor country boy home with nothing to show for it but a raging case of disappointment .
i knew where i was headed as i started to follow curved country roads i had known my entire life .
you staying for cross country ? ''
i was already late for cross country .
i lied , not wanting to admit i had blown off cross country practice to hang out with him .
working my butt off to get the cross country team to state .
i had cross country .
i would come and see him at work after cross country practice .
after flaking out so much during cross country this year , i was determined to show coach kline that i really did kick ass .
it had new stainless steel appliances but decorated a little country so it would still have a warm feel .
an old country bus picked me up for school .
one night i walked farther than i ever had before - anything to keep my mind off of reality - and i came across one of those rambling old country houses , complete with a wraparound front porch .
traffic was light as i exited the highway and headed south , speeding down the open country road .
you know , what every poor college student in the country eats ? ''
a modern kitchen had taken the country kitchen 's place .
` ` you mean aside from the fact that he 'd steal you away from me , take you across the country , lock you in a closet , then fly back here and start a pitchfork rally against me ? ''
i always loved the manor kitchen , with its warm , country feel , wood counter tops crowning rustic - looking cupboards , and a giant old dining table that centred the space - its washed , fading green colour stylishly unmatched by the white chairs pushed in under it .
the cowboy occasionally drops the melody and takes off on a country music riff all by himself while the other guys roll their eyes .
i am driving bumper cars at a country fair .
she smokes and i try to block out the pounding of the country music that has just increased by at least ten decibels .
i finally find hannah walking down a country road about a mile away .
i find a place to pull over on some empty back - country georgia road .
one minute i was sitting on the side of a country road , taking shots of smirnoff and counting my tips before i went back to the store to close , the next minute i was in the middle of a science fiction movie , complete with a jet - powered honda civic and a thousand translucent zombielike beings who looked like charlie .
mick and jill disappear into the poolroom and james and i sit at the bar , watching marie and her look - alike husband step dance to country and western music .
because nothing spells parental discipline for homophobic slurs like dressing up fancy and underage drinking at some faraway country club where larger minds are present .
mom tells him that she 's made reservations at the country club .
you said fresh air and grass and space and country fairs and stuff , but i guess i could never figure out why you thought that was better .
cash ( as in the late great country singer , not the capitalist tool of ownership ) is the handsome dreadlocked boy who came to her rescue last month .
they seem to be old nature manuals : how to navigate cross - country with nothing but a needle and a magnet , that kind of thing .
fiona vetoed my ipod on principle , so we ' ve been stuck with the best of the canadian airwaves for the whole trip ; in other words , country and butt rock .
she would only play this classic country station .
uncle auggie 's mansion was in the style of an english country estate , all crumbling red bricks and billowing clouds of white roses .
their english country manor turned out to be almost dignified compared to the neighbors ' : as hallie strolled , she counted two tuscan villas , three stucco mansions adorned with greek columns , and one modern monstrosity - looking like someone had tossed huge cubes in a random heap .
dakota tried to fill the empty air between them , rambling about how busy he 'd be in the studio , how he could n't drag her across the country ; her career , and his bandmates .
i stop in the middle of the winding country lane and cross my arms .
* * * alice decided to walk the half - mile into the village , and set out along the winding country lane with one of jasmine 's tie - dyed cloth bags over her shoulder and a long list in her pocket .
he paused , looking out at the groups of casual guests , sipping pimm 's and nibbling the tiny cucumber sandwiches the caterer had set out on lace - adorned tables to play up the english country theme .
she followed her gaze , to a painting of a country scene , rich with red and orange hues .
catching the late train moments before it left , alice curled up in an empty car and gazed absently out at the dark blur of country landscape and small towns that would take her back to london .
so she watched , flicking between classic rock and a strangely soothing country station , until just before one p.m. , ella emerged .
many of the rogues still remaining in the country had taken to the forest of varnley , seeking the seclusion and isolation it brought , as well as the obvious advantage of the bustling hunting ground of london being less than an hour 's run away .
track them through the back country and take them on with deuce 's walking stick ? ''
` ` you 're the one from horse country , '' ty reminded with a twitch of his lips .
he would blast classic rock and heavy metal in the bronco when they drove on some days , and on others it would be laid - back country .
but now they were being dragged across the country , possibly to their deaths .
harrison frowned and looked out at the view of the sprawling hill country : acres and acres of unrelenting , rolling green , covered with prickly pear cactus and scrub trees that made passage on foot nearly impossible .
every ranch in the hill country , big or small , had a gate .
he 'd seen the painting before dinner , a fascinating vista of browns , oranges , and pinks that made up a surreal look at the hill country outside the door .
as ty strolled away , the backdrop of the hill country offered a glimpse of afghanistan behind a marine .
the tenuous connection to his work in miami was frightening , as was the mystery of why that much product had been shipped so far into the hill country .
if she 's not with flynn , she could be hitchhiking her way across the country with some wild band of bikers .
why pull two kids from the country and gift them with the riches of the world ?
laken drove a million country miles to say those simple words , and not for a second do i believe that 's all she wanted to say .
there 's a formal at the country club after .
her hair holds the scent of vanilla and flowers , a country meadow blinks through my mind like some long forgotten dream that i struggle to remember .
coop hours after the game , the skies have miraculously cleared , giving me a window of opportunity to park before heading into the trinity country club .
the country club sparkles with thousands of twinkle lights that make the cavernous room look like the stars lost their way and ended up inside .
my mother is a drunk , and my sister , jen , left the country first chance she got .
fletcher drives carter , grayson , and i through barren country roads as if he were dodging serious traffic at rush hour with the entire robot apocalypse in hot pursuit .
small ebony darts , spearing through an unblemished country sky .
wes ignites in a sweet country smile .
his real mom is all country , apron in the kitchen , dinner on the stove every night at six .
it leads us all the way back to open skies and fresh country air .
i start in slow about kansas , how i thought i had another family , my mom , lacey , the flat country , lime green grass as far as the eye can see , round bales of hay that dot the landscape , the ripe scents of farm life that i miss so much .
i made her drive out to the country with me days before she fell two stories with nothing but a pile of rocks to break her fall .
` ` i ' ve booked the grand ballroom at the carrington country club .
i smile down at the most beautiful girl in all of carrington , garrison , the country , the world - my wife .
lauren has transformed the carrington country club into a bona fide medieval castle , and the masquerade ball theme gives the impression we ' ve truly stepped back in time .
an oversized sign greets me as i pull off the highway and drive onto the rural country road .
i ' m too ashamed to tell him i was humiliated - that rutger asked jules shaw to the summer splash down at the country club right in front of me because he knew i would n't be into ` ` snooty stuff like that '' -then he had the nerve to call me one of his favorite bad girls just before i detonated a slap across his cheek .
he rattles on and on about how he 's taking it to a car show this weekend at the country club , where there will be a bevy of other boys showing off their daddies ' classic rides .
so this is what it would be like with rutger : car shows and country clubs , lots of silence and tolerance on my part , and - holy shit - trips to fantastic houses like the one we just pulled up in front of .
stupid , stupid oregon for being on the other side of the f**king country .
nothing but country roads stretch out before me , like silver snakes that slither on for miles .
i say it out loud as morgan drives us down miles of country back roads that lead to the christies ' spacious home .
` ` quick , someone alert the country club , '' i quip .
it 's easy like this with skyla , nothing but open country , and her killer smile that makes my body quake .
` ` ms . messenger- '' the judge drawls it out with a slight country twang , and i sop it up to the dregs .
` ` i hear ya , hon , '' darla drawls it out in that faux country accent of hers .
` ` i ' m headed to the country club to play a little racquetball .
gage rattles off country after country , refusing to let his lips leave mine .
he drives on the shoulder and melts the rubber on his tires as soon as we hit the open country that leads to the estates .
a sappy country song aggregates through the speakers and offensively begins twanging in our ears .
the olivers - these olivers - live in a spacious country home with americana decor scattered all around .
when we were together - that phrase sticks in my mind like the haunting chorus to some sappy country song .
not to mention the fact ace has probably never even seen the inside of the loveless country club - a sin of the highest order when it comes to cold , hard cash contenders for my father 's approval .
why do i get the sick feeling i could have easily replaced city for country ?
maybe this is the year we both leave the country club boys for some downhome decent mountain loving .
it all reeks ode to country club , and i want nothing more than to ditch back into the crowd and find ace .
holt holds the scent of a country meadow , earthy and raw .
jemma has held onto her country accent ever since she moved to north carolina in the middle of junior high .
it all comes back to me , the drive down to the country , the pawnshop , the man with the vase .
` ` some pop slash country sensation that sings to preteen girls at shopping malls .
` ` oh , no , '' laney moans , collapsing her arms around my shoulders once she spots the cheater fawning over the has - been country crooner .
izzy is laney 's sister who i think i met once , but our families do n't mix much due to the fact my mother likes to put her bitch face on to anyone outside her country club , thus the slight confusion i ' m having .
i hand him the phone so he can read my mother 's plea for cupcakes at her country club shindig .
late saturday afternoon , baya and bryson help me load up a crap ton of cupcakes into the back of his truck and drive them over to the valentine 's benefit at the country club .
` ` you never know '' -she pats my cheek as we roll in the final cart of cupcakes through the country club 's kitchen- '' your prince charming could be here tonight . ''
begging my forgiveness at the country club in front of god and all of my mother 's stuffy friends is one of the most romantic things cole could do to apologize for his moronic behavior .
whitney briggs is putting on les mis for their winter spectacular , so here we are at the country club trying to raise funds for the department .
the speakers blare some yodeling country song that mimics all of the disasters in my life , and i just want to crawl under a table and stay there while trying to avoid both cole and old gum .
they play a mixture of classic rock and country , and they are badass .
i kiss her hand and follow her around a pissed jack and misty toward the heart of the market , where a band is set up on the stage , playing country music .
finally , i nibble to the corner of her mouth and hug her close as the band begins to play a country duet .
* * * the anniversary party is being held at a country club in bellevue that luke 's family belongs to .
we ' ve just left jules and nate 's wedding and are riding in limos to the reception site , a beautiful country club in bellevue .
` ` just like the rest of the women in the country , you adore me , '' he gloats and takes a swig of coffee , smacks his lips and smiles smugly .
` ` wine country , '' i murmur with a grin , as dom refills both our glasses , emptying the bottle .
out of the country ?
and thus nate 's new life led him through different challenges : posh schools where jeffrey made sure all the boys knew nate 's background , this also kept nate 's instincts honed as he 'd been called out for nasty fistfights constantly just for the other boys to test their meddle against streetwise nate ( the other boys always lost , soundly ) ; cambridge where jeffrey was thrown out for terrible marks ; country clubs where danielle tried to get nate to take her virginity , this he did not do , instead a lifeguard did it while she convinced herself nate was watching in jealousy but jeffrey was watching and laughing ; sunday rugby matches where nate , to laura and victor 's delight , always led his team to victory .
half the time i do n't know what she 's saying , she 's got such a country twang .
he moved only to walk down the sidewalk to look around her unit , then he stood there , eyes on the straight indiana street that led to corn country one way and right into the heart of a city the other .
again , he had no clue how she could create the pieces she created with rock and country blasting around her .
but beauty like that , he thought , did n't get inspired by rock ' n ' roll and country .
but because back then to now with feb taking a break by wandering the country heartbroken at losing colt for - freaking - ever they were people that people knew .
the problem was , after what happened last night , layne was n't certain raquel merrick astley was even in the country .
wyatt had been in colt and morrie 's crowd but he drifted away after school mainly because he got a master 's degree and a great job that meant a lot of travel , even some of it out of the country .
why he could handle a man travelling the country and hacking up people as some fanatical show of affection for feb and he could n't handle that same man breaking into her house , jacking off and leaving mementos , he did n't know .
on the other hand ... first , he 'd married me , hauled me across country for hours upon hours through the freezing cold night and left me in a dirty house all by myself for six weeks ( well , the house was n't dirty for six weeks , but he sure as hell left me there alone that long ) .
and new orleans was a good choice , seeing as she 'd see a whole heckuva a lot of the country driving there from seattle ( pop , by the by , taught her to drive ) .
and for some reason , we stood in the preposterously elegant foyer of his preposterously fabulous country house situated in the preposterously beautiful countryside of a parallel universe and we stared into each other 's eyes , not speaking .
* * * * * ` ` it grows late , madam , we must get you in your carriage in order to be back at the country house for dinner . ''
` ` i do n't know why you stay all the way out here in the country when papa has a house right in benies . ''
i stood on the steps of our country house in fleuridia , the first place i 'd known in this world , and waved as the carriage rolled away , apollo riding at its side .
she had n't known that when cash had taken her to a beautiful , romantic inn in the country .
they were coming home from having dinner together at some country pub on one of england 's dangerously winding roads .
chapter three the problem douglas ashton drove his jaguar through the winding country roads outside bristol airport .
driving by a still - lit country pub going about its business of closing down for the night , he turned his thoughts to his current challenge .
my mother was not heiress to a popcorn fortune who came complete with a trust fund , a five bedroom mansion and a fourth generation membership to the country club .
as if she did n't expect him to be anywhere near the cathedral that day or even in the country ( and had n't been practising her role for a month ) .
the day centre and community hall comprised ( along with a vast kitchen , several small offices , some storage rooms , a stage and narrow backstage area ) an enormous , but dilapidated old building on a council estate in a deprived area of weston - super - mare , a small , seaside city in the west country .
` ` kyle , '' colin responded to the familiar west country greeting .
the house i was taken to was in the denver country club area , very ritzy , very wealthy .
i 'd been working there for over three months and the only rule there seemed to be was that nothing but country or rock ' n ' rol could be played on the cd player .
i turned at this new voice , a female voice with a deep country twang .
once a cd was on , it was on and the only reason you were al owed to turn it off was if it was n't some of duke 's country or some of al y , indy and tex 's rock ' n ' rol .
i never thought he 'd drag me across country , on the run from what had to be bad guys and put me in even worse danger from them than i had from him .
you think al igators are cute and you got friends who'l drop everything to drive across country to bring you your stuff and that 's because you got a heart bigger than the state of colorado and what happened today flipped you out .
it was n't the thing to wear a skintight , rhinestone - encrusted jumpsuit with high - heeled , platform boots to a haunted house in the middle of the country .
he gave updates on absolutely everything , including the state of the asphalt of the drive up to cherry hil s country club ( a location that daisy and marcus , as members of the club , arranged for the reception ) saying , ` ` they sealed that crack i noticed last week , thank god . ''
` ` i have to be in a tux and at red rocks at five and get indy to cherry hil s country club by seven .
indy had built in a goodly amount of time for them to get to cherry hil s country club but , daisy confided in me , mostly it was so they had time to get home ` ` to consummate the marriage , compende ? ''
she had a voice with a country twang .
before i could get myself together and jerk my head away , the door opened and i heard said in a country twang , ` ` oh , damn !
daisy 's country twang whispered .
everyone kicking up their heels on the wooden slats in the barn to rock ' n ' roll and country , getting drunk on beer and cocktails , eating roasted hog , toasting marshmallows outside around a massive bonfire with big logs covered in fluffy wool blankets set all around and letting their hair down .
` ` ass kicking sounds so country . ''
they fully agreed that she should retire to the country estate for a time , to recuperate from her episode with the man they deemed below her station .
lady maddox was gemma 's dearest friend , which normally would put colin in quite the pickle , but it seemed that gemma had n't been conversing with her friends since her exile to the country .
my only hope is that this letter finds you well , and that your heart is n't saddened by my sudden retirement to the country .
i would die an unhappy , alone , and bitter bachelor in the country .
he was going to prove his love to her , but if she was to reject him for the third time - well , it was possible - he would retire to the country .
` ` a trip to my country home . ''
` ` your obvious interest in my country home forces me to admit it has been the actual setting for every single one of those books you 're so fond of .
kessen threw her phone onto the bed and groaned aloud , another thing she 'd been doing a lot of , especially when her grandmother let her know there would be a party held at the country home in her honor .
they would be at his country home within a few minutes .
` ` you do n't venture out into the country much , do you ? ''
armageddon was taking place in the vandenbrook country house , and the first sign was the look on his parents ' faces when he descended the stairs to greet them .
if memory served correctly , the love story started at a masquerade and ended at a masquerade in the vandenbrook country house - the same country house where the ball was being held .
if memory served correctly , the love story started at a masquerade and ended at a masquerade in the vandenbrook country house - the same country house where the ball was being held .
` ` we are so glad to have the wedding in just a day here at the vandenbrook country home , '' the duke said excitedly .
` ` they said the orphanage is doing really well , and they 're flying back into the country to go to seattle and see my sister , then driving back . ''
at one and twenty , he had been only too eager to escort her across the country to find an english groom .
find a willing woman , impregnate her as soon as possible , and flee to the country .
` ` i was merely making conversation , and my house , well , it is in the country and i do not exactly have the funds to keep a cook full time , so when we marry- '' presumptuous squatty little man !
something about living in the country ?
men in the country ?
i am so relieved , my lord , that you are not the type to align yourself with the french while living in the country fighting for your freedom . ''
if he decided to kiss you , i can only imagine he either wants me to shoot him , is bored of country life , or truly is making good on his promise to steal you away .
i need to be sure he knows that we ' ve not only killed five french soldiers , but that they are this deep into the country .
perhaps if he would have visited this particular home , the country estate once in the last ten years , his smile would n't shock them so .
` ` even i , being shut away in the country , am aware that your exploits are anything but gentlemanly . ''
perhaps , the reason she enjoyed stefan 's kisses , or at least allowed herself to entertain them was because she knew her time was limited , and it was inevitable that she would die of this dreadful disease though she had n't had a spell since retiring to the country , or at least that she could remember .
` ` i have n't had them since returning to the country estate , i wonder why ? ''
out of curiosity he looked , but saw nothing save the snow and dreary country side .
we can move to his country seat . ''
this courtship was much easier when she was in her country estate telling the infuriating man to woo her while he had split pea soup on his chin .
the spells were not affecting you when in the country side .
we 'll get you back to the country estate , make it right as rain , we will . ''
her country estate mocked her with its dark and gothic scenery .
out of this lifestyle , out of the family , out of the country , preferably anywhere but the us and sicily . ''
but luca had told me i needed to stay in the country while the rest of the families figured out what was going to happen to campisi 's empire - my empire .
when i jumped off the roof at our country house , hoping i would fly .
he had wanted something intimate where he did n't feel like he had to invite every member of the country club .
something about- '' dad entered the room , looking every inch the poster child for country club member of the month .
she hated our friendship because i ' m not in a country club or whatever . ''
i hear a man 's voice say with a country accent .
` ` yeah , not to mention the hysteria if a man who is supposed to be dead is seen at the country club . ''
the exclusive country club south of town was precisely what luc had been expecting .
there was a solid warmth to the satinwood paneling and leather furnishings that were scattered over an ivory carpet more like an english country estate than a lavish bordello , she decided .
it had been a beautiful ceremony at viper 's country estate surrounded by hundreds of candles and roses and the sweet scent of freshly baked apple pie floating through the air .
it was nearly two hours later when anna and cezar at last emerged from their underground room and made their way toward viper 's private study at the back of the large , but charmingly unpretentious , country house .
of course , on the plus side she did arrive back at viper 's country estate just after midnight .
culligan had never spent much time around the country club set .
but what woman with a brain larger than a pea drove around country back roads in a skimpy black gown that barely covered the essentials and three - inch heels ?
laylah did n't know or care what the hell the ' old country ' meant .
but beyond demanding that levet reveal precisely what had occurred from the moment laylah had left the country estate until she 'd fainted in his arms , he 'd been indifferent to all but overriding need to have this woman safely hidden from those who would harm her .
country folk tended to be up early and the last thing he needed was someone to spot him carrying the still unconscious sylvermyst .
or dragging him halfway across the country .
the wooden structure with a brick chimney that belched smoke toward the star - speckled sky was barely adequate to contain the large crowd of humans that gyrated to the blaring country music .
the elegant house that was decorated to resemble an english country estate beat the hell out of dank caves filled with obnoxious oracles .
` ` my dad was always after me to join him swimming at the country club , but i had better things to do .
` ` i know you 're busy with golf and the country club and everything , but i ' m thinking of coming through town soon .
i did n't recognize her , so i assumed she had been found when one of my teams went cross country to hold auditions .
on the ground below i could make out a large private estate somewhere in the country .
chapter 3 : derek natalie borgia 's safe house was a log cabin out in the country .
i will listen to redneck country over pop . ''
marcus sullivan owned sullivan winery , a very successful vineyard and wine business in the heart of the wine country .
the front half of the barn had been set up to resemble an old country church , with built - in wooden pews and an aisle down the middle .
in that moment , one she 'd never forget , mary had let her mother 's absolute refusal to see reason - and her own flaring temper - push her all the way out the door and away from their small country village .
they 'd been in the country barely over an hour , and yet she could n't stop the italian accent from quickly seeping into her words .
the only way he could deal with having lori around , even just for the short time it would take for her to give up her crazy plan and leave him alone again , was to view her as a spoiled woman out for a lark in the country for a few days .
when she put her hand in his , he realized that holding her that way was shockingly right , as though she really was his girl and he was taking her out for a night of dancing , country style .
she saw the hay bales lining the large space , the country band playing up on the stage at the far end of the building , the dance floor that had been cleared in front of them , and the drink and food stations positioned all throughout the rest of the barn .
lori was so stunned - and so pleased to be close to grayson again as he led her in a country waltz - that she simply laid her head against his shoulder and moved with him .
he was country .
when we bought our first house out in the country , she left her job to focus on decorating the house and working on charity events and the family we planned to have . ''
the country house had been our first try at making it better .
leaning into his chest , she contentedly laid her head against his shoulder as she told them , ` ` the country community is really cool and it 's so incredibly beautiful out there .
in his truck , lori had turned on the local country station way too loud and was singing along in an equally loud , off - key voice , when she suddenly cried , ` ` stop the truck ! ''
her hand tightly grasped in her brother 's , the two of them made their way to where the country band from her very - first - ever barn dance was playing a waltz , and sullivans from all over the world , along with grayson 's parents , were there to celebrate with her and grayson .
not only because he was going to be racing again , this time at the raceway in the wine country near marcus 's winery , but also because this was the first time she was going to be spending an entire day with his family .
good thing he 'd had a reason to get out of there before the hair - pulling started , he thought as he rounded a curve in the narrowing road that led to the sullivan winery in the napa valley wine country .
anticipation had him almost missing the flickering light off on the right side of the two - lane country road .
she was all alone on a dark , wet , country road .
which meant she was going to be walking out of here , down long country roads until she could find a bus stop .
` ` one day i was sitting at the country club with a bunch of his friends ' wives that i really did n't have anything in common with , and i realized i 'd been entirely swallowed up by him .
feeling overwhelmed , she downshifted and brought the trailer to a rumbling halt in the parking lot of an all - night diner located at the side of a country road .
the other two played country and pop , and he twisted the dial , going back and forth between the pair .
except then it came back to her as she picked the thing out of the mismatched coins ... that garage out in the farm country .
and it was n't the kind of dark that came with a room that did n't have any lights on or when you were walking around at night in the country .
he 'd been cut in the past , too - strung up by his feet and beaten like a punching bag ... oh , yeah , and that time in budapest when he 'd been packed into that car , driven out to the country , and left for dead after getting worked over with a claw hammer- abruptly , the waitress moaned the way women did when they were n't faking it : this was not a contrived , pretty little sound engineered to make a guy think he was a sex god .
even if they were in the country , she would n't have wanted them to come rushing east with their manic prayers and bible verses .
` ` it 's so old country - my granmahmen would approve .
your father goes in and out for work so easily every night , and we both like the quiet and the privacy here in the country .
sure enough , she was putting those cross - countries on , and then , with a white ski mask over her head and the pale camos covering her lithe body , she all but disappeared into the blue - washed winter landscape .
` ` many of you knew my father well , and remember his time in the old country .
prologue seventeenth century , old country ` ` long live the king . ''
they were deep into the woody fringes of caldwell 's zip code , no lights from dwellings twinkling through the tree line , no other vehicles coming or going along the icy , two - lane country road .
` ` he probably brought it over from the old country .
the memories that he had of his mother and father were all about the norman rockwell - well , dub in the old country language and change the stage set to a medieval castle theme .
back in the old country , xcor and his band of bastards had stayed in a castle that appeared to have risen from the earth , as if the very stones of its construction had been rejected by the dirt , expelled like a tumor .
back in the old country , i used to chime noon and midnight . ''
moving up to below the knee , he resettled into his work , and the rhythm of chops reminded him of the old country , when he 'd cut wood to take the edge off his frustration .
` ` it is - um , my mate , she weaves fabric in the traditional way from the old country .
they went home with their parents , who were country club members and would eventually be heads of the free masons and the pta , and i went home with my mother , who was barely twenty and had no one to help , not even my father .
` ` he was a country club brat .
i finally left it on the country station and listened to tim mcgraw tell me about how much he loved his dad .
all country songs are not about pickup trucks . ''
` ` i do like country .
` ` i guess that 's what happens when you 're a country bumpkin . ''
` ` i did n't realize that country music was silent . ''
` ` i did n't realize that jay - z was a country music star . ''
` ` what about the country club ? ''
trust me , he 's country .
` ` that 's cool country . ''
` ` he 's hick country . ''
that day , though , i drove aimlessly , changing from radio station to radio station , nothing quite catching me : not the top 40 , not the country music and not even the 80 's and 90 's hits .
the country club ? ''
` ` i guess you could say it 's like a country club , in that it 's exclusive . ''
yes , somewhere in the country .
almost immediately , she left the city behind and started into the country .
preston thought it 'd be good for him to get some exercise every now and then while they crossed the country .
it was small but charming , not unlike langley , the closest town , which boasted the highest density of bed - and - breakfasts , country inns and guest cottages in the state .
it had the sort of country charm his mother had taught him to appreciate .
virgil could feel the balmy evening air so distinctive to this part of the country waft into the aircraft .
she thought of all the exotic places he 'd been and felt like a country bumpkin by comparison .
newcastle was too far away to visit more than once a fortnight , and country society offered little by way of late - night entertainment .
many of the country homes in the surrounding counties rely on us to stock their libraries , seeing that we are much closer than london . ''
a steady stream of country girls traipsed to the manse , hoping for just such a position .
other than a few comments about the weather and the length of the trip , they drove the hundred and thirty miles to ` ` the heart of gold country '' in silence .
` ` if anyone 's interested , the funeral should be announced in the gold country gazette . ''
ed down at the gold country gazette answered on the first ring .
you wo n't be able to avoid the gold country gazette . ''
she also received the gold country gazette , whiskey creek 's weekly paper , at her apartment in davis .
and ed hamilton , from the gold country gazette , had pleaded with gran to have addy call him before the day was through .
he pushed adelaide 's front - page story in the gold country gazette across the wooden bar .
stephen 's place was in the country , on kyle houseman 's property .
` ` the fall '' had been on all the news channels , and the gold country gazette had chronicled brandon 's injury and his recovery .
` ` heard it was pretty country . ''
out here in the country , dogs were n't always penned up or put on leashes .
a lot of tourists visited ` ` the heart of gold country '' to relive the history of the ' 49er .
it 'd taken them twenty - nine minutes , which was n't bad for a country department made up almost entirely of volunteers .
` ` sometimes i think i am in love with you , '' he muttered as he punched the gas pedal and barreled down the country road to the farm .
his parents , also some of the wealthiest people in the area , drove a lamborghini in the parade , while sophia rode atop the bank of gold country float , dressed in a sparkly evening gown and looking like red , white and blue barbie .
not many people lived out here , in the country .
their cell phones did n't work out of country .
back home , in ` ` the heart of the gold country '' as the town slogan went , it only took one person to start a social epidemic .
she did n't want to be out of the country if something like this happened again .
15 simon 's introduction to gail 's hometown started with a sign posted on the meandering highway they 'd been traveling since leaving interstate 5 : welcome to whiskey creek , the heart of the gold country .
` ` as soon as kathy carmichael , down at kc 's gold country realty , is able to find us something suitable . ''
just a narrow country road with two neighbors farther down , where it turned to dirt .
the booths around the perimeter of the main dining area were done in lavender vinyl ; the country - style oak tables in the middle of the floor had chairs sporting cushions with big bows that could only have been hand - sewn .
` ` the gold country gazette 's right there if you want to read the paper . ''
pulling over just beyond the sign that said welcome to whiskey creek , the heart of gold country she tried to get hold of herself but almost turned her acura around .
she finally pushed away from her computer and swiveled her chair to look glumly out the large front window of her office , which revealed an entire block of stillwater 's most prominent businesses - l and b hardware , town and country furniture , cutshall 's funeral home , lambert 's auction service and let the good times roll billiards and bar .
since they 'd been driving , madeline had changed the station many times , but always from one country song to another .
being so close to nashville , he 'd expected to hear some country music , but he 'd heard nothing else .
but he was in the northeast of the state near tennessee and alabama , hill country , and it did n't look anything like he 'd imagined .
after about two miles you 'll find a country road that goes over a hill and dead - ends at a small brick cottage with ivy on one side . ''
pulling onto the shoulder of the empty country road she 'd been patrolling since midnight , she put her cruiser in park .
i guess she wants to show all us country bumpkins what a detective from the big city can do . ''
he drove down a deserted country road , then cut the engine .
1 grace montgomery pulled to the side of the narrow country road and stared at the rambling farmhouse in which she 'd grown up .
the cool , dim interior of the hill country pizza and pasta parlor finally brought grace a welcome reprieve from the heat .
a country song came on .
even my membership to the country club , '' she added with a disgusted laugh .
latisha knew they were out in the country somewhere , but that was all .
was she traveling toward town or farther into the country ?
next thing latisha knew , they were at some old house in the country . ''
because it was the fourth of july weekend , mother 's country kitchen cafe was even more packed than usual , but ava did n't mind the bustle .
but it was three years since the woman he 'd been dating on and off had moved to nashville to pursue a country music career , and he had n't been with anyone since .
` ` if you 're hoping to see cajun country , you do n't have to drive that far .
like she 'd been at seventeen , when she 'd started rambling around the country .
figuring there could n't be more than one t - bone in a town of four dozen people , even in cajun country , she did n't mention the last name , hoping to sound more familiar with fornier than she really was .
` ` to carolina 's country kitchen ? ''
usually she enjoyed going to the country club , especially when keith was home .
isaac sat in the back seat of the taxi he 'd hired at the airport and stared across a narrow country road at the house keith had entered only a few minutes earlier .
the bell rang over the door and reenie walked in , wearing a pair of jeans cut fashionably low on her hips , boots that seemed more city than country , and a thin coral sweater that hugged the slim body beneath her brown leather coat .
` ` maybe dr . russell will take it upon himself to tell the rest of us country bumpkins how to do our jobs . ''
` ` have you gone a little daft on me out there in cowboy country ? ''
considering the sophisticated , model - perfect women he used to date , she probably looked like a country bumpkin .
the nfl had been a real eye - opener for a country boy like him , who 'd been a virgin until halfway through college .
` ` there you are , '' he said as she entered a large country kitchen with wood paneling and flooring and a table that could seat at least twelve people .
she 'd rambled around the country as if ... as if ... as if she were lost , he realized .
` ` it 's just that i ' m a country girl at heart , you know ?
the music pouring from the jukebox was loud , patriotic and definitely country , but it had a good beat .
she glanced longingly at his leather interior , heard the country music playing on his stereo and could already feel her tired body sinking into his passenger seat .
his parents sent him to the country to learn about hard work and manners because he was getting into too much trouble in the city , and he turned this town on its ear in less than a month . ''
` ` he must not be a country boy . ''
rolling down the window of the ranch 's old pickup , he let the cold night air revive him , and fiddled with the radio , looking for a station that did n't play country music .
conner thought about how his grandfather had started out - as a poor country boy who 'd borrowed every dime he needed to buy land and stock his first year .
it would bring in thousands of tourists who 'd spend their money right here in dundee without destroying the country setting he 'd come to love ... .
at thirty , roderick was no longer a dirt - poor mexican boy with no prospects and no family beyond a weary mother who 'd come into the country illegally when she was barely twenty and cut lettuce in the fields of the selfish jerk who 'd impregnated her .
the country charm was no doubt calculated to make cooper seem like a trustworthy parent figure .
lots were everywhere in the mountains of north carolina - this was christmas - tree - farm country , after all - so to distinguish themselves , the drummonds offered friendliness and tradition and atmosphere .
the rental car 's engine had not yet stopped ticking when sophie understood that the idea of a college in the country , in the middle of the country - pastoral was how 'd she 'd been describing it to friends back in brooklyn - was n't so much pastoral as it was foreign , as if she 'd decided to enroll at the university of beirut .
the rental car 's engine had not yet stopped ticking when sophie understood that the idea of a college in the country , in the middle of the country - pastoral was how 'd she 'd been describing it to friends back in brooklyn - was n't so much pastoral as it was foreign , as if she 'd decided to enroll at the university of beirut .
they drove , and let mick jagger croon them over the dark country roads .
fodder for country ballads , but also the reality of my life .
we 're all into nascar , country clubs and going on about the good ol ' days . ''
politics is your mistress , not some rustic from the country , no matter how charming she may be . ''
she was raised in the country and is no doubt struck dumb by your beauty and elegance . ''
` ` at least you will have no trouble playing the country rustic . ''
` ` my cousin is young and from the country , d'albret .
i lower my eyes - a young country miss would be nervous , would she not ?
early the next morning duval and i ride out into the country .
` ` this is no country jaunt , miserere .
and country .
about the long hours or the middle - of - the - night texts - or the days when neal and georgie took the girls to disneyland , and georgie ended up sitting on the curb in critter country , talking seth through some script emergency over the phone .
all the trucks lined up in a huge circle blasting the country music and getting drunk from all the southern comfort we drank that night . ''
when i get out of here , i 'll use my ill - gotten gains to plant a huge garden on my country estate . ''
if anyone had asked , i would ' ve guessed uncomplicated country , maybe garth brooks or shania twain .
she was a country star by sixteen , thrust into the spotlight , and came to college to get an education and get lost .
i hated country music - she 's still mad at me for that - and had no idea who she was , even after she played me her top ten hit .
i 'd trust her with my life , and she 's looking for some normalcy away from the country circuit . ''
our parents know each other ; we went to the fancy schools and country clubs and tennis lessons together .
if anyone realized she was america 's country sweetheart , we 'd be outed and stuck with public scrutiny .
she 's a country music star .
there was n't a night the bar was n't surrounded by pretty young things all clamoring for the blond country boy 's attention .
he did n't do either of those things , but there was no missing his country upbringing in the way he looked and carried himself .
i did n't want to go shopping , or go to the country club for lunch .
i cruise the radio stations and choose a classic one because my only other options are country and heavy metal .
there 's country music playing from an old stereo near the tools and the air smells like cigarette smoke because everyone keeps taking smoke breaks .
i end up staying there until a couple of hours later when all the siding is put up , listening to country music and breathing in the cigarette smoke .
` ` you know , i ' ve never been a fan of country music , '' i admit as he walks back to me .
` ` what was the point of moving clear across the country so you could get away from that shit '' -i point at the joint- '' and clean up your act if you 're not really going to clean yourself up ? ''
` ` and just think , after this awesome cross country trip , we get to come back and continue discovering each other 's little quirks .
and while she did n't grow up in a castle surrounded by knolls of grassland country blossoming with flowers and trees , her simple home felt like a palace in her small town .
in the backseat , katie closed her eyes again , and for the next hundred miles , the four of us drove in near - silence , the gentle warble of country music the only sound in the car .
there was n't a place in the country someone could hide from a dozen alphas once they had his scent .
` ` bryn , i live in the country in the middle of nowhere .
from the outside , the institute looked like nothing so much as a sprawling country manor , but inside , it was state - of - the - art , immaculate , secure : a perfect match for the society itself - ancient , secretive , a thing of legend , but on the cusp of modern science all the same .
she could remember the class play , and how everyone was supposed to have a part , and how she 'd hoped and hoped and hoped that she 'd get to be the country girl who changed places with her cousin in the big city , and how , when the cast list had been posted , she was n't on it at all .
he 's from an old society family - the bloodline goes back to the old country and then some .
perfect got to go out to a fancy dinner at the country club with dad for getting straight a 's .
hell , he was engaged to a famous country singer that practically worshipped the ground he walked on .
being that we lived so deep in the country , street lights were non - existent .
i mean , the guy was all country , born and bred to wear dungarees and boots .
i ' m just a country boy . ''
it did n't matter if it was country , or rock .
i 'd bought new underwear that i could n't wait to share with noah , and even some jeans that looked like something a country chick would wear .
` ` yes , '' i looked out the window , admiring the fact that we were out of the city and driving down a country road .
right now she was singing backup for artists that were on tour , but once she got her own opportunity to shine , a country boy like me would be the last thing she needed in her life .
shelly rang me to offer me a spot on a tour of europe with a popular country band , who had a back up singer quit on them .
noah had n't really told me all of his favorite band names , but i knew he liked country music and wondered if he ever went to concerts .
there we were , on some deserted country road crying together .
once it got dark outside , we lit a big bonfire and played some country music .
i looked around the old country road and shook my head .
` ` let me show you how a country girl does it . ''
from living in the country my whole life , i knew it was safer to travel in the day where you could see all around you .
his country accent filled my ears .
those two were like the country songs about fathers waiting at home with a shotgun loaded up , ready to tear a guy a new ass .
our college was located off the beaten path forty miles from our small country town .
` ` a country boy like you knows how to text ? ''
he preferred country music over any others .
with no street lights for most of the way , i was sure to be killed and left to the animals living in a country ditch somewhere .
all i knew was that i was sitting in front of a country restaurant and it was dark outside .
not only did i enjoy the country views , but it felt like i was meant to call it home .
the service was terrible from being out in the country , but with two bars i dialed melissa 's number .
helping my mom out was getting old , especially since i 'd landed a great position at the country club .
plus this place is closer to the country club and the views here can be quite satisfying . ''
you 're a good country boy . ''
you 're tellin ' me that you 're takin ' a job out of the country and you 're brother is movin ' out of my house to live at your apartment ? ''
surely , she 'd want to see the country before going home .
i found a cabin about five miles down a mountainous country road , off the beaten path .
it gave it a country charm that i fell in love with .
the truck was bigger than i was used to driving ; at least i would be on country roads the whole way .
i knew he did n't have to work at the country club where he worked as head chef during the week , and he 'd been gone all day .
we lived in the country and i did n't give a shit if someone rode by and saw me standing outside in a towel .
the jukebox was playing some old ass country song as i walked in and i spotted a couple elderly folks playing slot machines against the far wall .
from the outside , mythos academy looked like an elite ivy league prep school , even though it was located in cypress mountain , just outside of asheville , up in the high country of western north carolina .
i know about the country club , we ' ve already joined that . ''
i 'd been to the country club with my ex , and did n't care for the snooty people that hung out there .
just because there were a lot of country back roads , did n't mean it was a safer place to be .
they were playing country , and as i entered inside i noticed people line dancing in the center .
they almost always end up at some golf course and country club . ''
he and buffy decided that we should all go to the country club to have an early dinner .
37 i hated the country club .
he took my hand as he continued down the lane of the country club .
i think chance would have enjoyed it more if he did n't always have to look over his shoulder for the idiot trevor , every time he was at the country club .
we were on a country road and had passed several old dirt driveways that were clearly abandoned or possibly hunting property .
we can have one of those country signs made over our door .
it made me nervous when we reached the country roads that a snowplow had n't even visited yet .
` ` my boyfriend forced me to sleep with him , and after several attempts he took me while other kids at the country club sat there watching us .
since they decided to have the service at the country club , we all had to pile into cars and make our way there .
we made it down the dirt entrance in no time , arriving on a country highway where i knew we were in the clear .
it 's time that city boy learns what happens when he messes with a sweet country girl . ''
once you have a taste of big sky country , you ca n't go back . ''
it was n't as if there was any great rush to return to his home in the northern california wine country .
he spent the drive home to the quiet house in the wine country thinking about what he had read , searching for weaknesses , concocting a strategy .
there was a good deal of information available because mcallister 's death had been big news among the country club set in stone canyon .
he gives them memberships at the stone canyon country club , too . ''
this was cowboy country and she was the tenderfoot from san francisco .
` ` i ca n't see the fine folks out at the stone canyon country club talking to a pi , especially if they think it might involve them in a murder investigation . ''
` ` and to think that i introduced you to everyone at the country club as a respectable consultant . ''
jake had seen enough of alison in action at the country club during the past two weeks to know that owen would be lucky to escape before midnight .
he was at the country club .
we would be asked to cancel our membership at the country club , and i would very likely have to step down from any number of boards .
forty do n't waste your time trying to convince me that buddy poole was going around the country murdering old people with some kind of paranormal weapon , '' oxley said .
she 's dating some preppy type she met at her parents ' country club . ''
colby drove down the lonely country road and thought about fate and luck and priorities .
he was already making his way between the maze of country french chairs and small , intimate tables toward the kitchen .
` ` i thought you and i might drive up into the wine country next monday . ''
the headquarters of the business was located in silicon valley , but , like a number of other successful entrepreneurs in the bay area , they liked to spend their weekends in the wine country .
folks looking for a weekend house in wine country love that kind of architecture .
today jillian was a model of what lucy had concluded was the local look - an expensive , laid - back style that was meant to convey the mystique of wine country .
today she appeared effortlessly chic and casually elegant in a way that was somehow just right for the proprietor of a clothing boutique in wine country .
` ` the wine country does n't do little black dresses , '' teresa said .
yes , i drove across the country .
most of it was in the form of property in the area that she bought years ago , when land in wine country was cheap . ''
it offered none of the amenities that people moving to wine country demanded .
quinn was seated behind the desk , studying a computer screen full of colorful images of wine country .
` ` she 'll have something to say about you leaving the wine country . ''
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned working at colfax wines , it 's how to market the wine - country image and lifestyle , '' quinn said .
` ` we knew he snuck past us getting into the country but we lost track of him two days ago . ''
the flatlands and gently rolling hill country were giving way to more rugged scenes , but the river was still tame and manageable- gryph appeared to be quite competent with the little boat .
since scaring off sabrina , he 'd been following louisa across the country , in a game of cat and mouse , one he did n't like to play .
they had a cart , and not magic - powered like the modern phaetons , but an old - fashioned , horse - drawn cart , the kind country people still used in the provinces .
` ` how can you hide this beautiful flower in that country house of yours ? ''
` ` the country is where the flowers bloom the best , '' charlotte replied .
on his borrowed harley , jace turned from the discreet plane that had flown him this far and headed down a highway that led to drier country away from the river .
tired and hot , and having hauled himself halfway across the country at dylan 's request , the last thing jace wanted to do was to ride out to the fight club .
humans and shifters were n't supposed to tangle , but out in farm and ranch country , in the middle of the night , rules did n't always stop anyone .
the music pumped on , a loud country song , but the shifters stopped dancing , talking , and drinking to watch .
the city of austin spread out to the north of them , hugging the river and its hills , the river country receding to a streak of vivid green in the otherwise dry texas brown .
deni did n't know texas like ellison did , but she knew how to get from austin across hill country west , heading through fredericksburg toward the 10 .
the man said , raising his voice over the rollicking country song playing on the old - fashioned jukebox .
austin had spread in the last twenty years toward the smaller towns around it , but once past the last strip malls and housing developments , the land rolled into hill country .
the way he danced to the country tunes at liam 's bar revealed his grace , and she felt it now as he held her without effort as she kissed him .
he stepped on the gas of his black pickup , shooting them down the highway past bastrop and out into the country .
shifters from austin and the hill country shiftertowns had gone out to help people evacuate and save what they could , though that detail had n't been made public .
though open country rolled from behind the one street of houses , she saw no sign of anyone moving through the tall grasses .
kaldar made a left turn off the highway onto a country road .
broke myka 's heart to see jillian in that bed , her body that once had enticed every male in hill country wasted , her red hair thin and dry against the white sheets .
these were two - lane roads , on a saturday night , in a part of hill country in which there was not much else to do but drink .
the jukebox had started up with a country tune that was part gritty rock .
hill country shifters take over from there . ''
the fight clubs drew shifters from shiftertowns in austin , hill country , san antonio , and from as far away as houston to the east , waco to the north , and san angelo to the west .
but though the man knew how to move product , he needed someone on the street to sell it for him , and some of his hill country contacts had moved elsewhere .
they stepped under the thick trees that grew so well in texas hill country , the branches blotting out stars , moon , and lights around the big barn .
louisa knew half the girls in london and was close friends with half of those - had been their bridesmaids , held their first children , gossiped with them , shared their memories of growing up in privileged mayfair and country estates .
gil led louisa away , keeping such a quick pace she did n't have time to say anything to him until they stood in line for the opening dance , an old - fashioned country dance .
waltzing would take up the rest of the night - with pauses for scottish reels , since this was a mackenzie party after all - but isabella always opened her balls with country dances .
southdown had been a pleasant enough chap in the english country gentleman sort of way .
she looked like any housekeeper or cook in a country home .
we 're in louisiana now , in the country , in one of the mirror 's safe houses . ''
they turned down an inky - black road past bastrop and rode across open country .
i thought she and her kids were killed in a car accident on a back highway in hill country .
some of his clan missed the cool air of the rockies , but ellison rowe embraced texas hill country , even with its humidity , mosquitoes , bad traffic , and state congressmen .
the jukebox was going full blast , some country music tune ellison had keyed in .
they 'd left hill country behind and had reached the deserts of south texas .
it proclaimed that this place was his , not only the warehouse or shiftertown , but everything for miles : the city , hill country , as far as liam could roam .
another , smaller shiftertown existed in back hill country , up toward llano .
low in your pack , here at the mercy of the most powerful shifters in hill country .
across the room , ellison started up the jukebox with a rocking country tune .
ellison liked all music , as long as it was country and the singer was from texas .
` ` oh , we 're just simple country folk . ''
he took it across the country into the edge .
the music was country , because that 's what donovan had loved .
this was siesta country , where everyone slept during the heat of the day .
i was n't used to being out in the country , and i was n't used to talking to panthers who 'd become human .
eric took them north , out of the city , back to the empty country .
` ` it would take you too long to cross that country on foot , and any vehicle will be seen .
he pushed buttons until a country song filled the car , a man and a woman singing about kissing each other .
scents and sound rushed at him , the beast gleeful to be in open country , far from the confinement of shiftertown .
tiger waited , the beast in him pleased by the open country , the vast sky overhead .
the case had gained the attention of scotland yard , and all four brothers had removed themselves from the country for a time .
` ` yes , i ' ve made inquiries and found one country squire from surrey called hilton yardley .
the carriage turned from the country road to a wide , straight lane lined with trees .
i must confess i ' m not used to the country .
my mother was country born , but i lived in london from an early age and strayed outside the metropolis only when mrs . barrington saw fit to go to brighton and pretend she liked the sea . ''
chapter 4 the smitten groom of mount street has purchased his lady a country cottage in buckinghamshire where she hosts charity garden fetes now that the weather has grown warm and town swelters .
the house was currently empty , mac knew , the family away in the country .
` ` most of my friends are off in the country riding horses or shooting things .
his skin was bronzed above the waist , paler below where his kilt would cover him from country sunshine .
hart had hired a house a little outside of doncaster , the country home of a gentleman whose income had dwindled too drastically for him to keep up such a large abode .
my seasons are always full , and i 'll not send my child packing to the country so i do n't have to be bothered with her while i ' m entertaining guests . ''
these exquisite paintings are the work of lord mac mackenzie , although his lordship has retired to the country in scotland , and it is assumed that he has finished with painting pictures of venetian canals .
louisa was not so sanguine , but isabella promised that louisa would spend so much time at kilmorgan and in isabella 's house in london that she 'd be in no danger of moldering in the country .
phyllida and the shepherdess laughed and flirted with the gentlemen without compunction as they rolled along the country road .
the man enjoyed gathering the most scandalous people in the country to his house , mixing them with courtesans both male and female , and standing back to watch what happened .
he took the ghillie along , but i did n't trust him not to double back , get himself and the shotgun onto a horse , and ride across country to the asylum where ian still resided .
hart agonized over the decision but concluded that eleanor and her father well might be safer in public , with mac to guard them , than they would alone in a coach on some empty stretch of country road .
or you 'll pass from country house to country house , living with friends , but i know you - you 'll feel horribly ashamed and believe you 're taking advantage of them . ''
or you 'll pass from country house to country house , living with friends , but i know you - you 'll feel horribly ashamed and believe you 're taking advantage of them . ''
euston station in london was crowded when they arrived , so many people traveling up and down the country .
wild country was what he needed .
that will indicate to the neighbors that we plan to settle here , and are not simply city dwellers looking to spend an idle week in the country .
i might be buried out here , but i know every scottish family this side of the country and on up into the orkneys , and i get stacks and stacks of letters . ''
juliana had told herself that she 'd worded the missive that way because she had no way of knowing whether the three younger male mcbrides would be in the country for the occasion .
` ` i know every inch of these lands , and your husband 's only after a poacher , probably a lad from rougher country where the hunting 's not so good .
we ran clear across the country .
friends who kissed , flew in balloons together , and shared dinners at out - of - the - way country inns .
` ` city folk come out seeking country air in the summer , and sometimes the shooting parties get this far , but in spring , with the planting , and city folk keeping to their theatres and operas , not many come out to see us . ''
she learned everything about him while you were gallivanting in the country , leaving your poor mother all alone in a strange city . ''
simple french country fare can be the best in the world . ''
you flit about the world from country to country , car race to balloon race to horse race , city to city , woman to woman .
you flit about the world from country to country , car race to balloon race to horse race , city to city , woman to woman .
to take her to the country inn ?
he must mean going back to the country inn .
daniel had been on his way to see violet again , ready to sweep her away for another adventure in the country .
me , your friends , country innkeepers , your glittering courtesans ... '' violet broke off , snapping her mouth shut , as though she had n't meant to say the last .
` ` the night we got back from the country .
violet had lived so much in cities , with cobblestones beneath her boots , that she 'd never experienced a country spring .
the country frightened her .
of course violet should have time with her friends in the country , celine said .
mary , who also had a horror of the country , would remain with her to look after things .
daniel rode across a bridge over one of the canal 's locks and south , winding into more remote country .
i got out of the town , out of the country , out of that part of the world . ''
violet had brought up the memory of daniel sharing the cigarette with her in london , and lying with her in the bed in the country inn .
the small farms became square patches in the rugged country of the highlands , and tree - covered hills spread before them .
english society was supposed to be off in the country shooting things or preparing for a country christmas , but both his front and back parlors , the large doors open between them , were stuffed full of guests .
english society was supposed to be off in the country shooting things or preparing for a country christmas , but both his front and back parlors , the large doors open between them , were stuffed full of guests .
peter always wondered about the stories behind these abandoned cars , left like orphaned children on country roads .
because it 's exactly these sorts of people - the ones who everyone 's always underestimating - that you want at your side when you 're running away from home , or driving the length of the country , or feeling somewhat confused as to your own illogical intentions .
` ` think he would ' ve been a city mouse or a country mouse ? ''
` ` just drive out west , see the country ... '' emma swung her head around and gave him an odd look , like she had n't quite heard him correctly , or was wishing that that were the case .
but she dreaded having to give up her spot in the course to some trust - fund kid who 'd spent her summer lying by the pool at a country club .
still , the idea of the two of them crossing the country together , listening to music as the horizon rolled past , had been enough to make her smile .
the wedding is bigger than she 'd imagined ; for months she 's been picturing a small country church filled with a few close friends .
ten minutes later , with the help of his directions , hadley finds herself in the lobby of the kensington arms hotel , a sprawling mansion that seems out of place amid the crowded city streets , like it was plucked from a country estate and dropped at random here in london .
hadley tries to picture what their house might look like , but can only call to mind some english country cottage she 'd probably seen in a movie .
they 'd crisscrossed the country , camping out under the stars or sleeping curled in the backseat , whittling away their meager savings as they made their way across every state but hawaii and alaska .
` ` you ' ve got to stop acting like such a country mouse , '' dad said , clapping him on the back .
they were taking their time , inching their way across the country with only the concern over finding a school to propel them forward , though even that felt somewhat insubstantial .
denise forced herself to arrange the napkin neatly on her lap , pick up her silverware , and cut the contents of the next container - country fried steak and eggs , her favorite !
` ` the dolly paranoids are sort of a country speed - metal band . ''
` ` like , the country ? ''
he and my mom were big on the country club , dinner party , charity ball scene , because it was good for his business .
most people understood the debutante ball as a place where rich girls made a lot of affected movements and got ` ` presented '' to the rich boys who went to the same country club .
sometimes a country speed - metal song was just a country speed - metal song .
sometimes a country speed - metal song was just a country speed - metal song .
` ` people complain about traveling the whole summer , eating peanut butter sandwiches three meals a day , and sleeping on school gym floors all over the country , but that sounds fun to me .
nicotine pumped through me and made me dizzy as i turned to run for the country music trailer .
i knew it was him by his favorite country band blaring from the open windows .
the girl 's cackle rose above the country music and the noise of the idling truck .
alec tried to explain to me that he preferred country music but his player did n't dock with the contraption they used in the hangar .
he reached forward and turned up the volume on the car radio , which was tuned to a country station .
it beat country radio and silence .
we rode in silence for several minutes , except for the country music on the radio , and molly hiccupping .
you 'll kick some country butt with your bad pink - haired self and be back in nyc before you know it .
she hated country music , but business was business .
everyone knew they should have won the country music award for top new vocal group their freshman year but were snubbed because they were an affront to family values .
the cheatin ' hearts suddenly looked more like professional wrestlers than country music superstars .
quentin had recovered sufficiently in time for the band to attend the academy of country music awards .
it had been the phone call tipping them off that quentin would quit the band , tearing apart this cash cow of a country supergroup , before they delivered their third album .
it 's unusual to hear a country song about backdoor action . ''
i ' m going to tell them that they should look around for a more dependable country act that can deliver as per contract . ''
` ` course , that still was n't much of a living , and my dad resented getting dragged around the country and growing up poor .
if people wanted a hot mess with their country music , that 's what we 'd be .
` ` when we started setting up fights , '' he said , ` ` our local fan base increased , because we were n't just getting the country music fans anymore .
if he was going to understand that membership in a redneck country band was not consistent with an interest in nineteenth - century russian literature , he was going to come to this understanding very , very slowly .
` ` it 's your friendly neighborhood country music legend , quentin cox . ''
` ` because youngest children are the ones who join sex - crazed country bands .
but she took a bowl quentin 's stepmother passed her and did n't elaborate , as if an uneducated country boy speaking hindi was weird , but not that weird .
but the tension melted when they saw that the red bikini sarah had bought at target was identical to the one erin wore , and with their country heels and toe rings on , they looked comically like they 'd planned to dress as twins .
` ` i guess country floozy and rock ' n ' roll floozy are n't all that different . ''
they reached the top of the hill and looked down at the stage loud with country music .
his whole life was a country song .
your drama with the country star is at least as entertaining as any of these reality shows about rednecks .
he was a character in a sad country song .
a lot of them were friends of my granddad 's from nashville , country music insiders .
more country music stars will drop by to give you child care tips .
the lyrics that played in her head , strong and loud , were that she 'd had sex with quentin cox the country singer .
he said badass country music stars do n't play with an orchestra until they 're ready for their greatest hits album and liposuction .
he 's a hot med student country star !
she was going to die here in the methmobile of an induced allergy attack at the hands of a demented rock star while the man she loved played a country concert under vulcan 's bare bu**ocks .
` ` i hate country music , '' said nine lives .
` ` i see a future for me as the lead singer of a country band called the cheatin ' hearts .
she looked pretty and young , like an english country lass in a commercial for milk or apples , except the look in her eye said she had some sharp farm implements she would like to stab him with back in the barn .
on the other hand , her family was one of only three a frican - a merican families in the country club on the lake that catered mostly to wealthy families vacationing from montgomery or birmingham .
` ` a t school they call me a good ia boy because i ' m from the country .
how grateful i was that he would hitch a ride across birmingham and drag his cool friends to his country high school football game to see me .
at a typical country dance , one of her friends from the neighborhood would have strategically interrupted the exchange , drawing a grateful rebecca away from the gentlemans attentions .
this was no country dance .
the only way to pull off this affair without being cast into her bedchamber until her coming - of - age , and without causing david to be let go , or , much worse , to become a victim of country justice , was to have an excuse available at all times .
this seemed strange to him because he was from horse country , where fences were made of limestone boulders that workers had dug up from the ground in 1900 , where crops were dried in barns painted black to take best advantage of the warm sun , where the grass was green year - round because of the sun and the rain and the nourishing limestone breaking down deep under the ground .
i expected someone , maybe even a treacherous manohar or brian , to point out that the narrators horse country place of origin was not long island .
with his blond hair styled just so and mussed a little by the breeze , he looked like his father owned the country club .
he loves country music .
a few minutes passed wherein the truck hummed , country music twanged on the radio , and i read the same paragraph in my history book four times .
this is a slow country song , he whispered , his voice audible over the throbbing techno beat only because his lips moved against my ear .
at the very least , i would have thought he 'd listen to a country station .
just like doug leaning on his crutches in the middle of the country highway , smaller and smaller until his green eyes disappeared .
i drove down the country highway , toward the beach and the wharf , puzzling this out .
the country highway i 'd driven down a million times looked like a postcard today with the trees turning yellow and red .
` ` you like country music ? ''
you are beautiful , not the exotic type , more country beautiful .
one of the first things skylynn had done after she got home was drive out to the country where she had released half a dozen mice and a handful of baby rats .
` ` the way you go gallivantin ' around the country , you might need it someday , '' he 'd often said .
` ` pretty country down there .
and hard upon that thought came every rumor she had ever heard of the man , every bit of idle country gossip , every lurid tale .
in the city , it was unheard of for a pregnant woman to entertain or to accept invitations , but here , in the country , it was common for women to go out in society until their condition was quite pronounced .
cowboys and indians , old sitcoms , country music videos , news , weather , and sports .
i liked it that the first few pages of the newspaper reported on what was happening in oak hollow - daisy parker delivered a healthy , seven - pound baby boy on sunday ; jeffrey madden pitched a no - hitter at the high school softball game saturday night ; emma watson 's strawberry preserves won first prize at the river 's edge country fair ; ed stefan and laura peterson were engaged .
and what were they doing in oak hollow when they were supposed to be out of the country ?
i listened as they broke into their rendition of the latest country hit , but my mind was n't on the music .
i loved playing the part of a southern belle , adored the clothes of the period , the long dresses and longer courtships , the dainty hats and gloves , the enormous petticoats , the balls and cotillions , the country barbeques .
or if he 's even in the country .
no matter how wonderful it might be to wish herself across the country or dissolve into mist or live forever , she did n't want to be one of the undead .
that 's such a country boy name .
colton kept his eyes glued straight ahead as he drove down the country road leading into town .
` ` it 's country western themed . ''
i guess i just was n't country girl enough .
` ` are you a country boy then ? ''
the open , country road was the perfect place to let out my frustration .
` ` do you like country music ? ''
` ` maybe i do listen to country . ''
` ` bad country is the easy one to define - anything twangy . ''
` ` she likes country music . ''
` ` she 's fixing country - fried steak and sweet potatoes and green beans she put up last year , for lunch , '' i added , knowing that would distract jason a little bit .
i grew up in the country .
` ` sam 's bartending at an anniversary party at the country club , '' i said .
aside from the country club , lalaurie 's was the only restaurant with any pretensions in the bon temps area .
i was feeling more and more like the poor country cousin .
` ` we need to take him out to the country somewhere .
` ` actually , we , ah ... '' ` ` we dumped him out in the country , '' alcide said .
` ` and how did you come to be out in the country ? ''
the boots did n't go with the rest of his clothes , and i was willing to bet he kept them in his truck for when he had to go tromping around out in the country where the ground was less than dry .
dovie had been the more sophisticated city cousin , down in the country to correct all our local yokel ways .
there was a liquor store or two , and then a country store at a crossroads that had a prominent cold beer and bait sign left over from the summer and propped up facing the road .
at the same time , i had to admit that i was kind of having fun , despite the difficulties of keeping a grip on eric in this gently rolling country .
i live pretty far out in the country , and you have to want to be at my house to find the way .
` ` a werepanther from out in the country somewhere offered the land to us as a midway point , a neutral zone .
there was an afterhours place that sam pretended he did n't know about , way out in the country , but most of the merlotte 's regulars would be going home to bed .
crystal lived in a tiny community some miles out in the country - and let me tell you , out in the country from bon temps , louisiana , is really out in the country .
crystal lived in a tiny community some miles out in the country - and let me tell you , out in the country from bon temps , louisiana , is really out in the country .
crystal lived in a tiny community some miles out in the country - and let me tell you , out in the country from bon temps , louisiana , is really out in the country .
all i needed was a membership to the country club .
once out of sight of the old railroad tracks , the country became increasingly unpopulated until for two or three miles we saw no lights of any kind .
no country mouse , me .
it was a peeling , white ramshackle building way out in the country .
it was out in the country , out farther west than arlene 's trailer , and though it was visible from the road , it had a pond and several acres lying behind it .
city girl , country girl .
pat asked , as the car turned onto a dark country lane .
i told sam this bit of local history after we 'd ordered country - fried steak with green beans and rice .
you 'd think , living out in the country at the end of a long driveway through the woods , that i would have plenty of warning of guests .
` ` i ran into him at the country club . ''
so tell me , is this guy hot , or is he a loafer - wearing , country club douche ? ''
lifting his knee , he angles himself toward me on the sofa and asks , ` ` so , how come i ' ve never seen you at the country club before ?
` ` well , candace is dating a douche from mommy and daddy 's country club , '' she says as she winks at me .
thanksgiving is this thursday , and she loves putting on a show at the country club .
aiming to keep the focus off of me , i ask her about how the planning is coming along for the annual christmas party at the seattle golf and country club that she heads every year .
when i pull up to the prestigious seattle golf and country club , i am greeted by one of the valets .
laughing at me , he jokes , ` ` is that how they taught you to eat at the country club ? ''
instead , for my sixth birthday , i had a tea party at the country club .
` ` well , candace is dating a douche from mommy and daddy 's country club , '' kimber says as she winks at candace .
do n't get me wrong , they 're good people , but ... let me put it this way : last summer , alexandra had us all up to her parents ' country place for mackenzie 's birthday .
imagine a car 's going sixty miles an hour down a country road and a tree falls and the car hits it .
there 's a country song with lyrics i like : ' i do n't want easy , i want crazy . ' ''
then i drive up to drew 's parents ' country place for the day 's festivities .
we sit and she tells me about the mums she 's growing and the latest goings - on at the country club .
asks frank fisher , as he sits at the dining - room table of my parents ' country house on thanksgiving day .
the warm wood floors and country - style decor make me feel like i should be drinking a glass of lemonade while putting my feet up .
when i moved to tennessee , i wanted to buy a house in the country on a couple acres , but i just could n't afford it , '' i explain with a smile .
` ` i always wanted to live in the country , and the money from selling my house can buy it .
we 're in the process of moving from the townhouse to our new country home .
sophie got her dream - her large house in the country that we filled with kids .
of course , della and kaeaskavi are only together these days when we 're at the country house .
not someplace he 'd care to stay for an extended period of time , but it would be fine for a country weekend .
so i did hear about the party at lady rhea 's country house and how vulchera foolishly tried to ensnare the warlord prince of dhemlan in a bit of sexual blackmail . ''
` ` i know cassidy is a country girl from a trademan 's family who ca n't talk about anything except livestock and crops and would n't know how to sit at a table with a true aristo if all your lives depended on it . ''
` ` since we were at rhea 's country home , there was only one shop that carried items suited for an aristo purse .
he 'd listened to jaenelle 's account of daemon 's return from the visit to lady rhea 's country house , and he heard the concern in her voice .
` ` first , '' he said as he prowled in front of the destroyed sofa , ` ` you 're forgetting that when daemon was a pleasure slave , the kind of gathering rhea had arranged at her country house had been his hunting ground .
` ` daemon walks into his room at the province queen 's country house and finds a woman waiting for him , a woman who has been openly flirting with him and now indicates that she wants the kind of attention a married man reserves for his wife .
she 'd wanted only to give him a twinge of discomfort , a little payback because the other men who had been present at rhea 's country house had taken a good measure of sadi 's feelings and avoided her .
having heard about what had happened at lady rhea 's country house '' -he shot a nervous look at daemon- '' my wife went up to confirm that my ' friend ' was in the guest room that had been assigned to her .
there was the rest of the country casserole marian had made for dinner last night .
hekatah was a red - jeweled priestess from one of hayll 's hundred families , and she looked at the territory of dhemlan in much the same way that she looked at her family 's country estates ... as something quaint and inferior ... and valued only for what she could take from it .
there 's no reason why she ca n't provide you with some company while she 's staying in the country . ''
` ` take her to the country house as arranged , and keep her there until i say otherwise , '' lektra said .
` ` gets boring in the country , '' he growled .
he 'd probably seen her at a party or some other public gathering , maybe had even danced with her , a transient partner in one of those country dances .
the next day , when he and olvan were taking a rambling walk along one of the country lanes near their village , the queen of the province and twelve of her guards came riding up .
all he knew for sure was that they were traveling through rough country , always heading west or northwest , and had n't seen anyone since they 'd left the inn .
the rustling quiet and blanket dark of a country night unnerved him , and despite not being able to sense another presence , he could n't shake the feeling he was being watched .
the wolfs reference points for a ` ` proper human den '' included the hall , the cottages in halaway , the family 's other country houses , and jaenelle 's cabin .
but if a red - jeweled black widow high priestess was staying at the country lodge she kept for more vigorous and imaginative evenings , and if he happened to become aware of a witch living there quietly ... well , her psychic scent permeated the place and he might not take the time to distinguish between the scent of the place and the occupant 's psychic scent .
` ` i have a lodge in the country , about an hour 's carriage ride from draega .
` ` we 're going to see duana 's country house ?
oh , i know duana 's busy and prefers living in her country house near tuathal , but this land needs to be sung awake .
it was a gorgeous fall day , and with the leaves crunching underfoot and the smell of autumn in the air , it was easy to forget we were n't out in the country .
people from all over southern california had been invited to the wedding tomorrow , being held at one of san diego 's toniest country clubs .
a membership to the right country club .
` ` country club ?
he 'd be out of the country and away from monterey for- ` ` three months ?
we enjoyed a very comfortable life , we belonged to a country club , we went to private schools , we vacationed every summer , christmas , and spring break , and my parents each drove a new mercedes every two years .
the mysterious phone call in the middle of the night , the move across the country , the cowboy riding a horse on the beach without a shirt on ?
my mom 's charity fund - raising banners and posters , country french decorations , collection of stone turkeys , shadow boxes full of miniatures .
like country time ? ''
so clive was now a country cat .
with the trip cross country , it was already dark by the time we got to the part of town simon grew up , but he lit up when he began to call out places he recognized .
it would have been a great life : working with my dad , country club , big house in the ' burbs .
he asked , his voice deep and thick , like molasses and honey and all things afghan - blanket , not country .
devon and i leave just before lunch on our cross country drive to los angeles .
we both like country music , so thankfully there are no arguments over whose music we have to listen to .
he 's also never been out of the country , still lives down the road from his parents , and likes to play chess in his spare time .
maybe a country girl who 'll cook good meals and look after you .
all in all , it looks like daniel comes from good quality , country club stock .
` ` next you 'll be telling me you own a country club or something too . ''
they talk about their country club , the gated community where they lived , and daniel 's two sisters and brother who i discovered are all older than him .
you know , country mouse in gotham , that kind of thing . ''
` ` it 's a small town , kind of in the country .
switching to country did n't help .
` ` we ' ve nailed down a spot in ukrainian village - some of our members have connections to the neighborhood from the old country . ''
the air was thick with the smells of batter and beer and people and sweat and trash , and the sound of a thousand conversations and sizzling food and the country band on the make - do stage was nearly enough to overwhelm my senses .
it was a working - class neighborhood with churches and food and people from the old country , and it was home to the unofficial chicago headquarters of the north american central pack , a bar caled little red .
the perky sound of a country song - the lyrics about partying hard after a long day of work on the graveyard shift - suddenly filled the car , emanating from the speakerphone .
he was also a protector of mallory - at least until her magical misanthropy - a lover of lifetime movies , and , so it seemed , a lover of country music .
i had no objections to country music .
` ` enjoy the country music , do you ? ''
cadogan was one of the few houses that still allowed drinking , and we took crap around the country - and from the gp - for doing it .
a low , sad tune played on the jukebox - a crooning country music song from the seventies or eighties , when buckles were big and hair was bigger .
chapter thirteen upstart country i trekked back upstairs , dumped the shoes into the closet , and peeled off the dress .
i had n't seen a jukebox in years , so i scanned the music choices , which ran the gamut from top 40 to classic country , heavy on the big hair and sequin vests .
the night was dark , the country roads essentially empty and thankfully clear of elven armies .
i was no country mouse , and i normally thrived on the energy of downtown chicago .
dani had her bare feet propped up on the dash , singing along horribly to a country song on the radio .
it 's a rough country .
i preferred pop and country music .
she felt the descent and as she looked down , her acquired vampire vision warmed up the country setting below : a small french town , a nearby river , trees , lots of trees , farm country in broad stretches surrounding the town .
she felt the descent and as she looked down , her acquired vampire vision warmed up the country setting below : a small french town , a nearby river , trees , lots of trees , farm country in broad stretches surrounding the town .
of course , he 'd been off duty for three weeks chasing her across the country and back , which meant he 'd been off the ketel one .
but this shape required effort , since he was in many ways the opposite of this man , the one alison had once said reminded her of an english country gentleman .
in march , in high country , the air was cool enough so that he had a fire crackling on the hearth .
his family had owned a small country house for over a century and had worked their vineyards and olive groves for multiple centuries before that .
we had a farm , the most beautiful farm with dry - stone walls to keep the sheep in their pastures , turnstiles like the old country . ''
she made a twang sound , and he picked up on the fact that it was a country tune .
she can be a country vet . ''
because otherwise i might drive them out into the country and leave them in a cornfield . ''
my parents had a pool and so did the country club my dad golfed at .
` ` born and raised on the country estate , quite a bit of money , daddy works in the big city , gone all the time , mom has horses ... and i see women , lots of women , talking , laughing , standing , passing teacups - and you , legs together , back straight , hands in lap . ''
in considering the matter , i conceded that while i might be disgusted , i could ignore a dalliance of damien 's in town with a paid companion , but i could not abide a liaison with a lady , one of our neighbors , right under my nose in the country .
no stores , businesses , or banks were open , as those who could had fled to the country , and all conveyances were pressed into service as hearses , while the cloud of the smoke from burning bodies created a stinging mist that lingered for days .
sometimes i 'd thought that was why i loved to run , why i had joined cross country in middle school .
i had stopped running cross country when i 'd started college because of time constraints .
i had almost forgotten i 'd wanted to be a teacher and a cross country coach , or at the very least had shoved it to the back of my mind .
forcing myself to get dressed , i wished there was enough snow to go cross country skiing , but there was only a smattering .
it was too easy , and i got a sick thrill at the voyeurism of seeing what he was doing in new york while i stayed in his country house .
if he could n't fix it , he could n't get the hell out of here , and he was going to be forced to deal with country enigmas like shelby tucker on a daily basis .
christ , he needed a freaking interpreter between her country accent and her weird and vague announcements .
he was thinking more along the lines of insane , but maybe that 's what sweet meant in the country .
the country version of air - conditioning .
because boston could n't give her the cozy country home and children she craved , and he would never even want to try .
she 'd had enough of cuttersville for one morning and had gone back to the gray house to take a nap , and probably buff the country air out of her pores .
no games , no flirtations , no selfish maneuvering , just a humid country night and desire etched plainly across her face .
i 'd get lost on the subway thingy , thieves would peg me as an easy hit , and all those women prancing around with fancy jobs and even fancier black wardrobes would leave me feeling like a country cow . ''
visiting the country had been a lark to quell boredom , and following boston macnamara to cuttersville had given her both a destination , and another way to piss her father off .
maybe she had been in the country too long , ogling brawny farmers and getting back to nature .
that 's why she was nesting in the country , to relax .
coming to the country in a quest for a better male specimen was doomed to failure .
good god , the country air was affecting her sanity .
if she wanted to sink her claws into a man , it would n't be him , a country bumpkin if ever there was one .
rude country kids .
a peek in the mirror showed the country was killing her .
he 'd forgotten what the country was like , how still the air was , how quiet .
the sweet country air was perfect for a cigarette .
only a country girl would agree to do this , and he was feeling a whole new appreciation for farmers ' daughters .
she smelled like bonfire and whiskey and sweet country air , and he knew that as soon as this party started winding down , they were going back to her place .
` ` has the born and bred city girl been converted to a country girl ? ''
i think it 's the country girl in me . ''
even when i did n't want to , all i could think about was coming back for the summer and bein ' in the country again .
how we can live in the country , in the quiet , and never feel the need to leave . ''
the guy should be on a goddamn ranch , not behind a small country bar .
not for the first time , i wonder how growing up in a small , country beach town made my mum into london 's favourite socialite .
` ` is the big city girl starting to like small country living ? ''
` ` i ' m a country boy , princess .
he went into the garden to play in the mud - that 's okay , really , he 's a country boy - but you should know that my boy had a thing for being naked . ''
i think we can say i ' m a country girl .
ca n't have a small town country girl getting lost in the big city . ''
` ` i know that , princess , but carl 's too much of a country boy .
did you need a country bumpkin to keep life exciting ? ''
` ` city boy or country boy , that does n't matter .
lay one finger on that ` ` country bumpkin '' and this country bumpkin will string your f**king balls from big ben .
lay one finger on that ` ` country bumpkin '' and this country bumpkin will string your f**king balls from big ben .
` ` ... if jayna tries anything i will go country bumpkin ninja bitch on her ass . ''
` ` country bumpkin against a city ... a city what ? ''
` ` like i told lexy , if anyone tries anything , i will go country bumpkin ninja bitch on them .
we - dirty b. , the burke brothers , whatever you want to call us - could live anywhere in the country .
every heartbroken word , every drawl that sets hearts pounding around the country , every hidden plea , were hers .
growing up in london and spending half - term holidays in my paternal grandparents ' country house means i ' m no stranger to nature or parks , but i can honestly say none of them hold a candle to this place .
stu 's car swerved on the tight country road as he tried to avoid the oncoming car , but the line went dead at the same time a scream left my body and selena slammed on her breaks .
since luisa left last month , they ' ve been holding secret shoots around the country , and i got you one of the last in the north west . ''
the lush landscape along the shebelle offered a stark contrast to the scrub brush and cracked dry places of desperation elsewhere in the country .
he had one elbow crooked out of the open window , country music drifting from the radio .
he believed in the mission with every cell in his body , just as both his parents had been willing to give all for country .
the slow pace of the country and the mellow italian sun had pulled him out of his slump .
while called a villa , the italianate - style country home was quite clearly a mansion , newly built with an amalgamation of all bells and whistles from ornate bracket - corbels to balconies with renaissance balustrading .
beyond the front gate , he checked left , then right , not that there was much risk of oncoming traffic leading into the country estate .
` ` you ' ve got the country right , different japanese technique though .
kutros careened the utility vehicle around a corner on the unlit country road about ten miles north of adana.a tail ?
` ` alone together , jetting around the country on the mcnair corporate airplane ? ''
she should have swapped her ringtone to some broken heart , broken truck country song .
the country music star ? ''
` ` marge 's diner serves up good country cooking , but i do n't want to leave emily here alone to deal with all those tourists . ''
her heart kicked up pace faster than the cars swishing past on the country road beyond the mask of pine trees .
five years ago he 'd snuck tomas out of the country so ramon chavez would n't get his hands on the boy and indoctrinate him .
a lot of times he was out of the country on tdys and deployments .
even if she did n't live clear across country , even if her husband had n't pointed a gun at his head , he would not risk upsetting kirstie 's world .
bo hitched his elbow on the open window , breeze heavy with hints of fresh - mown hay and country hits from the radio .
his fingers tapped along the steering wheel in a tuneless match to the piano in the country ballad .
only seven days since bo moved in and already his presence filled her life as surely as his music filled the air- country tunes tonight , soft and low enough to soothe a child to sleep .
swiping his wrist under his nose , vic shifted back to all gruff country vet again .
after a mad dash across town for privacy- a mad dash across the country since they 'd left north dakota , for that matter - finally they were alone .
nostalgia nicked her , the low country of south carolina so like her savannah home .
she reached for the radio , scanned , passed up an oldies channel , soft rock , country , waiting for something like ... polka music .
` ` about the cab- '' ` ` forget it , '' he said as they passed a restaurant on stilts by the low country 's bog , the site of their second date .
of course , in two weeks there would be three thousand miles between them when he transferred cross country to mcchord afb in washington .
she refused to live her life as the scared little country girl she 'd once been , hiding in her room , too afraid to slip out and grab a mushy apple from behind mom 's beer .
because she had a few things to say to her mother that could n't wait until the next time the woman flitted into the country .
at the country club ?
my parents were always out at the country club or at business dinners .
` ` i may be a member of the westchester country club where you wanted that sous - chef position . ''
apparently , having discovered that the judge 's decision had n't affected their status with the country club set , their granddaughter no longer fit into their plans .
macy had given her the address for the country club where the event was being held , and as she pulled up to the filled parking lot , nerves assailed her .
there was nothing about her he found appealing , not her personality or her looks from what he could see - and hear - because she had n't stopped talking since they left the country club .
hardwood floors and a country - styled area rug immediately bespoke a cozy home .
she would be across the country , in california with the brother she adored .
though grace had divorced herself from the snooty country club set back home , she 'd kept in touch with her closest friends .
they ' ve hired me to do the photos and layout for their new brochure and a spread in town and country magazine .
` ` alice , i ' m visiting my granddaughter but i 'll be home tomorrow in time for the charity benefit at wild acres country club .
according to the report i have , he has a fully stocked bar , visits his country club daily where he passes the afternoons watching the stock market on the tv screen , and he always has a drink in his hand . ''
and if their country club friends found out leah had abandoned her daughter and not enrolled her in an exclusive boarding school as she 'd claimed , the lives they enjoyed would be over .
meanwhile , his parents had financed any and all extracurricular activities brad wanted , including country club membership and expenses .
the money , the country club , all the things that at the time , trevor could never be sure he 'd be able to provide .
over the years , as trevor had escorted various dates to these types of evenings , he 'd envied bradley banks , thinking the man was taking lissa to country club events , showing her off and then taking her home and making love to her .
after all , if her husband , the man whose baby she 'd borne and who 'd married her , had n't seen her as country club material , why would trevor 's business associates and friends see her any differently ?
her clothes both emulated and represented what she 'd always disdained in her own mother - the useless country club lifestyle that killed time and probably brain cells .
unable to have children of her own , caroline bretton had been one of lanie 's country club friends who busied herself with tennis , golf , mah jong , and whatever other social activities could keep her busy .
thomas and hank corwin had n't lost their builder 's touch , gabrielle thought , glancing around the interior , which retained a country charm .
` ` bobby , honey , were you able to get us into the country club for dinner ? ''
mike slammed on his brakes , narrowly missing the animal in the middle of the old country road leading to his father 's house .
` ` better yet , what kind of a psycho woman follows a man across the country and then proceeds to feed his friends and coworkers ? ''
` ` i guess there really is a difference between the city and the country mouse . ''
how naive could she be , thinking a hot baseball player would be interested in a country bumpkin ?
` ` we 're gon na have a firm party at one of the upstate country clubs , '' he announced without preamble .
simon 's parents were hardcore country clubbers , and also jerks who could n't seem to accept that their son was , in fact , g*y and not just ` ` rebelling '' or ` ` going through a phase . ''
my aunt has two other small children and she lives out in the country in new hampshire .
he finally settled on the country station and i hummed along to ` ` follow your arrow '' by kacey musgraves .
pop , rock , country , rap , oldies , whatever .
then , when she realized she knew very little about the country , she added inanely , ` ` they make lovely crystal there . ''
he kept regular hours , held a membership at a country club where he played tennis on the weekends , subscribed to the opera , held a position on the board of directors of the emerson academy .
just slow driving through the country .
we 'll have to go to william greaves 's country house outside bath and hunt around like farmers ' wives after chicken eggs . ''
` ` how do you propose we get into greaves 's country house ?
` ` i doubt it , '' montgomery purred , ` ` since he 'll be holding a country party in a little over a fortnight 's time with an especial play as the centerpiece of the event .
and then , on the third day , she found the first skeleton ... -from the minotaur two weeks later lily looked up at the gray stone facade of william greaves 's country house and thought she should be excited .
in normal circumstances she 'd be enjoying herself immensely : a country house , a party , genial colleagues , and the prospect of a week 's worth of good food .
my sister and mother lived very simply in the country because of it .
so she danced a country dance with mr . warner , and then another with mr . macleish .
so i left the city for a little while , playing in smaller towns , traveling about the country with maude and the baby and a very young wet nurse .
they 'd lived in the country , then , just she , apollo , papa , and mama .
penelope began prattling about dogs and dresses and fashion and the house party at the duke of wakefield 's country residence they would soon attend .
presumably he was there to welcome his guests to the country party - although one would never know it from his unsmiling face .
i confess it quite puts my own country seat , clareton , to shame .
the earl of brightmore had a country residence , naturally , but neither he nor penelope ever went there .
artemis had n't been back to the country in years , and she had n't had a proper run on grass since ... well , since she 'd been forced to leave her childhood home .
my mr . jellett left me only a small garden at our country house .
` ` he told me last night that he likes to hold an annual contest at his country estate for athletics such as running and archery , so i suppose he 's quite the expert .
she 'd grown up in the country , had spent long days wandering woods , and she knew how to hunt .
` ` i hope you ' ve been enjoying the country party ? ''
` ` so often i ' m afraid people come to these country parties and leave their , shall we say , higher principles behind in london .
he had a fresh , country face , though he must ' ve come from london .
` ` and yet wakefield has fled his own country home . ''
mrs . henrys had it moved whilst we were in the country . ''
` ` either here in london or in the country , though if you 're in the country i wo n't be able to see you as often . ''
` ` either here in london or in the country , though if you 're in the country i wo n't be able to see you as often . ''
` ` were you aware that miss picklewood returned unexpectedly from the country ?
i was n't aware you were back already from the country , miss picklewood . ''
` ` and yet he dragged you into the woods in front of his entire country party , loses his tight rein on his temper with you , and has seduced you in his own home - a home he shares with me .
afterward , when she 'd retired to his neglected country estate , he 'd resumed his life - such as it was - in london .
if she had a lover , surely he would reside near godric 's country estate .
the scarlet was over four years old - from before her retirement to the country .
abundant country meals seemed to have led to growth in that portion of her figure .
she might ' ve had to retire to the country for a bit to recover from the loss of roger and their baby , but that did n't mean she was going to lie down without a fight now .
` ` i ' m sure your garden will need renovation , '' she said earnestly , ` ` if the state i found your country grounds in two years ago is any indication . ''
she was a bit over average height and had the figure of a woman with a fondness for hearty country food .
she 'd met mr . and mrs . hamilton briefly at one of the ubiquitous country dinners , though she had n't made the connection before now .
the hamiltons were solid country gentry .
i ' ve run out of paper , so i must remain affectionately yours , megs a typical missive from her : quick , witty , full of the life she 'd made for herself at his country estate .
` ` oh , because i 'd never be able to banish such a lovely lady so far away in the country .
country life suited her , she 'd found , and the estate would be a perfect place to raise her child .
` ` so i went off to oxford , learned many things , grew into a man , and when i came home to laurelwood , i met clara at a country ball . ''
and you shall leave this house and london for the safety of my country estate when i get you with child .
good lady 's maids were hard to find - particularly ones who would work in the country .
you can retire quietly to the country and never be witness to the shame of having married a murderer . ''
` ` a house party in the country that caire insists we attend . ''
too bad griffin and hero have run off to the country .
there were parties and teas and picnics in the country .
it was a country dance , the steps brisk and intricate , but she was aware all the time of his large body , weaving around hers .
she 's away at a house party in the country . ''
the letter was long and chatty , telling of a new wing on griffin 's country home , a difficulty with the cook , and the planting of apple trees in the garden .
the position opened up the possibilities of a career , of good money if not wealth , of a home someday in the country .
my father used to take it with him when he went to the country to buy hops .
we can say that i ' ve gone to attend an ill aunt in the country . ''
she could n't even picture him as a country squire , fat or otherwise .
she must look a rustic country lass in her excitement .
` ` can ye do all that while i fetch her from whatever country wilderness her family has hidden her in ? ''
only then did he notice the blue feather stuck in the links of the armor covering his right arm ... . -from clever john naturally , lord caire would have an overwhelmingly elegant country residence .
silence listlessly perused the great library in lord caire 's country manor , hoping for something - anything - to distract her from thoughts of michael .
the library , like everything else in caire 's country estate , was magnificently appointed .
the first thing lord caire had done on reaching his country residence was hire several strong men from the village to patrol the grounds .
she glanced out the window and saw that they were turning into a narrow , tree - lined country lane .
but no matter how lovely the princess , clever john merely turned his head aside , his gaze searching the skies for the glimpse of a rainbow wing ... . -from clever john caire house in london was even more opulent than lord caire 's country estate .
` ` which brings me to the subject of how you left caire 's country estate , '' temperance said .
` ` he 's to show me the ruins at his country estates to the north . ''
they danced a minuet and a country dance , and then hero professed herself in need of refreshment .
` ` i would go to lord caire , her son , or his bride , the younger lady caire - she is the sister to the manageress of the home and used to run it herself - but they have recently married and have retired to lord caire 's country estate for the next several months . ''
` ` surely you must get lonely in the country . ''
and just like that , she was handed from one man to the other , rather like a prize pony at a country fair .
` ` yes , and no doubt the fat country baron faced with either selling his excess grain to a gin distiller or letting it rot will put london 's health before money in his pocket .
he 's in the country for the summer . ''
` ` he 's at his country estate .
` ` i well remember how she used to carry it to church in the country .
` ` i know it would be hard to live in reduced circumstances in the country after being in london all these years , but i think it would n't be so bad .
` ` he was away at school generally when i visited the blanchard country estate , but , yes , he was a young boy , not quite a man .
come alone to my country estate .
hasselthorpe 's country estate was hours away , and the dawn would be coming soon .
obviously his wife 's presence at his country estate was a surprise .
but then why bring her all the way to his country estate merely to murder her ?
but she 'd attended shooting parties in the country and knew what happened to the bird that flew when the beaters came close .
` ` i ' m not a sophisticated man , and i live in the country , so you 'd have to make do with country flowers .
` ` i ' m not a sophisticated man , and i live in the country , so you 'd have to make do with country flowers .
` ` it 's a small country inn .
` ` he has a country estate - several , in fact , '' helen murmured .
the duke had brought them to his house , because his real family was away in the country .
the curate in the town near papa 's country estate . ''
i do hope there will be country ballads about damsels drowning themselves in wells , do n't you ? ''
` ` did you grow up in london or in the country ? ''
` ` the country , mostly , though we came to london to visit at least yearly . ''
` ` i usually live in the country with my uncle .
she had a fresh , country appearance , her hair the color of ripened wheat , her eyes a contented gray .
i sent a message this morning asking for an interview , and he sent it back saying he intends to retire to his country estate to recover . ''
i would go to live with my elder brother , ernest , until i 'd begun to show , and then i would retire to a cottage in the country with my old nanny .
it was beautiful country .
` ` enough money to go to the country and open a tavern of our own .
and then we could open a tavern in the country . ''
emeline tried to imagine mr . hartley 's tall form bouncing up and down in a country jig .
even with the other gentlemen attired for shooting in the country , samuel could ' ve been a servant , so much more plain were his clothes .
the other gentlemen handled a gun easily ; they probably went hunting and target shooting fairly often at country parties like this one .
this was lady emeline 's home , and she fit in as only one who was born into this country and class could .
` ` this was nothing but a country affair .
i 'd prefer to cuddle on the couch and watch a movie , or go for a walk in the park or a drive in the country .
your country club bitch of a mother knows it , and she 's the only one with enough guts to say it out loud .
because if you pull out any country music , i 'll be forced to mock you . ''
at least we know how they got in to the country and how they got out again . ''
this was barren country , without the natural beauty of the desert .
` ` i 'd been moving , staying in the back country or in the mountains mostly .
he did n't like her usual country music , did he ?
jess would appreciate good country music after listening to an hour of really loud rap .
` ` country music is good music . ''
` ` i never thought a lot about it , but yes , the country is beautiful and the house is wide open with plenty of space for two families .
every time , every single time i ' m dumb enough to agree to dinner , we end up at the last saloon listening to his country music .
you do like country music , do n't you , briony ? ''
they were n't heading for the highway ; they were going across country , not wanting to be seen , taking one of the old hunting trails .
i had you pegged as a country boy .
` ` what , the country club requires advance notice if you do n't go ? ''
she does n't belong to a country club . ''
what i want to know is where the country boy went . ''
i think i 'll take advantage of the country air and run in the mornings .
in comparison to the vacations she 'd had in the past couple of years , this was just this side of backpacking it in the high country of the sierras .
small by their standards , large by anyone who had n't lived in a country manor all her life with jets at her disposal and a clothing allowance that could feed small countries .
the closest she 'd come to camping was sleeping in the backseat of the car they were dragging across the country .
then all their cloaked running across the country would be for nothing .
` ` you must be going through withdrawal running across the country the way you are . ''
` ` they 're very ... country . ''
unlike shopping for the yellow bridesmaid dresses , eliza actually enjoyed their brief walk on the country side of the store .
her tight little ass wiggled in step with the music as if she were born to country western dancing .
we thought it would be nice to hear some country music .
` ` we live far in the country . ''
once inside , i suck in my breath , trying not to say something stupid or act like the country girl that i am .
i can hardly take my eyes from it as we wind our way through the smooth country roads .
but even the country roads are paved and immaculate , perfect like everything else .
and i ' ve not been out of valese , so this is the first time i ' ve seen the country here in caberra .
` ` i love the country and the quiet .
he hugs our tail as we curve through the country roads .
they were in the country somewhere .
i think we 're in the country somewhere .
they were definitely in the country .
she did n't want to be stuck in the country at night .
tom broke in with his easy - going , country way .
they own a huge lakeside estate that they only reside at in the summers , and they 're members at the country club where i used to work .
` ` country girls , i presume ? ''
hell , he 'd probably have to have mirabella come in from the country .
picnics in the country .
that was the benefit to dancing a country dance instead of walking through the garden or park with an uninteresting gentleman .
although the country dances often required a touch at the hip or waist , and arms linking with arms , the position of the waltz was so different , so intimate , because it was n't a passing position .
you 'll dress as an elderly woman with a large hat and gloves to protect you from the sun and will be taking your dead husband to the country . ''
the soft country music playing on the jukebox .
run - down , with loud country music blasting into the night , the stop did n't look particularly inviting .
a pickup truck rattled down the road with country music blaring from its radio .
the reason you move around the country so much . ''
wine country .
victor had put her in wine country , and it truly was a beautiful place .
he 'd been working in florida- ` ` most of his business dealings were conducted via long distance because he was out of the country , but the man knew exactly what he wanted done with this place . ''
but that would make an awesome country song , right ? ''
scott stands up and starts playing air guitar , singing with serious country passion .
you like country and i like rock - n - roll ? ''
who drives across the country just to rent a cabin in the woods for writing ?
` ` you 're driving all the way across the country ?
it 's probably one of those country bumpkin things i would n't understand being a bona fide dyed - in - the - wool city girl .
` ` welcome to the country , city girl . ''
i can totally do this country thing and do it with style .
i call this country chic . ''
i thought country boys were tougher than that . ''
chew on that , country boy .
several of the girls have cowboy hats on and some are dressed like country prom queens in the off - season .
i ca n't have my mascara leaking all over the place when i ' m about to throw down , country style .
i am so ready to teach his country bumpkin a lesson in how we city girls roll .
` ` but ... you 're country and i ' m city . ''
` ` i ' m not completely country and you 're not completely city , either .
it should have taken all the sexy away and turned him into a hayseed country bumpkin .
` ` i just wanted to firm up our date at the country club with the coral group ?
we joined the country club together and played tennis every weekend with other couples .
surely looking like a giant wasp flying down a country road was a bad idea for a girl with a sting - allergy ...
she reminded me of a country version of candice .
he stood there in jeans and a black t - shirt , his hat and belt buckle proclaiming to the world that he 's a country boy .
maybe it was a country thing to be so damn nice , but i 'd always just assumed people like this lived only in the movies .
` ` it 's pretty country .
a country drawl was flavoring his words a little and tempting me to smack him upside the head in a very violent way .
i found that really hard to believe , since daisy duke was every country boy 's type and she was n't that far off .
she yelled back , sounding like a country singer the way she said it .
` ` i may be country , angie , but i do n't date kin .
her landlord had told her that cooper regularly worked out of the country , that she probably would n't hear a peep from him .
he 'd been out of the country when she was killed , and when he 'd come back and discovered that his sister had been murdered , the guy had broken apart .
the slow twang of country music filled the car 's interior , and the vehicle pulled from the concealing shadows .
pickups snaked and twisted , filling up the parking lot , and the blare of country music trembled in the air .
his family business and the family 's big stack of money should have kept the guy busy living the country club life .
she 'd graduated from ole miss , then followed her dreams to the country music capital .
` ` the car has n't been spotted again , but with all the woods and cabins in this part of the country , the guy could have just stashed the ride somewhere and taken another one . ''
no , out of the country .
she forgot the sheriff , the crowd , and the country music that made her temples ache .
chapter thirteen music blared from an old jukebox , a slow country beat with someone doing someone else wrong .
as far as liam knew , the bastard was n't in the country .
he adjusts his position so i can lean against him and relax , and together we watch as the country fades to chain - link fences and old mechanic shops .
just us in the country , maybe some dogs running around .
chapter twelve i drive through the country , the long route that james and i used to take .
inside , my heart hurts , but i cry only when i ' m alone , on a long drive out in the country after leaving the center .
` ` i wo n't be sending you off doing cross country or any physical exercises - that 's commander michaels ' department .
after driving for an hour on a mostly empty highway , several smaller country roads and eventually dirt roads through the forest , we arrived at the compound .
chase started singing some old country song that was probably now going to be stuck in my head for days .
start with the stroke thing and then move forward from there , only real slow - like for us country folk .
i rolled my eyes at her lame attempt to sound country as i shut her door .
` ` i want to drive down a country road with all the windows down while i sing along to a country song , just feeling free ! ''
` ` i want to drive down a country road with all the windows down while i sing along to a country song , just feeling free ! ''
he 's out of the country , courtney .
` ` it amazes me how these two have just melted right into country life . ''
i want to know that i ' m not picking up my entire life and moving out to the country for a man who does n't want the same things i want . ''
` ` country club .
i ' ve been so freaked out about moving to the country and starting this whole new life and ... '' i closed my eyes and said , ` ` how .
she closed the menu and said , ` ` then that 's what i ' m getting because this country girl does n't even know what half the shit on this menu is . ''
it may not be the country barbecue you 're used to , but it 's good . ''
he gave me and walker a once - over , then asked walker , ` ` are you a country singer or something ? ''
i sing country . ''
` ` do you think he 'll know his dad is a famous country singer ? ''
the wall of windows looked out over the hill country and the view was amazing .
you can tell he just loves being in the country . ''
i put my boot on and said , ` ` do you like the country ? ''
there was nothing better than going down a country road on a fast - ass bike .
i worked all day managing your restaurant while you played in the country . ''
` ` hello , this is hill country catering .
thirty minutes later , me , scott , francis from mason florist , and linda from hill country catering all stood back and looked at our creation .
i always loved visiting their country estate .
andre had insisted we stay in florence for one night before heading out to the country .
her first stop after the news that they would n't be attending was to pinnacle country club .
so i 'd started decorating in a french country theme .
the french country theme could go either way .
the country cottage , distressed , white furniture looked beautiful in the room .
` ` country boy .
we laughed and talked about everything from school to how much maegan hated the country life .
` ` alex ... i see her totally being a country girl . ''
what if she wants to be in the country ? ''
i looked out over the beautiful texas hill country .
our kids are going to grow up in the country with their friends .
he is just a good ole country boy .
she 's not even in the country , drake .
take in the country air .
` ` alright , i think some fresh country air might be just what i need .
maybe i can get a buck and show my dad that they do grow 'em big in the hill country . ''
then , you go off and knock up a simple country girl , and you 're not even married .
ellie took to country life like she had grown up on a ranch her whole life .
we plan a fourth of july get - together with our parents instead of going to some country bar where we can take a few spins around the dance floor while getting drunk .
i love the french country feel of everything , '' jessie said .
your mother and i have to head to the country tomorrow .
the country air knocked him out cold .
i dreamed of a wedding , a beautiful country wedding , and a young couple standing under our oak tree .
the layout was like caine 's except mrs . flanagan 's kitchen was more french country than sleek and modern , and there was a partition wall between the kitchen and the living space that gave an illusion of them being two separate rooms .
` ` all i 'd need were cowboy boots and a broken heart and i 'd be a country singer . ''
` ` cowgirl country . ''
` ` i 'd like to visit cowgirl country .
` ` did you come all the way over here from the country club to taunt her ?
she wore designer skinny jeans , lacoste tennis shoes , and a cute white ralph lauren blouse with capped sleeves and a nipped - in waist , and looked as though she was on the way to the country club .
unlike claudia , i was wearing clothes that would get me thrown out of the country club - my favorite , ass - hugging skinny jeans with the hole in the knee , the denim baby soft from having been run through the wash a million times , complemented by an oversized vest with ` ` library nerd '' scrawled across the chest .
claudia asked , seeming interested , which surprised me since she was n't big into music unless it was classical or country .
as was the same playlist of country music installed in the old - fashioned jukebox in the corner .
claudia complained all the time that there were never any country singers booked to play .
i pointed out that the usual clientele were n't really country people .
` ` he 's out of the country , '' i hurried to say , the thought of her anywhere near cole 's flat giving me palpitations .
i think it broke dag 's heart that we get to go off adventuring without him , but hell , i 'll take undercover work in some backwoods country any day over monument duty .
hell , half of it was n't even in the country .
it 's what i get for saving money and going to one of the country salons .
yes - it was the country highway that led into the city .
her ramped up implant let her handle it easily , and she soon got her bearings and headed for the country highway that led into the city .
a quick check of it showed no extra supplies , save a few jugs of water that suggested they were going farther than just down the street , though perhaps not across the country .
chapter 24 longer days once , on a campaign in an asian province , mae and some other praetorians had trekked across country for almost a week .
` ` going to the country club ? ''
` ` they wear dresses to country clubs , '' chastised val , as though she were some kind of expert .
the ride to portland took about two hours by high - speed train , but leo actually lived outside of the city , in the wine country to the west .
picturesque or not , justin had a hard time imagining trendy leo making a home out in the country .
when he 'd imagined the reasons leo might refuse to come back , justin had never even dreamed that an attachment to some cozy country setting would be the hang - up .
you want to stay in the country ?
they were in a pretty remote place , and i had to stay at this little country inn .
its facade was nearly as grand as the koskinen house , though better maintained , and even its name sounded more like what you 'd find with a country manor : rose grove .
` ` not if they stay in the country . ''
a double bed with a blue and white quilt sat in one corner , but before i could make too many judgments about country living , i noticed a flat - panel tv mounted on the opposite wall .
he then proceeded to give me a rundown of their vast channel lineup , reinforcing the fact that even if the reeds lived out in the country , they still loved their comforts .
the next , i was out in the country , the darling of a good - hearted family whose only motivations were kindness and affection to others .
we drove deep into the country , about an hour and a half away from candace 's .
` ` cut across country or follow the road ? ''
it was late afternoon , in the middle of desert country , and the heat was in full effect .
i rented a car and drove out to the country to see candace and charles .
nina should ' ve been able to use spirit to bring olive to this country house , just as she 'd brought me .
instead , the country scenery began to fade in the distance , growing increasingly insubstantial .
it stabilized , firmly remaining a little country living room and offering no clues as to where olive was .
we debated checking into a large chain hotel and finally settled on a small country inn just outside the town .
they knew , because kizzy 's grandmother had saved her sister from them once in the old country and lived to tell .
kizzy had never met her -- mairenni had stayed behind in the old country -- but her grandmother said she looked like her .
he was on the very verge of saying , with all the considerable snideness in his arsenal , that she probably was n't even in the country , followed up with the charming assessment that her absence likely accounted for the unusual clarity of the air , when gabriel spoke again .
i would expect a boyfriend of lennox 's to have the same kind of artistic vibe , but this guy looks straight country , right down to the worn out old boots .
the cafe serves home cooked country food , and instead of playing some radio station over the loudspeaker , cordell , the owner , used to play his guitar from open until close .
i would n't have pegged him for country , not with his university sweatshirt and stylishly ripped jeans , but the boots do n't lie .
he could n't think , oh , jesus , he felt as if his bones were dissolv- * * * it was full dark when he came to himself , but the clouds had broken and a three - quarter moon shone in the deep black of a country sky .
he thought he was quite close , now , though - the ragged country was beginning to seem familiar , though perhaps that was only delusion .
the entire night had seemed unreal to grey ; not least was this odd conclusion , wherein he found himself sitting in the dim dawn light of a country tavern , sharing a pitcher of ale with red jamie fraser .
it was a rare sunny day for the lake country , where the difference between the clouds and the ground is often imperceptible , in terms of damp .
on the other hand , there were no real roads in this remote part of the kingdom , and a man who knew the country was at a greater advantage on foot than were the pursuing outlanders on horseback .
he had stolen a peasant 's clothes from a bush where they had been hung to dry , leaving the torn - out nail with its golden character in exchange , and made his way slowly across country toward the coast .
` ` i hope you will not think me intemperate , mrs . fraser , but after months of tramping country , drinking nothing but water and the slaves ' crude rum- '' he closed his eyes in bliss .
retired to his home in the country for the winter , he was told .
in this instance , the matter was somewhat more pressing : the deserters had said that burgoyne 's army was running short of supplies already ; denying him the facilities of ticonderoga might bring him to a halt - or at least slow him down perceptibly , as his men would be obliged to forage and live off the country while they waited for supplies from canada to follow him .
i had put on a proper cap , did n't meet anyone 's eye , and murmured that i was coming in from the country to tend my daughter , who was about to give birth .
because he did n't for an instant think a column of infantry was capable of sneaking up in the dark over rough country to within stabbing distance without giving some notice of their presence - he did know about charles 's merciless bayonet tactics at culloden .
he was neither fish nor fowl nor good red beef , as the country folk said of an ambiguous cut of meat .
i was tempted to walk , but even my most utilitarian shoes were n't up to an hour 's walk on country roads - and if i waited for sundown and the cooling evening to make my way back , i 'd be remarkably late .
and while jem was a sturdy little boy and capable of walking a good distance , he doubted they could make much more than ten miles in a day over rough country .
` ` the new moon with the old , '' country folk called it in england .
mr silva called , his thunderous voice booming over the noise of operational motors , machine tools , country music and conversations about cars and car parts , girls and girl parts .
with noah behind me , balancing a lock of my hair with one hand and the wedged - in pick with the other , i ' m literally stuck , and i fight the urge to dash to the opposite side of the room ... or the country .
clay would ride the bus to the country club where their mother , olivia , was found every friday afternoon , ruling the middleton world .
he just whistles along to a country song on the radio called bottoms up .
` ` i ' m a country girl .
it 's what we country girls do . ''
` ` i ' m a country girl , too , and i do n't have a big - ass truck . ''
` ` bacon , country ham , texas toast sandwiches , hash browns , and mini quiches .
` ` i was out of the country and ollie was looking to score some coke .
the first station i turned to was playing a country song about needing someone in the middle of the night .
on top of that , he had a few country bands , some blues titles i vaguely recognized and a few more current groups like train , nickelback , the fray and even some pink .
when we were once more settled in our seats , our attention was drawn to the person standing in the center of the dark , country lane .
i ' m just some simple , one - dimensional country girl ?
i mean what the hell kind of country hangout would it be without a tire swing ?
there 's something about a big porch and fresh country air ... '' he inhales deeply and unbuttons his jacket as he lowers himself into one of the four straight - backed rockers .
` ` they start at large and go through two x. i know how big these corn - fed country boys can be . ''
he 'd gotten a job with a country singer , on the road crew .
you ca n't raise a child on the road , as a hired hand for a country singer . ''
if the honky tonk music blaring from the speakers in the ceiling had n't been enough to scream country bar , the sea of cowboy hats would have been .
you know how country people are . ''
she responds quickly to my slightest touch - i ' ve tweaked the steering to near - perfection - and she hugs the turns as we snake our way through the country .
i ' m not a fan of country music , but the lyrics to the song perfectly define the moment .
and you ' ve lived in the country long enough to know what something like that looks like .
she came strolling out of the woods , as carefree as if it were a sunny afternoon in the country .
` ` my mother had a thing for country music . ''
i ' m just a country girl . ''
i 'd forgotten what a nice , genuine country guy he is .
she quickly became one of the biggest country singers we ' ve ever had . ''
yes , i liked country music .
rich shits liked their country houses , their space , and their trophy wives .
while some people craved distraction and noise , i craved quiet country roads and no one talking to me .
why was it that everyone who sings either goes for disco or country ?
while he might be gallivanting around the country with his band , he has to come home sometime .
tour the country ?
brady wanted the country to work , and not many people she knew actually cared enough to pursue that .
she 's got this preppy country girl thing going on , girly cowboy boots , skintight faded jeans , a pale pink plaid shirt with slim , rolled - up sleeves , a blingy belt with a wide buckle .
she 's into hip - hop and pop and country , a bunch of stupid bullshit that i ca n't stand .
they ' ve even gotten some country station cross - over airplay .
you want a country boy .
i mean , i do n't want her to leave me completely alone , just to forget this idea that i could ever play some stupid country music for her .
not some twangy country bullshit .
have you ever actually listened to country music ?
it does n't sound like country , really . ''
old school , traditional country .
i mean , it 's still unmistakably country for the most part , but it 's not your preconceived notions of country . ''
i gave her a book of sheet music of some of the popular country songs .
got anything a little more ... country ? ''
we do a few current country songs , stripped down and rearranged a bit for our style .
we shift from that into a few more stock country songs , boring but the kind of thing the crowd can really get into , songs they know and can sing along to , slosh their beers to .
they almost defy genre , but with the right producer in the booth , i think we could tweak your sound enough to appeal to both the mainstream rock crowd and the edgier country people . ''
i make friends with the guys on the team , drink with 'em , hang with 'em , go to keggers after games , big bonfire parties in the country outside the city with dozens of people getting wasted and having a great time .
she tunes the radio to the highway , an xm country music station , and ` ` cowboy side of you '' by clare dunn comes on .
but then , you do n't grow up in nashville , and then live in texas , without hearing some country music , even if it 's not really your thing .
i drove around the country for a long time .
a guitar chord thrums , and ` ` country must be country wide '' by brantley gilbert starts .
cheyenne liked country music .
the first two hours pass in silence , the radio on , tuned to country .
i want to change it , because country does nothing but remind me of cheyenne and echo .
and he likes country .
dad switches the radio station , but tunes it to a more traditional country station , the older stuff , george strait , clint black , alan jackson , garth brooks .
as murray muttered to daniel , his youngest , to pass more bread , letty could still detect a hint of the irish accent with which he had arrived in the country .
the country lanes were banked with wild flowers , and when the rain cleared the clouds revealed skies the azure blue of 1950s postcards .
after two hours mr nicholls said he needed to stretch , and norman needed to wee , so they stopped at the edge of a country park .
he drove us the length of the country , because we were desperate .
i ' m not sure we should have anyone in the country until it settles down a bit . ''
esme was to start at boarding school , a sprawling , red - brick place in hampshire , with the shambolic air of a well - loved country house .
he has sparse sandy hair , and the ruddy complexion of someone who spends a lot of time in the country .
he told me of the trains he saw each week , packed with boys , women and young girls , criss - crossing the country to the somme , to escaut and ardennes , to work as slave labour for the germans .
we would move too - and as all their money was ploughed back into the business they had been delighted to find a large country house available for a knock - down rent , due to its general state of disrepair .
now , walking past the car park and the miniature railway , both of which were empty and as bleak as only a summer attraction can look in february , i saw it was bigger than i had imagined , red brick with a double front , the kind of house you saw in old copies of country life while waiting at the doctor 's .
just a drive in the country ? '
' i ' m just trying to - ' ' miss clark , my life is not going to be significantly improved by a drive around stortfold 's country lanes . '
' they 'll have a ridiculous wedding , pop out an ankle biter or two , as you put it , buy a place in the country , and he 'll be shagging his secretary within five years , ' i said .
and our little town , despite the beauty of the castle , our many grade ii listed buildings , our picturesque country lanes , was far from immune to it .
we went through the motions of our daily routine - i took him for short drives into the country , cooked his meals , saw to him when we were in his house .
he took me to the country club where fable and i had gone with him , and ... yeah .
after the country club , i told him i was heading straight home , but i did n't .
it was n't the first time i had gone around the country with them since they had burst into the limelight two years ago .
she poked her lip out at aj before saying , ` ` i ' m supposed to be part country singer , remember ?
every once and awhile , jake will slip up and sound like a total country bumpkin . ''
sorry for inducing some flashbacks of your horrible youth spent in the country clubs and finest social circles of savannah . ''
` ` i ca n't help that i appreciate the greats of country music , '' she replied .
it was also a way to bridge the musical gap between jacob 's ladder , which was country rock , and then runaway train , which was pop / rock .
sure , runaway train still toured the country to sold - out arenas while playing kick - ass tunes , but it just was n't the same as it once had been .
plus there 's low country boil on the menu , so you should be able to get the greens i know you love . ''
i had n't always been a huge country music fan .
i 'd never been much of a country fan , so i was n't very familiar with the song .
it does n't surprise me that it was a country song .
i was just sixteen when i first met paul , and every time i was at his house , he had the radio on to a country station . ''
as a secret fan of country music , i instantly recognized the song .
you know i only listen to country , the classic italian crooners , or ... rap , '' i replied , as i dug my stethoscope out of a drawer .
but bray and melody lived about thirty minutes south of jake 's farm , preferring the country to the city .
` ` i promise that i 'll turn on some country for you in a little while . ''
` ` you know i love country music , and i adore anything by luke bryan . ''
` ` yeah , i ' m sure they do back in the old country , but not in atlanta . ''
we 'd started off flying high when abby and the boys of jacob 's ladder had won the grammy for best country duo / group .
the ceremony is taking place at my parents ' country estate outside of edinburgh .
the photo in front of me is a shot of us dancing during my initiation ceremony at thane and isobel 's country estate .
i ' m southern but not country .
it 's the only country song i know .
ellison 's not really a fan of the country scene either .
i began to turn the knob and the first song i found was a new one by a country band with a hit on the pop charts .
although i did n't care for country music , i liked the song so i left it .
` ` country music fan ? ''
` ` i ' m not into country music either , but i like this one , too . ''
everything around me was moving so fast , i did n't want to leave the solitude of my room , let alone the country .
i imagined us owning a country home that she could fill with beautiful things and delicious foods .
listen , mummy and daddy are having a thing today at the country club and i am in desperate need of a date , and i figure since you 're in town and i ' m in town , you 'd be more than willing to accompany me . ''
alexander walked through the front entrance of the country club , hoping to get some fresh air , when a photographer snapped his photo .
he recalled just a few hours earlier , seeing the same photographer snapping photos of him and adele as they entered the country club .
she dragged him inside the posh country club and toward a dance floor crowded with couples moving to a dean martin tune .
he was already feeling slightly buzzed from all the scotch he had drunk earlier at the country club .
there was a photo of alexander entering what appeared to be a country club , accompanied by a strikingly beautiful , tall blonde woman wearing a tight white sundress that accented her huge chest and tiny waist .
` ` alexander burnham spotted entering new london country club with miss adele peters .
she found me yesterday morning and invited me to a thing her parents were putting on at the country club and i agreed to go .
i thought maybe going to the event at the country club would help me take my mind off things , seeing old friends and what not .
olivia smiled , remembering her childhood in charleston , particularly her summers on folly beach where the smell of low country boils permeated the neighborhood practically every weekend .
i had a weird list that included everything from country and pop to metal and techno .
i decided after the third girl was royally bitched at that it was nice having that country girl around .
` ` no , she runs all the way across the country , '' jesse bit out , his hands clenched at his sides .
i could n't help but smile at her country accent .
then her country accent filled my ears and my heart twisted because i had missed dallas like crazy .
now , with dallas in the same room with him , despite her just gutting him with words i was sure that i would need a dictionary on country slang to understand , i saw more life in his eyes than i had seen in what felt like forever .
i was n't expecting something this extravagant out here in the country , although i had passed some really nice houses as i had gone through town .
i passed the run - down streets that devlin and zander had grown up on , the new high school that had been built only a few years ago - but that i had n't ever attended , since my mother had insisted on a private school an hour 's drive away - and then the country club members ' homes .
because we were now at the end of the convoy we moved out across country for the east west highway to kerman .
since we were the ones that found her , our mayor said that we should be the ones to bring her in , for her own safety , maria said with that perfect country innocence .
as the day continued , we wound down around vast plains of open , flat country .
i speed off and into the country .
i follow the country roads until i hit 24 westas i pause at the stop sign , i take a deep breath in to calm myself and begin to speed down the small highway .
i feel much more comfortable being back on the country roads .
i follow 11 north for twenty miles and pull off on country road 220 .
i manage through a series of rough , overgrown , country roads .
after we take a few country roads that keep us well north of flagstaff , we reach a small area called eagles nest .
after navigating a maze of country roads , i meet back up with interstate 40 west .
we ve made it to the edge of the country .
rachel put on the ear jack and turned on the music to a country and western station .
red clay country .
another quick trip to the milledgeville country store and the owner , glenn , was there .
wait till we break for the country store .
there was no time for the leisurely side route by the country store .
when alistair could get away from his project , we would sometimes run for more than ten miles together through the country lanes , and if we were feeling adventurous , quite often through a few fields as well .
an added bonus to our planned routes was where we finished usually at some country pub !
it just depends mr winterbourne , sometimes i run along the roads , and sometimes its along the country paths its whatever takes my fancy really .
the car drove onto a gravel road speeding out into the country , picking up speed as it went along .
you seem awful calm for someone about to be chased halfway across the country side .
this mountainous area seems like the untamed country so where are we headed now ?
he drove northward through endless farm country , lined by barren hills on the hazy western horizon .
we must nt let the selfless sacrifices of our proud fathers , brothers , sons and uncles , these brave menand womenblack , white , yellow , and brown , from all walks of life , these country and city boys , these nurses and short - order cooks , these farmers and businessmenbe in vain .
they all smoke like chimneys , over in the old country it seemed to be the only thing he liked in his life .
blow some blues in the key of e. the g harp is for the country numbers , ok ?
the planned obsolescence band rocked out with a straight country - blues set , and after a furtive start , mike blew everyone in the place away with his head - banging solos .
jenny sang a few country and blues numbers , and shook her can , to the crowds delight .
had i the means to do it all over again , i d be back up in the north country , working for my old man .
so unlike the life out in the country , it seemed that city dwellers everywhere were locked into their own private vistas .
they left the suburbs behind them , and located ( with a little help from dr . ks map ) highway 13 nw , and headed out into ikil country .
once out in open country , they passed a few villages along the highway , and at one , they stopped at a small cafe to fill their thermos with hot turkish coffee .
do you really think that we are just ignorant country rubes up here , mr . chen ?
there would soon be a wave of disease spreading through the city , and possibly the country .
they were walking along a small country road .
they were on a country road now .
there were on the middle of a country road .
alicia asked , having no idea what to make of the fact that humans had all but fallen to a superior race of warriors , yet there was still time for domestic beer and bad country music .
it was disorientating , like he should be lying flat on a country field somewhere .
the couple lived out in the country and may have missed the initial catastrophe that struck the town , much like kozz had .
i m sure we could find some information there on where you might have come from easier than wandering around the country aimlessly .
the tire tracks smelled of country dirt and the blood of the beast john had killed .
after camouflaging their vehicle with fallen branches and leaves , they set off west into the country ; straight to the dravus river .
maya looked behind them and saw in the distance the only other person on the road turning to take the same country path .
as nicolas drove them through the scenic country highway that morning , maya reflected on the change she had seen in tara since they had first met .
chapter thirty ( back to table of contents ) six days later cutting it extremely close according to nicolas they were back in the convertible heading west toward the vahren barrier , allowing four days straight of driving across the expansive country .
he had realized quickly that running across the vast country was a futile effort .
that was what everyone called it , being relocated , as if government officials came by with a moving van to take you to a new homesomewhere nice in the country .
but even though she had never seen the terra upon which the terraforming was based , she knew it should look like the country around prosperine and the coastal farm - belts : rolling fields of many - coloured crops , belts of leafy trees , neat strips of roads and landing zones .
she had nt reckoned on the rough country or the glacial pace of the caddy .
marchmont swung away from la duchesse to greet her other guests , i took the opportunity to enquire ( discreetly , of course ) whether our hostess had yet revealed why she had invited us to her country house party .
so here you are , far from the press and the hurly - burly , seeking privacy in the depths of the country .
he and kitka got into his car and guided it along the paths of the city into the outback 's of the country .
at the beer and gin joints , the music might be country and western or hard rock , but the customers would be rougher , maybe more honest .
she 's covered thousands of miles , mostly cross country and on foot , with theo leading her on a route that criss - crosses the map ending up in porto fino , italy .
the passenger door opened and howard , fifty - five year old , pot bellied good old country boy , with georgia twang accent , appeared while he leaned across the passenger seat .
the country song take a little ride by jason aldean just started on the trucks radio .
the country song take a little ride by jason aldean just started ended so howard turned down the radio to give marcus some quiet time .
jack sang along with craig morgans this ole boy country song while he drove .
after galvin pulled his step - van onto the two - lane country road , he discreetly sent a text message on his cell phone .
a few minutes later , galvin drove his step - van down the two - lane country road .
it was a quiet drive down two - lane country roads that led to asheville .
marcus asked while he screeched the step - van onto the two - lane country road .
the air was cool and smelled like country .
the scattered parks , ponds and a river were visual oases for denton and tubary , then the real thing : the open country with its variety of green hills speckled with small villages looking like miniatures of the city , the scene completed by a river ambling through it .
the morning saw dentons white anti - gravity craft taking him smoothly along the country roads to arrive in a hover park under europa ; the city that was the hub of the media giant interplanetary news net , as well as the galaxys military operations .
and why should nt i traipse around the country , as you put it ?
bull was a big ole country boy .
i dreaded being alone in bear country , so i decided i needed to make myself busy .
i was told the high country would now be covered with the white powder until at least april .
the idea of kidnapping people and taking them into the country and hiding them was hideous and could not be allowed .
as far as i could see you drove way out into the country .
her breath caught as she looked at the language of the old country written in formal penmanship .
nasir led the algula around the city , out into the terrain of the country .
this is good country , there is water , rich ground , it would be easy to start a farm here , start a family ; she thought .
the country ; out in the middle of nowhere really .
the mayor wants you to see the country , and this is the easiest way .
the tracks curved their way out of the city and into the country side .
they ride around the country .
i ve seen the country .
he wanted you in the country because he thought it would keep you calm more than the city .
it was all done out in dark wood and large paintings of historical country scenes .
the north western region was currently going through an idealised version of 1950s north america ; the music a mix of exciting rock and melancholy country , the transport slow and time consuming , and there was a distinct dearth of casual clothing .
he was walking down a narrow twisting country lane , with ben on his back and julie laughing by his side .
on bullwort , he was little more than a country doctor , often providing his services to those in need who could not pay .
ravenwood manor appears to be in the country , however i got here through a hallway in an ottawa apartment .
are nt we just the image of a country gentleman , he uttered softly , mimicking the flowing irish accent of the old man .
the carriage began to slow as the surrounding country became too treacherous for its previous speed .
but they were not all satisfied by the easy country life ?
strangely , it was nt the typically easy country drawl like everyone else in the county .
but in her ear there was only the steady kiss of a country breeze and far - distant chirps of crickets .
they were a bit short for her , and gave her a very country appearance .
first , she never did appreciate the twangy country music that dominated kansas ' radio stations and second , the wires were wrong .
hell be away from home , out in the country .
the opposite long side of the rectangle , the ` ` country outskirts '' as they are called , is made up of a vast expanse of farms , old country houses , woods , mountains , rivers and wildlife .
the opposite long side of the rectangle , the ` ` country outskirts '' as they are called , is made up of a vast expanse of farms , old country houses , woods , mountains , rivers and wildlife .
the country outskirts are miles from my home in suburbs .
i will say , this is my people ; and each one will say , the lord is my god zechariah 13:9 table of contents acknowledgements forward prologue chapter 1 - alpha test chapter 2 - cycle x+1 chapter 3 - the consultation chapter 4 - the dilemma chapter 5 - the contractor chapter 6 - the implant chapter 7 - post op chapter 8 - the coverts chapter 9 - the bot chapter 10 - priscilla chapter 11 - out of the starting gate chapter 12 - the departure gate chapter 13 - the wave schooner chapter 14 - the termination chapter 15 - in a rut chapter 16 - the goose chapter 17 - the pit chapter 18 - the image of god chapter 19 - the alligator chapter 20 - astro - forum session five chapter 21 - gone fishin ' chapter 22 - lickin ' the spoon chapter 23 - country road chapter 24 - alpha translation chapter 25 - salisbury anyone chapter 26 - terah chapter 27 - the revelation chapter 28 - ceremony chapter 29 - omega translation about the author acknowledgements my english are terrible but god is good .
* * * * * chapter 23 country road the world is a dangerous place to live ; not because of the people who are evil , but because of the people who do n't do anything about it .
it was one of the sights in this harsh country joe still loved seeing .
` ` you boys had quite the go around out in that little country .
` ` your little sortie into the country sparked a powder keg , mr . braddock , '' walsh set the cigarette to the side of his mouth while he talked , ` ` incidentally , that little stunt you pulled with our friend general howard is going to get you court - martialed , sergeant .
it is a lonesome looking country house .
while a moral outrage was brewing in the northern states with abolitionist newspapers , the hypocrisy of living in a free country started to boil over after a connecticut schoolteachers anti - slavery novel , uncle toms cabin , became the best - selling book since the bible .
since every story needs a villain , and ruthlessly ambitious political opponents usually made great ones , an extreme right - wing , conservative female governor from montana ( who managed to capture the publics attention through a heavy faade of a down - home country gal , just trying to help out ) heartily rose to the occasion , setting forth a series of treacherous schemes that elevated her into the oval office .
one of those guys who , as his eyes were opened suddenly to politics and counter - culture thought , became an expert on world affairs : if they really wanted to strike terror into the people , would n't taking out some country town somewhere do the job ?
he had told himself that the streets of st . davids were empty because there was nothing left in them to kill , but he had expected to encounter more of the infected out here in the country , stumbling around the woods ; directionless .
its crazy to think that in the 1800s , wagon trains spent months crossing the country .
as we make our way across the country , dads mood improves , and he begins commenting on the view outside the grit - caked windows .
i do nt know about you all but i know what ill be doing in the next couple of days , he says with a thick country accent .
if you want to survive , you need to get out of your home , out of the city , out of the country if you can .
although independence and new pockets of gasfuel had brought temporary wealth to the country little of it had trickled to this small town .
the punishing schedule had meant little time for such things but the country air had awakened a ferocious appetite .
but what really fascinates me mr strang is why you have gone to so much trouble running around the country .
winkie country ?
somebody said that the whole thing , being in winkie country , is like this old david gilmour song .
well , rex began , ya were bout halfway between the town of rosemont and phillmore , farming country , ya know .
the music that played in the background was mostly country western .
there was a staff of three nurses on the night shift and one country doctor that had only treated the latest influenza as being the most severe case he had seen in many weeks .
there were no natural defences between them and the invaders ; indeed , it was low - lying country of rolling hillocks and shallow valleys .
the landscape changed , no longer gentle and undulating , but dry harsh country , boulder strewn and inhospitable .
the next day , sunday , the jesans met up with rayford at ruislip country park , for their official rest day .
these buses are cross country passenger vehicles , the kind that include a large luggage compartment below the seating area .
there s enough gas to get us across the country and back a hundred times .
he wore what most working folk wore who worked in the country : thick , simple blue canvas pants , a long , tan shirt , and light leather boots with removable insulation for the cold rell weather at night .
in the small country village of flocker 's end , gary edwards was a young man that everyone knew and was on good terms .
the car was going at a steady 20 mph down the winding country lanes , until the road quickly split into two lanes , like a forked tongue .
the house , a mid - sized cape cod with inviting country porch , was similarly perfect , even close up .
i was new to the south , to living in the country , and to this neighborhood , if that s what its even called out here in the middle of nowhere ; fresh from a northern city where more people lived comfortably in single square block than survived in this entire back - woods county .
still , i did nt really much mind them ; they were part of the price to be paid for this slice of gods country , and far less of a hassle than the sixty - mile commute over narrow cow - paths to the nearest outpost of civilization where i worked .
i had slept like a log after driving from my ex - wifes place and back , mostly over twisting country roads .
maybe my ex - wife jane was right , maybe this country house was a mistake , but i did nt listen to jane anymore , maybe i never had .
my two country neighbors could hardly walk , nor could i , as exhilaration gave way to exhaustion , hangovers , and mosquito bites .
` ` we like our privacy and our country way of life .
this is big country , with lots of other places for folks to hunt .
this is still griz country , and sneaking around quiet like that is n't too smart .
mrs . lundberg , one of my neighbors , was out there too , taking in the cool , clear night , and listening to country music on her radio .
the fear that came with the recollection of her injury dissipated when she took the first stride leading out of her driveway and onto the country back road that lay parallel to her property .
i live in the country .
out in the country there are miles and miles of nothing .
we walked diagonally from the wall out into the desolate country .
the father worked in a small factory out in the country .
come on , lets hear that country club lie next , jen said as she did a trio of jumps and laughed .
your glow crosses the country and brings more into your light .
cross country motoring a long , sullen night and day of motoring through rugged topography ensued .
every little dump of a town or service station had it but this was isolated country , and he d not seen any evidence of former habitation for some time .
she saw the man typing a letter , driving across the country , and putting it in the mailbox .
looks like it might be a leisurely outing at the country club , she said nodding in the direction of the golf bag standing next to the garages side entry .
with a cell contract out on him , sledge knew that he had to get out of country .
there s only so many places an italian import can hide in the middle of corn country .
joe said you could help me get out of the country for a while .
q thinks they re attempting to skip country .
whatever happens to me , she said speeding up her pace , just keep going and get out of the country .
she swerved left , missing both a guard and the iron gate and raced away down the country road .
it looks like it 's pretty far into farm country .
it was some catchy country tune .
half an hour later , they pulled up in a narrow country lane .
he has flown out from his halls in the summer country - and now he comes !
surrounded by forests , i could see wide plains dotting the country as far as the eye could reach ; but nowhere was a sign of a small galu shethe beloved she whom i would have given my right hand to see .
on the second day of my experience of the galu country i came upon a bunch of as magnificent horses as it has ever been my lot to see .
and to think i had you running around the country .
when i pulled off the highway and down the country road leading to the lake , i noticed that it also seemed a different color , rust with a hint of maroon .
father lura arranged with your parents to come to us from the country .
you just came to the bigga city from the country .
i thought he is fresh from the country ? ''
as the story goes on , hansum is taken to a secluded estate in the country , to start producing cannons .
while he 's off in the country , shamira , lincoln and guilietta are having their own trials and tribulations back in verona : ` ` shoot her ! ''
meanwhile , lincoln ends up at the estate in the country with hansum , helping perfect the advanced cannon and black powder .
he was from ohio , farm and industry country that had its own water , halfway decent air if you were nt downwind from a coal burning power plant or a field spread with fresh manure , and a more straightforward and solid work ethic .
she wanted to pass on what she had learned to others , not so much dry facts and logic , but the spirit that she had discovered within herself , in headys valley on the fringes of the wilderness , and in a little country school in her seventh - grade year .
so i stayed and we ordered pizza and that was how we learned that buck 's new house was too far in the country for them to deliver .
florence was born in the city and has lived in the suburbs , small towns , the country and the wilderness , where she still lives with her husband and a cowardly cat named smoke .
author john pirillo is a prolific writer born in the coal country of pennsylvania to a coal miner , a baker and later on engineer in the aerospace industry .
she dimly recalled her grandma singing a yearning song about country roads but for sure it did nt celebrate these rutted tracks .
she was nt on great terms with the dome folks or the pit leader , and shit never went well when she had to do anything down in bayou country .
it was a long slog through some harrowing country , but they were all energized by the new appearance of calavera and the promise of being able to use the two reagents to synthesize viable ketocillin .
scouts from the east repeatedly passed by them , but saw little as they traveled quickly through the country .
the country is fairly open and we should be able to travel well despite the small moon .
he translated , saying , ` ` those from the east who ride the great horses will speak not to one from the dark country .
lucky for jerry too , as it began raining heavily as he headed out of town along the small country road that led to the compound .
there was still hope for the morning small towns like this often were surrounded by houses down country roads .
but there was no pain , for a country hospital they did a pretty good job .
but they were city hooligans , unused to the country and made a lot disturbance of the shrubbery and , anyway , most of them showed above it almost all the time .
argocat the ultimate cross country 8 - wheel - drive amphibian .
one moment henty was driving along peacefully , the next a chopper dropped out of the sky between the high buildings ( well , henty , a texas country girl , though of them as high ) and settled in the road right in front of her car .
but now she found it even more difficult to hang on as the big horse galloped over the rough country .
over an apparently perfectly level stretch of country it was nt easy to judge when you were never still but being bounced up and down with great speed while being carried forward at even greater velocity .
henty , a country girl , of course knew this , but she would never have remembered to lie still in her panic at the dogs coming straight for her throat .
it is always an adrenaline rush to enter the winding , twisting , deliciously dangerous two - lane road that whisks you through an incredible wonderland into the high country .
jill was into yoga , which was nt compatible with jacks drug habits or his violent rages , so she packed it up and moved to red rock country .
leela and i had first come to red rock country in the mid - nineties , and had fallen in love with the place immediately .
all this was a little hard to accept for me , basically a country boy from hardy and practical midwestern stock , german and swedish dna on one side and english roots on the motherly side .
big sky country .
images of playing with my siblings in the dew - soaked grass at our familys country estate danced in front of my minds eye , flooding my body with the strongest sense of euphoria i had ever experienced .
we had half the country to cross and find a place before winter came back around again .
they do nt want to face a north country winter in a cave .
so , what , i should wait two more weeks , i think , and i will go out to the country and look over fields and pick one , a big one , always a big one because i want everyone to see .
meanwhile , he took darveshs advice and spent sunday out in the country .
in the country it was a matter of roads used by favored businesses .
ceron posed in front of the elegant , carved mirror in his country lord attire .
will i pass as a country lord visiting the faire ?
hank started singing some sort of country gospel , and barns was either praying or cursing in several languages , bates could n't tell which .
actually , he did nt very much like roughing it in the country , even then , especially with snakes .
the young teen had been alone gathering stray cattle in the high country only two days away from the house by horse when her sleep was interrupted by what she described as a ' voice in her head ' that told her not to be afraid .
that meant that talking to jake first involved the team hiking through rougher country than bates had experienced since he was much younger , and he and a few of the others were already a little done - in as they finally approached the rendezvous point .
the group steadily traversed incredibly beautiful but inconveniently rugged country .
in edin , the open country : , there were two main kingdoms : ki - engi in the south and the land of ki - uri in the north .
sally took the drivers seat , punched in some gps coordinates , and turned off the country music station shawn had just flicked on as she expected he would .
they are more pragmatic then most country folk , so the church is also weak there ... as such , i doubt you will find many supporters . ''
he used these new skills to support his addiction as he wandered around the country .
he had always dreamed of being a country music singer , although he did nt have the talent it took to play music or sing professionally .
cletus liked the songs from the golden age of country music -- it was the real thing , not that soft rock that masqueraded as country music today .
cletus liked the songs from the golden age of country music -- it was the real thing , not that soft rock that masqueraded as country music today .
the alien suggested that instead , cletus sing the older country music in one geographic area at his own nightclub .
he was just your typical working man , who enjoyed good sex , beer and country music .
a few minutes later , the couple sat watching country music videos , drinking cold beer , and munching on pizza .
chapter 6 the fashionably dressed young brunette looked across the street at the large neon sign outside the nightclub , it read , master reds golden guitar saloon the home of classic country music .
on the walls were nicely framed pictures of various men and women that brenda recognized immediately after having grown up on classic country music .
the pictures were of famous old country music legends .
brendas job at a music publishing company allowed her to meet many of the famous country music stars she had grown up listening to .
the young brunette was surprised at the way he could do these incredible imitations of the old country music legends .
as she neared the end of her emails , she saw something that made her spine tingle : dear leeza , i thought you might be interested in a country music singer who is using the girls in his fan club as sex slaves .
they were here with a tour group to see country music stars before heading to washington d.c . after a few minutes of small talk , he told them about his private fan club , and explained the initiation required for membership .
they had not planned to give up their virginity tonight , but the opportunity to have sex with a country music star was too irresistible to pass up .
the reporter had looked at the poster of the handsome country singer and could understand why some girls would allow themselves to be sexually exploited by him .
he walked to the mike and announced , hello , i m master red , and band started playing a rousing country song .
if the country singer was a sex fiend , then perhaps she could pry more information out of him if he were distracted by her sexuality .
he had watched her with the country singer and the other girls , and he could tell she was having the time of her life .
there was no doubt that the big country singer would kill him in a fair fight , so he decided the only way he could get revenge was against debbie .
leeza had this paradigm in her mind of what the country singer was , but master red did not appear to fit that description .
chapter 10 doopy dog sat watching the little blonde country music singer and felt a tingling in his crotch .
peggy lynn was a naive country girl from the backwoods of louisiana , and did nt understand that trim was a slang word for sex .
chapter 11 paula sue conway kicked angrily at the loose stones in the dirt country road as she rubbed her sore rear - end .
she could still feel the sting as she walked down the dusty country road .
- its ok for me whenever but i do nt know this city , nor the country so - you really have a strange accent .
the first few days in her new home spent riding a bicycle she found up and down the country roads , stopping at every house , even if she did smell death and hear flies buzzing .
the thought of folding one more damn swan while listening to stupid country music made her spam - laden stomach roil even more .
` ` my dad owned a catering business that he turned into a country club .
dad moved the operation into the country club building when i was ten .
we took buses and trucks here and there , but there 's a whole lotta empty country between there and here , and sometimes it was just faster to walk instead of searching for gas . ''
dragged me halfway ' cross the country to get ' i m .
did you squeeze it in after your eighteen holes and before your sunset cocktails on the veranda of the country home ?
ill see you at the country club , mr . barry , says broad waving goodbye to his elder contemporary , mr . marion barry , chairman of temporo , inc.s board of directors and a solid mentor to broad as the elder man left the room .
were wanted folks so outside of the country should be ideal .
when i was a kid growing up upstate , i never thought i would ever leave the county , let alone the country .
chapter 53 the winds blew over the country field in the evening hours near the farm on the outskirts of town , as juan carlos met up with several friends who were wearing the usual farm hand clothes , overalls and plaid shirts .
he knew there was a series of gruesome murders plaguing the country side and he was on patrol to monitor for suspicious activity in the old industrial part of town , now mostly abandoned .
chapter 86 time : 1890 a.d . , tennessee the ranch of johann mcguire in central tennessee is a quaint range - like feel as the wooden fences and plowed hayfields adorned landscape below the crimson orange country skies over the crop - filled terrain .
we could have one of those short - burning things and after she had returned to her usual routine , she 'd take up with some high - income , tennis playing , go - getting executive type at her local country club .
roy baket took a deep breath of the country air , letting it out slowly .
ten minutes later the elects are speeding along a country road .
pleasant , nothing spectacular ; it is , after all , fairly flat champagne country .
first the country , then mallorca , then me .
whether it 's the massif central , the alps , provence , brittany , the loire valley , the pyrenees , the basque country around biarritz or wherever , france is one beautiful country .
one minute i m driving down a two lane country road on a saturday night and in the blink of an eye i ' m shirtless , strapped down to a cold metal slab in a white wall room with blinding overhead lights .
it is a twelve mile two lane country road lined with scattered homes , farms and large fields .
three were regulars , including claire and two boys , while the other two were girls who came on occasions when they were nt being swept off to visit their father across the country .
kenneth is the country type that likes to wear flannel and boots .
the three of us had been traveling through the country for as long as we could .
in the open country side they would be masters .
the outer city only ran about a half a mile away from the valley , the rest of the walk to the train station would be through the dusty highway that stretched past the city on its way to the heart of the country .
tonia brown - badass zombie road trip jonah has seven days to find his best friends soul , or lose his own , dragging a zombie across the country with a stripper who has an agenda of her own , while being pursued for a crime he did nt commit and dealing with satan .
the atlanta rhythm section once described doraville as a touch of country in the city .
the kind of exit more appropriate for a lazy country road in the middle of nowhere .
while they passed through some of the pleasant rural country of new jersey , with its red barns and cow pastures , she wondered what her immediate future would hold .
she could drive unencumbered in the outer two freeway lanes and did nt have to worry about running out of power on city streets or in the country .
someone named ray , who was a friend of bobs said there was a honky tonk way out in the country that stayed open late and would let them drink there .
ron walked a mile down the country road with alice , one of the head - banded girls before they found a house .
its reminiscent of a country boy and its stuck with me ever since my parents decided they wanted me to be a farmer .
chapter 4 sixty minutes later , the transport arrived at the general 's mansion in the country .
i want to raise them in the country and teach them all the things iramy and my father have taught me .
the same thing you did to your brothers wife on that ferris wheel at the country fair by rocking it back and forth causing her to piss herself .
or when we reached the little country store with the two lonely gas pumps outside it .
someone yelled from inside the cabina woman with a country accent so thick will sounded wheel .
then she only heard the silence of the country night .
she knew that his knowledge of normal interaction between people was lacking , but what was more romantic than a country summer sunset ?
his lordship felt you needed a ... rest in the country .
probably wasted in the country .
( 14 ) so those who fed the swine fled , and they told it in the city and in the country .
several months had dragged by , one day charles was out walking among the country side as he came across a stray wolf .
the sky was blue and the country side was as pretty as ever .
we moved out here near the country to avoid the sight pollution of all the city lights and its vehicles that obscured the stars .
* * * nine rode out into the country with the man called darryl , the one who had climbed down from the telephone pole .
there are some country roads not far from here .
` ` you re welcome , '' patrick said , then stood back up and pulled over a stool to sit across from his father , ` ` i was walking through the woods , about six or seven miles from here , following that old country road from the ridge overlooking it . ''
` ` the man with the gun did n't look like one of guardians that i ' ve seen a few times on the country road .
he knew that if alice took the normal route back from the stream , they would n't cross paths with the guardians who seemed to be headed in the direction of the country road .
they both climbed back up to the top and headed back into the forest , making their way toward the country road .
there were still flickers of sunlight breaking through along the tree line where alice and caleb hurried along , staying parallel to the country road .
they eventually came to the end of the country road , which widened out onto a large cement roadway with three striped lines on one side , a metal railing in the middle , and another set of three striped lines beyond that .
they had been searching closer and closer ever since you saw them on the country road .
a pub of country standards shone with personality .
he started strumming the strings , and a lovely sound infused with the spirit of the country filled the cabin .
they d been driving down a two - lane country road with barren scrublands on either side for the last three hours .
hopes mother drove a very large , very high , square dark green vehicle which was ideally suited to farm tracks and country lanes , and yet was polished to such a shine and so carefully balanced and serviced that she was often reluctant to go anywhere less rink - like than the main road which bypassed tippetts bottom .
the aw - shucks country boy routine is nt going to work on me .
technically , i m from colorado , which means i m not a country boy .
you re a country boy to the core of your being , jake .
i m a country boy , after all .
large communities had been carved out of the country side in the low lands formed by centuries of water erosion .
it was a country and center city was the capital , complete with streets and parks and it was beautiful .
i do work best in the country , that was true even if the rest was a bit of an exaggeration .
i ' m a country girl . ''
i think i 'll head out into the country to see if we can find a nice dark , empty place . ''
an hour later they were deep into the country .
just the sort of neighborhood you would expect to find in just about any town in the country in the last or next half century .
that was just the beginning ; this thing was one of many , there were hundreds of them running around the city and i could only presume thousands around the country , they had reverted to the most primal state .
in adulthood , i enjoyed sport hunting which required using a steed in the high country hills of resort .
channel ten ~ okay got a good one were going to head back , but were going to cut cross country come back massey street or maybe coffeen .
i slide off of blazes back , take his reins , and we head off cross - country into a stand of elm .
they would not fly across the country to a small town to pick up a few expensive trinkets , unless they were stolen .
he liked this part of the country , though it felt a world away from home .
curiba was a country girl , and could appreciate the market of kalhar .
i was good at cross country in school .
i spare a moment to contemplate our grandfathers , sitting in such shelters up and down the country , waiting for an enemy that never came .
she would have to travel way south , into wine country .
in person he looked like a smiling , teddy bear kind of guy who would have looked at home in a country and western bar .
one year he wanted to go to the country and cut down his own christmas tree but all suella could remember was how her mother whined and complained about the trip , coming and going .
yes , the calendar still said winter that was irrelevant in the bright , dry arizona desert country .
the path he was walking on seemed to be , at first glance , simply a rough road on some country trail .
given the short amount of time , anakin had envisioned a small cottage set in the country .
monstrous , the idea that frail nervous paul jacobs , still a vulnerable alien after forty years in the country and pathologically attentive not to run afoul of french law by so much as a jay - walk , could possibly end up in jail as the dead man had .
the small road shook off landfills and junk heaps and started running in empty country alongside the railroad embankment .
nobody knows how i ve been tempted to seek out rails in the open country as i ve finally done and how i think of dull pennies transformed by the trains wheels into copies of rare sunsets over our town .
kindle back there the lauriers tumble - down country place is just thirty miles but , in terms of comfort , a century from paris .
after dinner we sing the most depressing blues and country and western songs that janice can think of .
the universe was vast ; the country alone more miles than he could ever walk .
my man mirkle is watching over him , and as far as i am concerned , he can stew out there in the west country until i can get him safely across the channel to normandy .
high and lonesome country .
as mike steered dung and reddy into bayou country , a fleet of helicopters dropped buckets of lake water onto the sun - baked crowd .
i hoped that he was alright , and decided that i would head back up to the high country as soon as i could , just to see if he was ok .
what she did see as she looked at an overloaded holiday , as some country western gal crooned about being just a shotgun girl devoted to her man , over the blaring speakers of the market faire , what she saw in holiday was a decently good looking guy who was funny and sad at the same time .
the only thing there was a picture of the ' sherwood forest country park visitor centre ' .
heading north , however , we get into greener country , and more forests start to appear .
despite his robotic nature , the grass man seems a creature of the wild , no more than an infrequent guest even in a back - country town like mudcross .
olenhoff helped re - elect mayor joseph fritz , a man who supported his ideas for the city and the country .
he began to walk the long windy country road .
7:14am the country road joined the main ring road on the outskirts of nottingham .
slow down and turn left down this country road , chris said .
he leaned back , as if communing with close acquaintances at the country club .
this location is rural farm country hundreds of kilometers south of the chicago city where colonel walker will eventually build that reclamation center .
they made a good pace on the country roads and only rarely encountered any old vehicles in the roadway except at a few intersections and even then , they had plenty of room to squeeze through .
i can land on a country road a lot softer than slamming it down on an aircraft carrier .
they crossed a broad boulevard to enter a golf course country club by its main driveway .
carmen landed the plane on the country road amid a frightening slalom of telephone pole evasion .
its just the same old country fields and a few cows and stuff .
it instantly became a rusty railway line heading through open country .
however , on his final critical test he had killed an old lady riding her bike down a country lane .
i grew up in the country , remember . '
on the other side of the woods , they came to the back yards of a modern country housing development .
` ` exotic whores , far away postings to peaceful colonies , and an early retirement to one of the country houses surrounded by loyal soldiers ready to slip a dagger into his heart at even the first hint of rebellion , '' i replied .
assault robots are now moving forward towards the open country north of normandy .
unable to deal with his mounting issues , they sent deke away to another foster home in the country .
at least in the country he was able to find some comfort in the forests and fields that surrounded the small town .
more than one pillow , you 're getting soft country boy .
damn you outside of hull , damn to the rhine , you simple country idiot . ''
` ` do you know , mr . reeves , how many hapless country boys are killed in the kickboxing ring ? ''
julian would make his way , winding and side - stepping , with sorrys and excuse me 's and sebastian would stop at a corner or a side - street and watch the hapeless country boy who stood a head above the rest of the crowd work his way through the mass of humanity .
we need to get into the country or to the coast .
a country sized petri dish of disease cultures waiting to mature into typhoid , cholera and salmonellosis .
axel had invited the other two for a week at his fathers house in the country where they would ride and shoot grouse and drink until the early hours .
a winding , one lane country track with trees so thick that their overhanging branches formed a leaf covered passageway .
it was a massive georgian pile set well back on a country road .
they d chosen the location knowing that four gangsters standing in the middle of a country road would have attracted attention they did nt want .
like all those old barns you see when you re driving around the country , it had fallen into disrepair and was really unsafe .
god and country .
so they started , two red coats and two commoners walking through farm country in rural pennsylvania .
the nerves in her right hand often gave her problems but as soon as she was chewing the first bite of thick country potatoes , she ignored her shaking hand and cut a ragged strip of meat , swallowed and stuffed the juicy chunk into her mouth .
the smell of country cooking was in the air .
a slight fatigue sapped at his resolve : the unbroken cross country sprint across the land left him slightly weary .
and the two of them sprang forth and dove into a high speed , cross country sprint towards their destination .
he told me gently , there in that sunbathed , country land , i will build you not just a house but an entire farm , and together with our girls and idan , and james and janna , and illa and tony , we will raise crops and animals .
why do nt you two just whisk me away to a country home and lock me in the attic with the yellow wallpaper ?
the country had been turning more arid as they drove , the river was a oasis .
last we heard , it hit just down the middle of the country .
the caravan hit the open country with the clayhollows jutting up into the blue on their right .
despite the bombing of pithardra and the legions of soldiers making their way north through the country , the imperator 's few steps from his chariot officially claimed ownership of nandia for tiberia .
we stay in country .
tom started singing a country song , two young people without a thing ; say some vows and spread their wings ; settle down with just what they need ; livin on love .
craig used his position to start the local defense against the roaming gangs of people that came out of the big cities to plunder and murder in the country side .
i know that eoin is out of town and i m so far out in the country , i was nt sure you d brave the drive alone .
once her cousin was convinced that hulda was nt running from bill collectors or the law , he agreed to take her out to a cabin of his in the country and let her hide there for a while .
he s up country somewhere .
on the rocks introduces her as a young cowhand working the last of the fall roundup on a new range , gathering cattle and enjoying the quiet country .
the next several shots truly spook my cattle , which commence to hightail it out of the country .
* * * riding the wild country is a fantastic escape from all the hustle and bustle of our modern world .
sure is pretty country though , the finest kind of country .
sure is pretty country though , the finest kind of country .
country with beautiful pine , spruce and aspen forests on the high flanks ; and sagebrush in the valleys .
just the pure love of being wild and free up in that open country , few fences and hardly ever a human to bother their pastoral lifestyle , who would nt warm up to that idea ?
we were ready for new country and this sounded like a place worth checkin out .
now , being as i have been out hereabouts for about a month and rode what seems like every inch of the country gatherin the cattlemans association cattle , me and my mounts have learnt this ground fairly well .
maybe it was their first day in the country .
sure enough , after a day of roaming the country to the west , we have found 10 head between us and are headed back into the canyon , when one dry cow takes it into her head to go into the , of course , thickest brush around , just under the rim rock .
like i said , the finest kind of country .
i have ridden a rodeada , all around the country , he says , and finally found their camp .
he started out in dino country too .
every piece of dead wood in the country is wet from the last few hours of rain and drizzle , so sir jacob and spud fan out in search of sheltered spots where they might find some dry sticks to get a quick cook blaze started .
i am indeed out for a ride , admiring the country .
our homes were in the country with only us to defend them .
winter , sheep go to spud homestead , low warm country , powerful ocean , good spirits .
michaels a country boy , he can track my horse through hell or high water .
we just want to live out in the country , mind our own ps and qs , pints and quarts as it were , and not be bothered .
wo nt just go cross country like a green river cart .
you do nt need me wolf , you know that country betta than i. i got my supplies mostly bought fer trappin season , so we can travel together to my three forks cabin , well have spirit smoke and feast .
` ` i 'd sort of like to live in the country , '' he said .
` ` my toes feel as if i ' ve been shipping them cross country in a refrigeration car . ''
looking around , he realized that he was on a hillside out in the country somewhere .
if this is what it looks like out here in the country , he thought , what must it be like in the city itself ?
somewhere along the north side of that road was the unobtrusive little country lane that led to the sanctuary .
she had wandered into a remote , isolated place far down a country road .
it was farm country , open and rolling , and there was little sign here of the hellish devastation that had blighted the urbanized regions : an occasional fire - damaged barn , or a herd of farm animals that seemed to be roaming unattended , and that was about the worst of it .
and obviously they ' ve come down from saro around through the west , on little country roads .
maybe he could outrun them - disappear into the wooded country on the other side of the road- no .
folks live on bebop there , always have , always will , but on the station i was tuned to they liked to interrupt the top million every now and then for a little down home country western , especially tunes that have to do with me , since i am a sort of galactic hero there , or mascot , more like .
this was out in the country .
` ` how do you like the country , eh ? ''
there 's no shooting on my estate and it 's tame country , full of rodents and small creatures .
people attacking an absolute stranger on a country road ?
shapirov had a house out in the country .
the aircar had landed on the summit of a low hill in the middle of rough country , jumbled rock and scruffy undergrowth , smack in the middle of nowhere .
if he stayed where he was much longer , he 'd find himself speeding southwestward to the trenton section turning of the way , through the heart of the warm and musty - odored yeast country .
it is possible for a terrestrial to leave the city at any of numerous exits and strike out cross country to spacetown , where no barrier will stop him . ''
then he said , ` ` cross country ? ''
` ` cross country !
we said to him , ' the man must have come cross country . '
` ` the spacers insist an earthman did the killing , even though the only way they can make such an accusation stick is to suppose that a city man had left the city and cut cross country to spacetown alone and at night .
you , mr . baley , wo n't even believe that a city dweller is capable of crossing country to get to spacetown .
` ` suppose you had to leave the city at night and walk cross country for half a mile or more . ''
there is a theory , however , that the murderer , in order to commit the crime , did just what we were discussing ; he crossed open country at night and alone .
it occurs to me that a robot , for instance , would have no difficulty at all in crossing open country . ''
he said , ` ` mr . baley , there are two acts involved : walking cross country , and murder .
r. daneel was on the scene at the time of the murder , and if you omit the possibility of an earthman having moved across open country , carrying a weapon with him , daneel and daneel alone of all the persons on the scene could have hidden the weapon . ''
you refused to understand that the fanatical service of an ideal , even a mistaken ideal , could make a man do things quite beyond his ordinary capacity , as , for instance , crossing open country at night to destroy someone he considered an archenemy of his cause .
` ` there is no difficulty in the notion of a robot crossing open country .
` ` if they asked about the long interval between your entering spacetown , commissioner , and your arrival at dr . sarton 's dome , you could say - let 's see - that you saw someone lurking through the streets and heading for open country .
outside it was cloudy , as it had been the time he was taken across open country to the palace .
farmer stor gendibal jogged along the country road outside the university .
we left in a hurry and it never occurred to me to bring a supply , but really , novi , there are only the two of us and we 'll be together for some time in very close quarters and it 's needless to be - to be - so concerned - about ... '' he gestured vaguely , became aware of the horrified look in her eyes , and thought : well , she 's only a country girl after all and has her standards ; probably would n't object to improprieties of all kinds - but with her clothes on .
the place had once been a tragically if predictably short - lived country - and - western bar .
` ` good country folk . ''
being out there in the country .
i headed for warden country .
` ` he bids you and your retainers be welcome to this , his country seat , wizard dresden , and offers you the blood of my life as proof of his welcome and his compliance with the accords . ''
the closer they came to the desert , the more barren the country , and odrade commented on this as they sped south .
some few merchants remained awake there sniffing for the spice - biscuit money of the back country or the jingle in a pilgrim 's purse .
fay had told the architect to put radiant heating into the house , the resistance wire type , and up in the country where they were , it would cost them a fortune in electricity .
worse than anything else , fay could never find a baby sitter up there in the country , and the consequence was that gradually she and charley stopped visiting people .
during the summer he had now and then hired himself out as a fruit picker and gotten carried , by open truck , miles out into the country ; that was his favorite job because he got to stuff himself with fruit .
` ` he ought to be up in the country , '' charley said .
but that is one aspect of country life .
contemplating my brother lounging around the house all day made me realize how neally coopedup you are in the country ; there 's no place to go and nobody to visit - you just sit home all day reading or doing housework or taking care of the kids .
charley got the buick up to eighty - five on the straightaway , and the warm mid - day wind , the fresh - smelling country wind , blew in around us and cleaned the can of the smell of moldy paper and old laundry .
after we had reached the hills overlooking olema and tomales bay , jack began to recognize that he had passed entirely out of the town area and had entered the country .
he noticed the shabby , peeling old wooden windmills , the boarded - up abandoned buildings , the chickens scratching in driveways , and that indubitable sign of the country : the butane tanks mounted one behind each house .
` ` living up in the country where there 's nothing to do and nobody worth knowing . ''
that was one of her major motives for desiring a large house isolated in the country .
i love it up here in the country ; this is such a beautiful area .
as they drove up the sir francis drake highway , through the park , jaffers said , ` ` this is sure beautiful country .
the only job that was open was that of milker , and this reminded me of what charley had said originally , that milking would be my best bet up here in the country .
` ` because when corpsetaker gets his membership to the mount olympus country club , the first thing he 's going to do is find his nearest rival - you - and rip your pancreas out through your nose . ''
ebenezar had taught me what i knew of astronomy , on long , dark summer evenings in the ozark hills , hay doors to the barn 's loft open , stars overhead shining in the country darkness by the millions .
go twenty miles from a town hall and there 's nothing but lightly settled farm country .
aboard his cart , tibor mcmasters rode in style , with a flourish ; pulled by the faithful cow , the cart rattled and bounced on , and miles of weedy pasture passed by , flat country with stalks rising , both tough and dry : this had become arid land , not fit for crops any longer .
the good , the evil , the beautiful , the dark , the cities , the country -- the entire world -- all were mirrored for an instant within the upraised blade .
basque country .
five minutes later , the bus was barreling along an unlit spanish country road .
five miles away , the man in wire - rim glasses sat in the back of a fiat taxi as it raced headlong down a country road .
for the first time in decades , he truly understood that there was more to life than country and honor .
` ` like love of country , '' rick said .
out into the country , away from the city ?
he thought of ' the army bringing in supplies , and the red cross ; he thought of small towns in the country making their possessions available .
i wish i could get out of town ; i wish i could emigrate to the open country where there 's none of this brutal cruelty and hoodlumism .
` ` hardy , '' stuart said suddenly , ` ` i want to get out of the city and out into the country . ''
the country is sterile ; you 'd miss the flow of ideas that you have here in the city .
anyhow , you 're apt to run into the old race prejudice against negroes , out in the country ; they ' ve reverted to the old patterns . ''
there must be millions of freak plants growing around out in the country , like there 're all those freak animals and funny people here in the city . ''
` ` well , '' gill said , ` ` in the country you 're faced constantly with the death of animals ; that 's always been one of the basic unpleasant verities of rural life .
i think , she decided , that mr . tree would be the best because he lives out in the country with sheep and does n't see too many people , and it would be easier on bill that way because he would n't have to know very much about talking .
hard times in the country , out on penny 's farm .
the north country has few people of any sort , or so it appeared during my sojourn there .
verily , i can say that some of the forests in the wild north country do provoke a feeling of fear , for which i can not account .
then we were allowed entry into the great hall of king rothgar , which verily i say is to be counted one of the marvels of all the world , and all the more for its presence in the crude north country .
the return from the north country now i passed some further weeks in the company of the warriors and nobles of the kingdom of rothgar .
` ` i ' m to take you to the private dwelling of a doctor living in the country , '' planch told lodovik as they waited for transportation from the passenger terminal .
and why this ride into the country -- just to relive old , sometimes painful memories ?
i listened for a soothing sound , the bell of a country town at nightfall , and it told me only that i am the sound and soul of this place . ''
the forests had been gone long now , replaced by the monotonous flat country : endless , desolate fields gone to timothy and low shrubs , shacks , eerie , deserted estates guarded by brooding , shadowed mansions where demons undeniably walked ; leering , empty shanties where the people had either moved on or had been moved along , an occasional dweller 's hovel , given away by a single flickering point of light in the dark , or by sullen , inbred clans toiling silently in the fields by day .
it was ugly country .
he had been in desert country long enough to know that the longer the lull , the harder the wind would blow when it finally decided to start up .
even a groundcar would be preferable to this painful march across country where one route felt much like another .
grant pushed the speaker button , and ellie heard a raspy old - man 's voice speaking rapidly : ` ` -hell of an annoyance from some epa fellow , seems to have gone off half cocked , all on his own , running around the country talking to people , stirring up things .
he got into the country .
every trip out to the country was a huge treat .
the boy needed no explanation ; the only thing grandpa and his friends out here in the country feared more than sudden freezes was fire .
it ai n't summer by more'n a country mile .
chapter 017 rick diehlof biogen was changing in the locker room of the bel air country club .
going cross - country , to crazy places like ohio - who knew what he might come across .
just a lot of guys playing pool in their leather chaps , drinking beer and swigging the occasional jell - o shot , listening to a mix of country and classic disco .
couple of those guys were really into country music . ''
patricia moore stared at my chest in horror ; the jolly country singer stared back .
` ` on the way to his country estate .
` ` we 'll rendezvous at the legate 's country estate .
so physical conflict is out unless i kill the centurion , and having a member of the legate 's household go missing so shortly after an attack on his country estate , well , that would n't sell anybody on vel 's cover .
` ` as you may know , my country estate was attacked some days ago . ''
there is legal precedent for flavius to require his country estate to be rebuilt , for the prince to pay the cost of new centurions . ''
she 's come a long way from the woman we met at flavius 's country estate .
` ` except that when the country club gets a bug up its nose and decides that someone is out , nobody dies as a result , '' i said , and added , ` ` mostly . ''
it was the kind of smile you see at country clubs and in boardrooms and on crocodiles .
by themselves they sound almost like big bugs , like something that might buzz by you real fast out in the country on a hot , muggy summer afternoon .
she paid flattering attention to evans , asking him how his trip over had been , how he liked iceland , how long he was staying in the country .
the graphic behind their heads read ` ` killings in canyon country '' and apparently referred to the deaths of the men in flagstaff , but evans had come in too late to hear the news .
but we ca n't make our way cross country . ''
then the tree - lined country road was gone .
` ` i mean , my wife is in bad trouble somewhere up the line , for all i know she 's being eaten alive by vampires or vampire bugs , and here i sit beside a country road with a guy whose most basic skill is shooting people , trying to work out how i ' m going to start a fucking corporation ! ''
i ca n't see cullum in a suit and tie , but traveling around the country and throwing monkeywrenches in sombra 's business ? ''
he may be a country cousin , but he 's a long way from stupid , eddie thought .
cullum had gotten out of bed that morning no more than a country caretaker , one of the world 's unknown and unseen .
three city boys in cow country , how about that .
he 's been very quiet since we left his house burning in the middle of farm country .
beautiful country . ''
this was the way a deer or a rabbit must feel when it got halfway across a country road and turned its head only to be fixated by the oncoming glare of headlights .
` ` what popular country and western singer had hits with ' a boy named sue , ' ' folsom prison blues , ' and numerous other shitkicking songs ? ''
he moved into the heavy old country atmosphere of olive oil and garlic that surrounded ' cimi dretto .
better by a country mile !
london was the largest urban concentration in the world at that time , but by modern standards the division between city and country life was blurred .
the family occasionally weekended in the country at the home of mrs . trent 's parents , but during these outings most of the servants remained in the mansion .
this was important , for it proved that the rats were indeed country animals , and not infected with any disease .
when one recognizes that the owner of a sporting pub with a well - attended rat pit might buy two thousand rats a week -- - and a good country rat could fetch as much as a shilling -- - it is not surprising that many individuals made a living as ratcatchers .
` ` i maintained the hope -- - not falsely , i pray -- - that as a bachelor , you might have knowledge -- - ah , that you might make an introduction on my behalf to a fresh girl , a country girl . ''
i am pleased to recommend to you a very pretty fair young girl , just come from the country , and i think you will like her very much .
when mr . chubb appeared a few moments later , the woman announced that she was lady charlotte simms ; that she and her invalid husband maintained a country estate in the midlands , and that recent episodes of thievery in the neighborhood had convinced her that she and her husband needed a safe .
it 's all open country there .
the man 's voice carried an irritating country twang that rasped on thurlow 's nerves .
i saw the whole journey now , saw her and jared 's and jamie 's careful trek across the country , always by night in their inconspicuous stolen vehicle .
the happy man was driving down a country road behind the wheel of his avis rental car .
too country and western .
they passed through a small village with a country store and a gas station .
on the steps of the country store , a young woman held up her tiny son so he could see them .
the country grew hillier .
they walked through a country crossroads with a single lightpole rearing high above , spotlighting them and making crisp black shadows as they passed through the glare .
there could be no doubt that maine was garraty country , but he found the signs and cheers and the gibes of the others all a little mortifying .
then they were out in the country again .
not long after that they reached the top of a gentle grade and stared down into the green , unpopulated country ahead .
i keep thinking about the trip the garins took across the country just before bill amp ; june amp ; the two oilier kids were killed .
back in the fifties , that had been , when you could n't get smashed without a tie on if you were a member of the country club set .
i thought of telling him that just the sound of his voice might be enough to bring down the hangwall , the way people yelling can sometimes be enough to bring down avalanches up in the high country .
his head fills with a swirl of garish red light that makes him think of honkytonk neon and country music .
these people were on the right side of the road , the side that faced the combination marina and country club they were just passing .
` ` when do we get over open country again , captain ? ''
west takes us over pretty open country .
best damned school in the country for a boy his age .
they were approaching a large , ramshackle building that might once have been a storage shed or an abandoned country market , and she eyed it uneasily , her hand dropping to the butt of the gun she wore on her chest .
eddie thought it beat by a country mile any cake he 'd ever had .
the palatial buildings which lined their way spread out until they resembled ivy - covered country houses on huge , run - to - riot lawns , and eddie realized they had entered what had once been a very ritzy neighborhood indeed .
would n't do to try anything foolish -like taking her out for a ride in the country , or bringing a radio to the porch .
he saw himself driving her out into the country .
she did n't like the country , mary beth .
' i ca n't go with you to the country , ' michael said .
they can have breakfast waiting for us in the country .
the car tunneled deeper and deeper into the green - tinted light , ragged rays of sun here and there piercing the shadows , while beyond , the low country on both sides , full of high grass , and tall shapeless shrubbery seemed to close in upon the sky and upon the house itself .
cart after cart was filled with ashes and charred bits of wood and bone and coal , and then the procession moved out of the little place , with its solemn - faced folk standing about , and into the green country again , and it was then that i laid eyes upon deborah mayfair , the witch 's daughter .
this chatter was in french for the most part , and the young husband was spirited in his response , breaking off to ask me many polite questions as to the conditions of my voyage , and my liking of port - au - prince , and how long i would be staying with them , and other polite remarks as to the friendliness of the country , and how they had prospered at maye faire and meant to buy the adjacent plantation as soon as the owner , a drunken gambler , could be persuaded to sell .
even in her castle , she was that frightened country lass always , counting lasher as the sole cause of her fortune , and nothing else .
they frequently came to town as a trio , with only a quadroon governess to watch over them , staying in a lavish suite at the st louis hotel and buying out the fashionable stores before their return to the country there was a shocking story at the time that katherine wanted to see the famous quadroon balls where the young women of mixed blood danced with their white suitors ; and so she went with her quadroon maid to the balls , and had herself presented there as being of mixed blood , and fooled everyone .
while mary beth and her older brothers , clay and vincent , were growing up in the country , julien 's brother , remy mayfair , and his wife - a mayfair cousin and grandchild of lestan mayfair - took possession of the mayfair house , and lived there for years , having three children , all of whom went by the name of mayfair and two of whom have descendants in louisiana .
she went out to metame to visit deirdre at cortland 's house on country club lane .
i do n't want to sound like marlon brando in on the waterfront , but the crickets make me nervous in the country too .
' on the way home from the funeral , coming back out to the country to get me , he saw a man on the road and swerved , rolled over twice , and just got out of the damned car before it exploded .
he wanted you to come to them , out there in the country , read the file out there .
where the low country spreads out forever .
' and you 'll tell it to the whole country club , ' said randall , ' just the way you always have . '
it had the nice cozy feel of a country place after first street - with its lower ceilings and simpler crown moldings , and the large deep fireplace , built not for coal but for a real raging log fire .
and now i have to go to that little rat 's ass country colombia , he reflected .
and then he began to sing loudly , almost shouting to the tune of the old john denver song : ` ` quondam phone , makes me roam , to the place i belong , old black rocky , country byway , quondam phone , it 's on roam . ''
bellowing , the old man sang : ` ` to the place i belong , old black magic , it 's so tragic , country foam , makes me groan . ''
the civilization of crime : violence in town and country since the middle ages .
its divided stance had always amused eddie , who called his bird - frightener the scarecrow without a country - mr swac for short .
not to mention country music downloads , which scarecrow joe saw he got for free .
barbie was n't sure there was that much difference between city mice and country mice when they were under stress , but he kept his mouth shut .
' good evening , ms shumway ' ' oh , colonel cox , how wonderful to hear your voice , ' she said brightly ' you ca n't imagine how thrilled we country mice are to get out - of - town calls .
velma is a big , burly woman who combs her hair like bobby darin and looks like she could be the warrior queen of dyke nation , but she has buried two husbands and the story you can hear at the bullshit table in sweetbriar is that she fucked them both to death and is looking for number three at dipper 's on wednesdays ; that 's country karaoke night , and draws an older crowd .
poetry , though ... going around the country ( maybe on a motorcycle ) ... doing readings and teaching seminars , free as a bird ... that would be cool .
what if he 's killed him aire - ' carter grabbed her , spun her around as he would have spun a partner at a country dance , and hoisted her arm behind her back until her shoulder creaked .
they want food , oprah , country music , and a warm bed to thump uglies in when the sun goes down .
they want to see the land used for a country club or something on that order .
we have to go out to the country sometimes , for safety 's sake . ''
who bothers to sneak ghouls into the country as covert muscle if they ca n't pass as locals ? ''
he thinks we 're a trio of snotnoses ; that we see him and everyone else here as country bumpkins .
he would enjoy putting his boot into the balls of the one with that idiotic bird 's skull on his saddle - horn - standing there and mocking him , he 'd been , thinking all the while that herk avery was too country - dumb to know what he was up to - but the thing he 'd realty enjoy would be beating the cool look from the eyes of the boy in the flathead preacher 's hat , seeing a hotter expression of fear rise up in them as mr . will dearborn of hemphill realized that new canaan was far away and his rich father could n't help him .
these country mice knew a lot .
for the time being , all latigo cared about was catching the men who had ambushed him ... if an ambush in desert country was even possible .
it could n't have been easy for him , and it must have been damned scary in places - there were wheels and wheels of wild country between mejis and gilead , and plenty of wild folks , too .
wellesley 's spies had reported already a dozen raiding bands or more , moving through the north country , stealing from farms and seizing cattle ; laurence had marked them on his map , as best the reports could place them .
there was a moment , then , when it all came back to her - how it was to be young : to have a firm , slim body that would do whatever she wanted it to do ; to run down a country lane for the simple unladylike joy of running ; to have men smile at her just because she was herself and happy about it .
we live in the country , just the right distance out of town for the city dwellers to abandon their cats near us .
and then a low roar - down the country road at the bottom of our drive , in the distance , lumbered a late - night truck , its blazing headlights burning bright as green suns through the binoculars .
anywhere in the country , i would have been willing , but not the mission inn .
i 'd fly across the country to make the drive to riverside .
this too was ancient and shipped from the old country , just as the other had been , and covering the entire back wall of the sanctuary to a momentous height .
he played all the ripping crowd - pleasers he knew , and if they clapped for the bluegrass then off he went , the country fiddler with the lute , and they jigged around him .
and they 'll follow us now out of town and into the country .
that night as he lay in bed , in a large country house , miles from the city , he thought about the girl who had crouched down and put up her hands .
this house in the country here was like that house in mandeville .
it showed glossy pictures of the manor , with special references to its jacuzzis and indoor heated swimming pool , and on the back was the sort of map that conference centers always have , which makes use of a careful misscaling to suggest that it is handy for every motorway exit in the nation while carefully leaving out the labyrinth of country lanes that in fact surrounds it for miles on every side .
newt had spent a lot of time at his grandmother 's house in the country and thought he knew something about the habits of both goats and bees , and concluded therefore that the magazine was run by a bunch of bib .. overalled maniacs .
despite the fact that the lyrics did n't rhyme , or , as a rule , make any sense , and that marvin , who was not particularly musical , had stolen all the tunes from old country songs , jesus is my buddy had sold over four million copies .
marvin had started off as a country singer , singing old conway twitty and johnny cash songs .
r. p. tyler , short , well .. fed , satisfied , stomped down a country lane , accompanied by his wife 's miniature poodle , shutzi .
he surveyed the fallen branches that littered the narrow country road .
and the little scooter went putputputputputput down the narrow country lane .
his knowledge of country lore was a little hazy , but he felt fairly sure that if the cows lay down , it meant rain .
and he reversed back down the country lane in his burning car .
` ` and you know , i sometimes think it would be a nice thing to get a little bungalow , in the country somewhere .
he supposed she had gone back to her parents ' house in the country , and he had no desire to phone her there .
they told him that they did n't think much of american hippies who wandered about the countryside taking drugs , and that he 'd probably feel better after a nice cup of tea and a tuna and cucumber sandwich , but that if he was dead set on wandering the country taking drugs , young ernie who worked the afternoon shift would be all too happy to sell him a nice little bag of homegrown cannabis , if he could come back after lunch .
they were in the bar of a small hotel in the west country , burgundy - colored carpets , fawn - colored wallpaper .
it was a country and western song .
on paper , again and again , she rearranged her trunk , as if she were traveling cross - country .
` ` cross - country , '' temeraire said , latching on to the first part of this nearly incomprehensible narrative , ` ` -across your own country ? ''
at last they began a descent over what seemed to laurence a sprawling country estate : a great wilderness of gardens in the chinese style - meandering paths and great pitted boulders amidst running streams crossed by graceful arched bridges , and a large pavilion which might have accommodated a horde of dragons beside the house .
' t is a cold winter in that country , so i ' ve heard : a cold winter to be out on the barren plain , haunted by wild beasts , without a fire to sit beside and all the french army on our heels . ''
` ` i am certain that she would love to be involved in the wedding , should she be in the country .
` ` then , '' said rosie 's mother , much as alexander the great might have ordered the sacking and pillaging of a little persian village , ` ` the next time she is in the country , you must invite her over .
for example , he learned that music , real music , proper music , was country and western music .
- 2 days later - i wake up in a different place , like a cottage in the country - that 's how it smells and how the sun feels shining in through the open window .
twenty minutes later i smell cornbread , pinto beans , and country ham .
well , he runs that big church down south that sounds like a country singer .
crystal corral does sound like a country singer .
i ' m guessing the country charmer portion of the program is over .
i get the full pitch : fully subsidized dreaming on a pastoral country campus , a hundred acres , wholly owned and maintained by crystal corral ministries .
i believe the last time i saw you , it was in a country church where you were moonlighting as a doormat .
when i crashed that country church , i learned a lot about their protocols , and those tend to be consistent across the board .
take the farmboys back at the country church .
you and i started a conversation earlier , back at that country church .
the small nimble aircraft - really no more than a hang glider with lawn - mower engine and propeller - were perfect for traversing the raw country by air , buzzing the caribou herds or flying low over the tundra .
though it was already spring , mornings in the alaskan high country were as cold as any midwestern winter .
he heard the twangs of a country music station flowing from the open door .
` ` so you both survived cologne , '' he said , his eyes traveling up and down rachel 's form , as if sizing up a prized calf at a country fair .
he still belonged to the oldavi country club , exclusively white , where even after the fall of apartheid much economic power was still brokered .
beyond the gates , a wide courtyard opened , framed on two sides by the wings of a small country cottage estate .
gray spoke as the limousine sailed out of the exclusion zone and into the open country .
10:15 p.m. terni , italy gray stood guard before the window , staring out at the dark garden behind the old country farmhouse .
they might as well have been driving through open country .
he poked at a shaded section that spread northward from new orleans in a v shape , covering most of what would later be the middle of the country .
` ` we 'll take them for a ride in the country .
8:12 p.m. lisa guided the ford explorer down the country road , trying her best to ignore the gore still staining the seat .
only the low thrust gravity spoiled the illusion of being in a private country club somewhere in the green belt of south asia .
` ` do n't let him fool you with that humble old country priest act , '' cortez boomed over the top of her .
but dylan had never failed in a hunt - not on his family 's country estate , and certainly not now .
it was lonely country up here beyond the fence , the rock all fractured and lightning - blasted .
between it and the three antique gun cases behind the desk , ethan felt he had the trappings of a country sheriff down cold .
sure he could ' ve circumnavigated that piece of open country .
for the last three days he 'd been climbing into high country .
had they ever actually visited one of the manors , experienced the true dullness of country life in person , or did they merely fantasize about it from the comfort of their cosmopolitan cities ?
storming country scribes !
it was , as i think i ' ve mentioned before , polished by a thousand years or more of our master 's touch , and it was now , as belzedar had so astutely noticed , more a jewel than a piece of plain , country rock .
they breed like rabbits , but they 're still going to be outnumbered , so they wo n't want to meet us in open country .
she fetched me a pail of water , warm from the hearth , a cloth , a towel of sorts , and a cake of brown country soap .
the morinds will trade ivory walrus tusks and priceless sea - otter skins and the hides of those dangerous white bears for a string of beads you can buy in any country fair for a penny . '
then , posing like a charlatan in a country fair , i spoke the words that released my will in a voice they probably heard in kell .
' this is awfully open country around here , ' algar said , looking out at the vast grassland .
twenty are selected and are taken to country estates lying in the vicinity of sthiss tor for training .
a couple of the clans are occupying the area up around darine , but there are too many trees west of the mountains to make the country good for cows .
primitive alorns all lived in the forest , and open country depresses them .
central algaria is rolling country , and there are a lot of hills and grassy ravines that provide cover for the cavalry units .
i tramped the back roads and country lanes of central sendaria all during the autumn and early winter of that year , and i ' m positive that chamdar 's grolims were watching my every move .
i thought that i knew most of the country lanes in all the western kingdoms , but my sharp - nosed little companion led me along roads i 'd never even seen before .
she 'd chosen a simple country blacksmith instead and lived on this remote farmstead .
' after fleet - foot trampled all over the cult in algaria , the survivors fled into the fens and then into the border country off toward gar og nadrak .
the sky cleared in the late afternoon , though , and we were treated to one of those glorious sunsets that almost make living in rainy country worthwhile .
a kind of peace comes over me in high country that i feel in no other surroundings .
by the summer of 2331 , the lake - shore house was complete , and i began to divide my time between my town house in vo wacune and my country house on lake erat .
my hereditary retainers , both in my house in vo wacune and in my country estate on lake erat , filled in that enormous gap that the mortality of loved ones always brings into our lives .
we struck out from the beach in the general direction of lake sulturn , staying on the back roads and country lanes .
a prosperous merchant probably would n't be too excited about marrying his daughter off to some country bumpkin .
we went southwesterly , and after a few days we reached the crossroads where the country lane we were following intersected with the imperial highway .
it was definitely time to get him out of the country and back to civilization .
it did n't come up to the standards of my town house in vo wacune nor my country house on lake erat , but i did n't really want it to .
pounding through towns and villages as if torak himself were snapping at your heels attracts attention , though , so father took the back roads and country lanes instead , and he did n't crowd his horse .
' i ' m just a plain - spoken country boy , pol .
i 'll lead him around sendaria until he gets to know every back lane and country crossroad in the whole silly kingdom - intimately .
the endless rain which had so bedeviled the low country during the years since torak 's eclipse had fallen as snow in the mountains of holy ulgo , but father and i did n't have to make the trip on foot , so we avoided that particular unpleasantness .
that 's why you 're a cooper instead of a magistrate or a country squire . '
' well then , ' darral said , ' when winter comes , i think i 'll take a little trip on down to the low country and ask a few questions about the going price of granite .
father and i stuck to the woods on our journey down to the low country , and he was very careful to erase our tracks in the snow as we went .
spring eventually arrived , and after the mud had dried on the local country lanes , i selected a few of my most nondescript dresses , some odds and ends of clothing for garion , and bundled them all up in a slightly threadbare blanket .
i ' m a country boy , remember ?
he 's fairly safe in this jungle , but just as soon as he gets out into open country , the atans will grind him into dog meat right on the spot . '
the note told us to continue down the coast , but once we get past the tamul mountains , we 're supposed to cut across country to sopal instead of continuing south .
' it could be good country , friend tikume , ' kring said , adjusting his black leather jerkin and looking around at the rocky desert .
we ' ve been running kll 's soldiers to death in open country , so they want to get us into tight quarters . '
' the whole thing was at about the same level as you 'd find at a country fair - one that 's held a long way from the nearest town . '
the city gates were unguarded , and the party rode on out into open country where the wind , unimpeded , savaged them all the more .
' i would n't want to seem critical of my betters , my lords , ' he said dryly , ' but the decision to abandon the road and cut across country may have been just a little ill - advised on a day when we ca n't see the sun .
the place looked to sparhawk 's somewhat jaundiced eye like a country fair operated by a profoundly color - blind entrepreneur .
the peasantry took the occasion of their passing as an excuse for a holiday , and the road was usually lined with crowds of country people who had come out to gawk .
when i was a simple country pastor , i used this exact method to ensure regular attendance at services .
sparhawk could not be certain if the baron 's stilted speech was a characteristic of the country , a personal idiosyncrasy , or a nervous reaction to the rank of his visitors .
' if he is using a phalanx formation , ' tynian continued , ' it means that he 's never come up against mounted troops before and that he 's used to fighting in open country . '
the country lying ahead looked wild and rugged .
now , i ' m jist a country boy at hort ' thout no real citified ways t ' get me by in town , an ' so i tooken t ' sea , an ' t ' make it short , i fetched up on this yere furrin coast an ' beat my way inland , the capting of the ship i wuz a - sailin ' on wantin ' t ' talk t ' me 'bout some stuff ez had turnt up missin ' fum the cargo hold , y ' know . '
' my parents were country people , ' alean continued , ' so they did n't know about the count 's reputation .
' i do n't usually carry that much with me when i come down into the low country , though - only enough to pay for what i need .
i do n't believe he 'll gamble his army in open country .
` ` have n't you ever traded horses at a country fair before , silk ? ''
` ` at least it does n't go across open country , '' silk said .
the country around here 's awfully flat .
the country 's pretty flat there , and all the vegetation 's been dead for years . ''
he sounded for all the world like a country squire or minor nobleman greeting friends from the neighborhood .
` ` considering the fact that i look like an unlettered country oaf ? ''
mal zeth makes tol honeth look like a country fair and camaar like a village market . ''
` ` if she 's still here with my son , i 'll start a war that 's going to make vo mimbre look like a country fair . ''
` ` a country fair , perhaps ? ''
the country through which they rode for the next week was rocky and only sparsely vegetated .
the bear - cult does n't believe in new thoughts , so it 's the natural sort of thing to attract country people . ''
once the track came down out of the mountains , it merged imperceptibly with a series of sunken country lanes meandering through the fields .
' i ' m beginning to give some thought to retirement , sparhawk - some quiet country estate where i can entertain myself in the company of a bevy of immoral young women - begging your majesty 's pardon .
about midday , they turned southeast to ride across country .
the nave of the basilica was a riot of often conflicting colours , more closely resembling the site of a cammorian country fair than a place where a solemn funeral was being conducted .
i need to know if it 's just some rabble he 's scraped together from country fairs and roadside taverns or something more serious . '
ortzel , what 's the country like around there ? '
their enthusiasm waned , however , at the notion of meeting a vastly superior force in open country .
the country to the south is fairly flat , so riding in the dark wo n't be all that dangerous .
' and martel 's never been very fond of going across country . '
she wore a black country dress when she met them at the gate of the farm on which she and her husband had laboured for so many years .
it 's the sort of thing country boys do - follow their fathers ' trades . '
' you 're going to suggest a ride in the country . '
wait until you 're out in open country and the sun comes up .
they occasionally passed a farmhouse standing beside the foggy road with hazy golden lamplight streaming from its windows , a sure sign that even though the sky had not yet started to lighten , day had already begun for the country folk .
` ` i think we 'll go across country .
cut across country before you reach lenda and pick up the road again south of town i ' m sure annias has spies in lenda too . ''
we 're in a hurry , so we decided to cut across country . ''
` ` it might be better if we took this road to the border rather than cutting across country again .
i do n't like riding through strange country before it 's full~ light , but under the circumstances - ` ` then he turned sternly to berit .
` ` well , sir , '' he continued , ` ` the battle seemed't ' be more or less over , the zemochs havin ' won an ' all , but then a hull bunch of them thalesian lads , what had probably had to wait around for boats up there in the north country , come chargin ' in an ' done some real awful things to them there zemochs . ''
` ` it 's a big stretch of country , '' sparhawk winced .
` ` he set out to map the country between emsat and husdal .
` ` according to my map , the country beyond the city of venne is a little rugged and very under populated .
the lane was lined on both sides by low field - stone walls , and like all country lanes , it wandered .
they moved out , following the winding country lane across the fields .
aslade 's a country girl , and most country girls have already started to swell when they get married .
aslade 's a country girl , and most country girls have already started to swell when they get married .
we have to get out into open country so that flute and i can sense which way he 's going with it .
` ` we 'll just slip out and find some country vicar or the abbot of a monastery and get him to order us to go back to what we were doing . ''
they passed briefly through farm country , and neat farmsteads stood here and there along the road .
the country became more rolling , and they could clearly see the dark green mountains to the north now .
` ` it 's big country up here , '' kurik said , looking around .
' do you think martel might just try to come across country and avoid the roads ? '
' we 'll cut across country to demos and then ride directly to cimmura .
` ` that 's one of the things you should know about the north country .
they worked rather well last autumn in the north country . ''
` ` that might be all right in open country , '' an archer called sleeps - with - dogs said , ` ` but i do n't think it 'd work out too well in the forest . ''
if i remember right , you were with us down in veltan 's domain , and the country above the falls of vash did n't have very many trees .
they are n't real soldiers anyway , and that grubby country off to the north is all they 're really fit to defend .
` ` you do n't see too many hills this close to a beach in flat country , '' danal reminded his friend .
if we can pinpoint the most probable route the bug - people will take when they invade , we should be able to stop them before they reach open country .
the north country 1 at first light captain hook - beak rowed a skiff across the harbor near veltan 's house to speak with narasan .
i ' ve always sort of liked open country without people cluttering it up .
does empty country bother you , trenicia ? ''
3 the lack of obstructions in the meadowland of the matakan nation had given narasan the opportunity to spread his army out , and they were now covering much more ground each day than they had in rougher country , so it was only about two and a half days later when they reached dahlaine 's mountain .
` ` we ' ve got matans and tonthakans with us , '' sorgan explained , ` ` and they can move around in rough country quite a bit faster than your men can .
if the bug - people manage to get out into open country , they 'll spread out and kill all the people and take the land . ''
' that 's very rugged country up there , big brother .
' nice country , veltan , ' a trogite with silver - touched hair at his temples observed .
the map veltan had constructed lay down below , and so far as omago could determine , it was a perfect duplicate of the mountainous country around the falls of vash .
the archers could come across country , though , and if i remember your lumpy picture correctly , a straight line from lattash to your house here would be less than half as far as a ship would have to travel . '
he 'd obviously been measuring distances in the map - room , and he rather casually advised narasan and sorgan that the archers could come across country in about half the time it 'd take if they came by sea .
just look the country up there over and see if you can spot the most likely invasion route .
' that happens a lot in hilly country , ' gunda said .
` ` you know the country around here better than any of the rest of us do , red - beard , '' sorgan said .
` ` if you do n't mind some advice , be careful in case you plan to go down into the low country , '' he said seriously .
there appeared to be less leather involved in the clothing of the burghers of the capital than had been the case in the back country , but even here most garments were black , and only occasionally was there a splash of blue or yellow .
` ` what 's the country like out there ? ''
groups of country militia drilled in the brown slush in village squares ; old swords and bent pikes , long forgotten in dusty attics or damp cellars , had been located and scraped free of rust in preparation for the war everyone knew was coming .
it was perhaps noon of the following day when they turned off the main road leading to erat into the country lane that led to faldor 's farm .
her dress was a country dress , but her hair was still golden , and she was even more beautiful than before .
` ` pretend to be a simple country bumpkin with no idea of what 's going on .
i need open country to maneuver in .
they remounted and rode across the rolling fields toward a line of trees that marked the course of a winding country lane about a mile away .
because gold coins were so rare in country dealings , the word seemed to have an almost magic quality .
the country was hilly and timbered but , since the wagons were empty , their horses made good time.garion paid scant attention to the scenery as they trundled up the valley of the darine .
their route skirted the edge of the foothills through rolling and sparsely settled country , and the sky hung gray and cold overhead .
that part of his mind which sometimes spoke to him in dry detachment told him that his fears were probably groundless and that his gawking made him appear to be a doltish country bumpkin .
aside from that , the lady in question had been seen leaving london yesterday with her husband , bound for their country estate .
being chased across the country .
on a stony outcrop of land higher than the surrounding country , they passed a lord 's pavilion with walls of heavy sailcloth .
yet she knew that beyond them was open country , farms and fields and forests , and beyond that , north and north and north again , stood winterfell .
now they call themselves the wild hares and gallop about the country with rabbitskins tied to the ends of their lances , singing songs of chivalry . ''
lord caswell 's keep was scarcely tall enough to call a tower , but the country was low and flat and catelyn could see for leagues in all directions .
we 'd eat the country bare , or get butchered in a battle by some bigger host .
26 he left the highway , cutting through open fields , crossing lonely country lanes , pausing to refill his canteen with water from an icy stream , navigating as the ancients did , by the north star .
after the moroccan embassy , returned to the king 's good graces , he had lived in the town of versailles until the builders finished his own country lodge .
unlike fitzgerald , he did have an instinct across open country .
it was weird country .
he was wearing a khaki hat and khaki half - pant and carrying a country made double - barreled gun .
it could be a country and western hit .
he helped lord vladire run werewolves out the country .
about ten years ago a country singer with a cult following shot himself in the head near heron lake .
the only place i ve heard of besides this cabin is heron lake and only because of cam stokes , the country singer whose suicide started a really creepy fad .
the country singer who committed suicide here must be significant , but i ca nt make the connection .
he was a country singer who was big about ten years ago .
the wilmington - born stokes got his big break when he appeared on a country music reality show as an aspiring singer / songwriter .
people speculated that stokes killed himself because of his breakup with another young country singer .
i m here to talk to stuart bigelow , the wilmington news reporter , about the country singer who committed suicide .
briefly i share what i learned about the late country singer .
she 'd never in a million years join a country club or belong to anything that keeps people out because of supposed superiority .
for megan chapter 1 lexie montgomery had been driving down the lonely dark country road for what seemed like hours before she felt it was safe to make a quick stop .
after we said a quick goodbye to my mother , gina and i piled into her car and turned out onto the country road .
it was a beautiful day outside as tommy and i sped down the country roads with the t - tops off and the windows rolled down .
the wind blew wildly through our hair as country music blared from the cars stereo system .
i loved living in the country .
i looked over at my brother , the country badass .
soon i was out of the busy part of town and driving down old country back roads .
devin kept driving down the country back roads until he came upon the brown brick building with the big overhead sign that read red cross .
i was full of adrenaline and rage as i walked down the quiet country road .
as i walked down the lonely dark country road toward my house , i could nt ignore the burning feeling in my throat .
chapter 1 i continued to walk down the dark lonely country road , laughing hysterically to myself .
west of vicksburg , mississippi straight pins directly into phoenix , arizona where mother nature has planted a row of active volcanoes that peak spits gray ash and floats red lava covering all the land masses down south and beyond the old country of mexico .
every year within each colony , the director chooses one sixteen - year old apprentice to escape the country bumpkin simple life of rural farmland and advance into the sophisticated posh luxuriously living at metro city that provides the apprentice and the apprentices family access to unlimited healthcare for their parents , education for their children , and employment for life as a city slicker .
well , i m an old country boy .
we survive as country folks after the nuke warlive .
we struggle a as country folks after the nuke warwork .
we share this vip data with mccamy , rusk , and hixson then we collectively as a smart country hicks decide to do our own private investigative work .
pocola , mccamy and rusks mama loves the outdoors , and rights beside her husband on the farm tractor plow , inside the hay barn , and toils the reddish sandy soil for growing crops of corn , cotton , and soybeans like a country princess .
get back to our parents and our simply country life .
television or tv for shorten speak patterns of country hicks .
now ( bangs the wooden counter ) a simple country farmer .
baycliff asks with polite manners of a country cowboy as fowler bobs his skull once in silence then exits the room for his duty .
animals starve for food then die for the living skinny - bones humans as i care , tend , and outlive many mamas , daddies , teens , and infants in my small country community then i die , and ascend to heavenly peace .
roebob springs country club .
the limo gracefully winds around the curvy alabama countryside upon the smooth gray paved street running through mountainous green leaved woody hillsides of a selected few estate - sized lots consisting of one craftsman bungalow , one english manor with detached summer cottage , and one tudor revival home inside the exclusive east birmingham roebob springs country club and golf neighborhood since the year 1917 .
garrisons a stick in the mud in the country , blood blue city slicker .
first race was in enrico county , virginia in 1674 with one - on - one match races going and coming down narrow village streets , country lanes , and other level field pastures .
she gots 4 - wheel drive , a loud radio ( turns up the volume of playing country music song ) 3 - gears for go , stop , and reverse , 360 window view of woodlands , farmlands and skyline , smoke stack ( toot .
the electric blue - painted tractor climbs up the medium hillside of maize ( corn ) stalks as we listen to country music and slide backwards into the chair then parks the tractor on top of the plateau .
jan has prepared us supper some good home cooking fried chickenandpork and beans , and other country stuffjust like true cowboys of the american west , right , cowgirl .
her father owns a chain of alabama athletic sporting department stores which leads to great wealth and small fame in the little country town and nowthe thief of tinas angel wings .
speedingracing the sports cars that you give mea ride , a transport for moving aboutthe town and along the country side .
dallas orders because he does nt need bo in trouble with the local law enforcement officers patrolling the city streets and country roadways .
after drake received his massive inheritance , he decides to help his school by upgrading all the physical facilities at homewood high school since he lives there about half his short life during the mornings stuffing down six fresh country breakfast buttered biscuits over the single patty bittersweet hog sausage until evening around supper slurping up home - made spaghetti dinners while heavily involved in the schools all year sporting events and sporting practices .
butmake sure the angelic madonna can two - step with our country redneck melodies .
the clock counts down the last 10 minutes and 43 seconds before the start of homecoming dance inside the decorated gym while under the smooth twilight moon and twinkling stars , the country two - steppers will dance to a live southern rock music upon worn cowboy boots , will eat tons of southern food , will gulp secret stashes of cold beer under the hollow wooden theater stage which is used for nothin but storage .
ginger slams her shoulder into my sundress , echoing loudly into my right eardrum over the new country music song blasting from the audio speakers as she models both her waving arms and wiggling finger pads at the teens and teens bad behavior .
rashab adjusts , staring studiously at the new country music cd that he desires to hear during breakfast .
i take the invitation of free food since my stomach growls and my ears are ringing sos i do nt have to endure another one of your southern hillbilly country music tunes playing from the hidden speakers in this room .
his deep laughter rattles the wood planks under jakes bare feet and echoes off the thin plastered walls into jakes eardrums as it ricochets like a bullet around the tiny shack then his glittering brown skin morphs into many ugly gooey bright red blisters with a couple of black five - inched curved horns over his brown skull as lucifer smiles , holding his famous golden plated country farmers pitch fork in his right hand for the dog and pony show .
tilly does nt hesitate with the sweet command , pedaling her bare feet directly into jakes open arms , wrapping her arms around his board shoulders then smashing his lips with her pouted mouth as vivid colors of the rainbow and joyous sounds of country hillbilly music invades her mind then jake disappears like a wraith between her warm finger pads as she opens her eyelashes , dropping her arms and swinging to lucifer .
y all an alternative rock band or country singers ?
i remembered that they played all types of popular teen and adult music from rock and rock or country hillbilly or jazz soul or pop music .
zoey had never been in the country or so far north .
it looked out of place in the rough country , like an alien spacecraft that had just landed .
chapter 9 he headed for the country roads .
out here in the country was the only place he could go and not be found .
he d made a mess , but with gods help he d put it right , regardless of how tempting it was to drive into the country and not return .
just driving out into the country and not turning back i m glad you came back .
it was only two hours out , but it was a two - hour country drive .
he drove through town , and then he drove back into the country .
the end boys of summer series available individually or now in two money - saving bundles boys of summer bundle one , volumes 1 - 4 ( courting the clearwaters is included but still free ) boys of summer bundle two , volumes 5 - 8 courting the clearwaters yucatan cowboy cross country measuring up all i want for christmas wayfarer beach salvaging stephen waylaid knowing jakewinter 2014 girls aglow series a companion to boys of summer sugar rush drifting homefall 2014 low visibilitywinter 2014 tales of balia christian romance / fantasy desert rains moonset child spindrift gypsy heart dusk lanefall 2014 find me on facebook at https : //www.facebook.com / jillpenrodnovels or at my website http : //jillpenrod.com/ .
there was also a ham radio tower off to the side , though that was n't too unusual out in the country .
soldiers lined the wall - walk and conversed amongst themselves while they kept an eye on the surrounding country side .
in a little australian country town called hopetown valley .
the creatures are moving from the cities into the country areas in search of more secluded feeding grounds .
hopetown valley is a small , country townaccidents are nt uncommon .
there is a village of about one hundred survivors , but it is in the country and there is a border around the town .
for this part of the country and such a small town , that was pretty unusual that they would be passed here .
plus , country music .
turning up the radio as he sped out of the gas station i heard a crazy country tune about let me check you for ticks .
or , traveling cross country with a band ?
we drove out of town as she listened to country music on the radio .
it was the first time i had heard country music and i found it profoundly true to life .
it was nt quite familiar to me , and i wondered if it was one of those country songs .
on the far side of the river was what looked like wild country that stretched out until it was lost in the haze of sunset .
they were obsessed with country music , with the desoto excavators friday night football games and , worst of all , with each other .
mom has terry in the front seat with her , stroking her hair , as we drive down the almost familiar stone - wall lined roads toward the country house my mother grew up in .
its large for a country home , made of age - old stone that 's worn on every side .
from different ends of the country , your father from manchester and argyle from edinburgh .
a slower country song started playing and he paused .
the drive to folly beach did nt take long , especially with kira , luke and emma singing country at the top of their lungs , while miles and dave stuck their heads through the back window to occasionally join in as back - up singers .
he s a little too country for me .
he was more of a country guy where she was more of a science nerd .
she breathed in the fresh country air , clearing her mind .
it did nt take long for the fresh country air to be replaced by thick , gritty dirt .
he had no idea that she even liked country music .
dance music too , anything top 40 , and country .
she heard him change the music to a romantic country ballad .
ellen this is ranch country .
its so dark on this country road .
here in open country there are buildings everywhere that people do nt sleep in .
the buildings fall away and we are back out in open country again .
its another country road , lucky to be paved , stretching as far as i can see into the distance .
she was just fine when she caught up to me , back on that country road in the late summer .
lacy , jon and i ruled over ryan and we kept it on the country station .
the brisk wind sent the grey clouds scudding across the sky , reminding me of sheep being herded by a collie out in the country .
get out of town , out of the country . ''
like they belonged in a country cottage .
the country stretched out in front of us as i stared out the window at the purple sky .
he probably had a lot of grandchildren who sat on his lap at holidays and listened to him tell stories about the old country in his funny accent .
emmy snapped , eyeing her son in the way one might glare at a dog that was caught chewing on the bedroom rug , which might have been a family heirloom brought over from the old country by great - aunt bertha .
he ordered the mog back and thought a stake out would be more beneficial than going all over the country side .
besides , lyss only saw megans mom a couple of times and they live in the country in a big house surrounded by tall trees .
she had always had an affinity for the country .
i turn on the radio to my favorite country station , crank up the volume , and make my way to the bathroom to get ready .
when i think about it , i am just a country girl who never wants to leave her little hick town .
we lived in the country , but our parents felt that we had a better opportunity for a better education at the ` ` city '' school .
i love me a country boy , but i might have to widen my horizons .
i open the sunroof , crank up the local country station and down the highway i go .
i know that this good ol country boy is who i am meant to be with .
is this really what people think of country folks like me ?
i just never pictured a 411 country talkin girl from alabama rapping .
i m about to show him what this country girl is made of .
if all country girls dance like that , then i m gon na die and go to country girl heaven !
if all country girls dance like that , then i m gon na die and go to country girl heaven !
he s my rock , anchor , always there no matter what , knows the good , bad , and ugly , loves me unconditionally , and has always been the country boy in my little country fairytale .
he s my rock , anchor , always there no matter what , knows the good , bad , and ugly , loves me unconditionally , and has always been the country boy in my little country fairytale .
it is the perfect way to draw any country girl to a country boy , let alone some of the fun we have had in it .
it is the perfect way to draw any country girl to a country boy , let alone some of the fun we have had in it .
there is just something about a hot , sweaty country boy .
there is nothing better than the smell of country cookin .
she has my favorite meal in the works , country style steak , mashed potatoes , corn , and homemade rolls .
cash never misses a good ol country party .
i can hear country music blaring out of a radio .
i love the country .
when i thought that i was too good for cash and that i wanted the popular guy , i soon realized that there is nothing better than a good ol country boy .
my dad loves that part too , but his favorite is when the country boy gets the girl cause that is how things are supposed to happen .
there is just something special about an old farmhouse with a front porch swing that looks into the beautiful country .
i wave bye as he walks to his four - wheeler and rides off into the country sunset .
its smoky , smells of skunked beer , and country music is playing on the old jukebox .
i shrug my shoulders and say , you know , the typical country girls weekend away .
for me i was thinking something real hip - hop , and for you i was thinking country girl shake it for me !
on a serious note , i was thinking we should use a country song .
i have decided what to wear , and knowing that i do not have one item in my closet that fits the country club look , i knock on tori and annas door .
he has gone from cute surfer guy to hot country club golfer on a stick !
i am definitely not a country club girl , and i have never been one to put on the dog .
i m a homegrown country boy that only has eyes for one little lady , he responds as he stares into my blue eyes .
who s this hot looking country boy ?
i walk across the barn to the old stereo equipped with an eight track player and turn the knob to our local country station .
since its whiskey river , should we go country ?
its time to pull out the hot , sexy country girl attire .
she is trying stuff on , trying to talk country , acting like she s riding a horse .
we are going to be the hottest country girls those city boys have ever seen !
when casey is nt reading , you can find her listening to country music , spending the day at the lake , being a wife and dance mom , and spending time with friends and family .
turning into a quiet country lane , the taxi driver slows down , driving with caution through the stony road .
located in the countryside , toward the border of the resort city of hurricane , hurricane auction house stands on the hilly lands of a country club , surrounded by manicured grounds , has a green forest of pine trees , and a glorious botanical garden .
soon to be launched , maxxs restaurant sits on a beach , shaded by palms and secluded by the surrounding lush country scenery .
letting go , he slows down and turns on to a country lane .
~courtney about the authors rebecca and courtney are downhome country girls powered by chocolate and other random late night cravings .
and that i do nt come across like a dull - witted country bumpkin .
maybe so he could watch the country cousins reaction , she thought .
when she was ready for the day , she found a seat on the plane as it began its descent into the beautiful country beneath them .
kaleb 's sword slapped against the tank as i came up out of the wash and we started across country .
the end about the author mir footegrew up in the country , in a small community called whitehawk .
read more at almost earth by mir foote or find more books by mir foote at : mirfoote.com smashwords facebook about the author mir foote grew up in the country , in a small community called whitehawk .
handy italians from the old country , like him , made all kinds of things to adorn their homes , and many of their creations are on display in the neighborhood .
it seemed that everybody who was anybody was seated on and around the casale and the ragusa stoops on this exceptionally pleasant summers evening , including several neighbors from up the block , an old married couple from corlear avenue , and a friend of my grandmothers from the old country , who lives in nathan hale towers , a big building on irwin avenue .
we live in the bronx , not amish country .
it was still wild , with cities like islands nestled in the untamed country .
thankfully , hunting was part of our daily lives living in the country ; dad and grandpa were avid hunters and had exposed us to it at an early age .
i swing my nakedness while singing a familiar country song that i ca nt get out of my mind , since i hear the song on the radio inside the limo .
he was now , according to his driver 's license , grendel weiss , a name which suited the monstrosity of suburban life he 'd escaped , and the meandering way with which he was now making his way across the country , beholden only to gravity and the fuel gauge .
the cabin was the kind you saw in those country magazines .
it was a house outside the city and one of the country houses that the more affluent citizens flocked to during the summer months .
after there had been a citywide epidemic of yellow fever in 1793 that took the lives of nearly five thousand people , those who could afford to do so quit the city for the fresh aired country .
the back of a three story gray stone country house was before us and built onto the back of the house was a two story round structure that had a colorful glass dome rising as high as the roof .
my agreement came immediately , for any time spent with her was fortunate , but when she asked to meet at a country church instead of at her house , i was intrigued .
she led me further into the country , cutting across fields and wooded areas until she was coming closer to stark manor .
this is part of richards country estate .
when we neared the country church , she finally slowed for me to join her .
a quarter inch in the country is what is being said .
* * * george had two houses , one on pine street and one in the country .
as he only used his country house in the summer months , i went to his two story house on pine street .
i heard that there was ice as thick as a windowpane in the country this morning .
it is no longer safe for us to remain in the city , so richard has procured a house in the country for us to live in until september when he and i shall marry .
by evening , mother was in over anxious , having her trunks packed to move to the country house , afraid that important articles would be left behind , seeing to the covering of the furniture in the drawing room .
the following day jack escorted us into the country .
richard wanted me to find a house in the country for his affianced bride , then he sent me out to all the best warehouses to choose furnishings .
i will be moving out to the country house tonight , i assured bess .
once they were out of sight , i informed leo that i wanted him to accompany me as i had some purchases to make before leaving for the country house .
there is much for me to do before i set out for the country .
chapter 29 bess when mother and i first arrived in the country , i thought monotony would be my lot , but for the last two days , jericho and i had been riding out to watch stark manor .
10 august 1816 georges country house was a comfortable , brick , two story structure built in the federal style .
its a long , thin , country road that leads to the graveyard and as we crest the hill and look down on the cemetery , i see a lighted wreath on either side of the wrought iron gate below .
his threats fade in the trees as i reach the forest at the edge of the country club , where nightshade high school was having its first annual new years eve formal .
right now they re doing a long , slow country version and , for my money , its the best so far .
he fixated on the flooding country road , sheets of rain obstructing his view .
dru puts the car in drive , pulling back onto the empty country road like nothing happened .
i guess this is as good a time as any to start keepin track of my own adventures around the country a silent meeting of the older greene children convened on aprils bed after their parents had gone down for the evening .
stayin back in the old country ?
i d love to get out and see the country one of these days .
there 's beautiful country out this way , but it still does n't compare to my mountains back home .
he got kicked out of his house around our age and rode the rails around the country lookin for work .
noah rushed to the aide of chuck and jimmy who already had the country bumpkin by both arms .
beautiful country out this way .
cowboy country !
they followed the winding country road until the familiar city park appeared on sarahs side of the road .
you interrupted my country club tennis lessons .
there was nothing worse than country music , and not just any country music , the old western kind that only played when you re in the middle of nowhere and only two stations worked on the radio : ancient western and some guy ranting about the end of the world and demons .
there was nothing worse than country music , and not just any country music , the old western kind that only played when you re in the middle of nowhere and only two stations worked on the radio : ancient western and some guy ranting about the end of the world and demons .
if i were ever captured , all the bad guy would have to do is threaten me with country music and i d sing like a canary .
but , to banish me from the country and condemn me to live in the same house as my mother was unspeakable cruelty .
it seemed as if the beauty of the country strived to calm everyones stressed out day .
as far as the seatbelt allowed , i lounged in the corner with my legs pulled up and scanned every inch of his handsome face while the tires rolled over the unpaved country road .
for the first twenty minutes of the drive along paved country roads neither of us spoke .
like the country france ?
grace and i mounted our motorcycles , left the city and headed up the country towards birmingham , the biggest city in the uk .
i ve tagged along with my dad and his country club buddies now and then , but golfs not really my thing .
a country song blared from someones stereo , and in another house a young couple argued until a baby started to bawl loudly .
i took a deep , tremulous breath of the country air as i tried to think of what to say .
i could find us a place out in the country somewhere , maybe up in the mountains .
you live in the country , and you re strong enough rip a vampire apart .
itzy asked as the car crawled down a barren country road surrounded on all sides by fields .
fresh country air , he joked in a poor imitation of a somerset accent , and they began walking .
once , the british military had observed a series of fields in the west country , to see if they could catch a crop circle being made .
her mom was referring to the promised home in the country her dad was always talking about , especially when he was fed up with neighbors complaints .
now , they were no closer to the home in the country or another horse .
its a school party out in the country , she tried to explain , but she was stumbling in a sudden anxious feeling .
the clear air smelled like my old home in minnesota , out in the country .
the house she lived in with her adopted family , the wellworths , was a beautiful country - style house with hardwood floors and large windows framed by flower print curtains .
i ve bought a farm for us and were going to move from the city to the country .
i d be a country bumpkin for the rest of my life and no cool , beautiful people would ever want to talk to me again and my skin would get rough and i would never be able to go shopping for trendy stuff because there are no decent shops in the country , not that it would matter because no one who was any good lived on a farm anyway .
i d be a country bumpkin for the rest of my life and no cool , beautiful people would ever want to talk to me again and my skin would get rough and i would never be able to go shopping for trendy stuff because there are no decent shops in the country , not that it would matter because no one who was any good lived on a farm anyway .
i am going to hate all the ugly country people .
its another whole step to go and buy a farm and move to the country and build a house and home school !
( seriously , country businesses make me laugh .
in the midst of his thinking about leaving , he would sit down to a real country dinner and his plans would change .
the school was located in the town , but most of their students came from the surrounding country .
his freckles were coming out in the spring sunshine and i thought the country air had done wonders for his growth .
this boy should be in hospital , not travelling two hundred miles up the country !
this illuminus base -- which looks mostly like a country club , at least this part of it does -- is underground , but for the life of me i do n't know where .
beyond the polished floors and the three reception rooms , below the wide staircase leading to eight bedrooms and their eight adjoining en suites , past the downstairs cloakroom , grand dining room , and very big country style kitchen where grandpa bilson was preparing dinner , drinking wine , and singing in a funny language , lay an undulating outside land of green pastures , bordering forests , and free - range farm animals all strangely scarred with the odd divot taken out from various parts of their hides .
~*~ as the family settled into their ride , the beauty of the bayou country unfolded around them .
the country home he shared with his wife was mortgage free and he d put both his eldest sons through top - class university education .
every sunday morning , we have brunch at the country club .
i did nt know if you knew what was appropriate for the country club .
me and my poor friends used to sneak into the country club every summer to swim , i mock her .
he beats me by a lot , but apparently he spends a lot of time golfing at the country club .
thirty minutes later , i am handing my keys to the valet at the country club .
but now , the whole country club also knows .
she s always out doing something a day at the spa with her rich friends , or at the country club , or at some kind of charity event .
toby pulls his car to the front of the country club , and one of the valets opens my door and helps me out .
they had some connection to the old country and its ways .
a couple strolling hand in hand down a long deserted country road toward her daddys farm house , corn fields on either side of them , quiet , except for the crickets , a blanket of stars spread against a black canvas which only a night outside the city can provide .
bloom took a deep breath , taking in the scents of a hot summer , the corn , the dirt , even the fertilizer , the way country boys do .
on more than a few occasions , mogonites , after consuming large quantities of clauster gas ( the most enjoyable , horrible , fantastic , terrible drug in the galaxy ) and getting blindly and dementedly high , have mistaken earth for their actual destination and arrived at some lonely country house where a farmer and his wife were attempting to enjoy a peaceful evening at home , knitting and talking about milk and eggs and such .
they were driving along a series of country roads in suffolk , heading for rogers parents farmhouse .
the small kitchen table was covered with maps of the school , of summer valley and , over - enthusiastically , the country .
plus , well get to see more of the country if we take the time to stop by all of the towns !
when the jobs done , come back here immediately and you ll get another 100 gold coins , as well as a small country manor .
goga looked up and sneered as he said , a small country manor ?
all he had to do was race across the open grassland of the hill country , with the wind and fear flying behind him .
the dawn came into the hill country .
the birds sang from the little trees that stood all alone in small groups throughout the plains in this same hill country .
he flew towards lake tri , a small lake in the valley of the hill country of popo .
my father was duke qima , the lord of a great country estate several miles to the east of kiki .
my son , however , shall be taken to one of the country estates to the east .
she was the daughter of a rich country duke , i think duke kotak was his name .
even when living in coe baba , he knew he had been meant for bigger , better things than this simple country life , but he had nt known it was going to be as big as being the defender of arria , the destroyer of doomba , a knight of arria !
she stood , windswept and tanned , in the lush green field of a country farm , watching a caravan of carts as they snaked towards a neighboring estate .
as the hired carriage approached the imposing gates of a fine country estate , however , the need for a response was soon gone .
its a fine country estate , if i may say so .
maybe such things can be excused at a country reel where no one cares about anything , but just look at the decor : its stunning .
* * * * * a messenger on horseback rushed down the deserted country lane , a pressing letter held in the satchel at his side .
our trip cross country has really taken its toll on us .
strangely , he does nt look like a typical country boy with the typical nordic features , nor is he dressed like one .
or do you prefer country ?
my hallucinations are an unorthodox way for my brain to try to deal with the trauma of moving cross country .
as a result , keyton had the best cross country team in the county .
unfortunately , in the county cup , cross country teams were organised by age ; schools were required to enter teams of five seventeen year olds or five fourteen year olds or five eleven year olds .
christian was the best cross country runner the school had then and perhaps ever .
everything looked too quiet , too country , with not enough skyscrapers .
we pass a few farms along the way , isolated little settlements , country people making the best they can of a hard existence .
the city way is to try to make everyone the same , to fit into the system , whereas these country people have discovered how to live with their differences and to turn them to the advantage of all .
we landed in penzance , and i had a few days leave and decided to explore the country .
symphonies , piano solos , jazz , ska , blues , country , reggae , church music , movie soundtracks , rock , and hip - hop stuttered out of brians speakers until sami finally found something she liked .
to the right of the three friends was a high mountain of fake rock called copper country mining sluice .
cried sami , and the three of them raced off toward the copper country mining sluice .
the three friends whipped around and ran in the opposite direction , up the ramp leading to the top of copper country mining sluice .
the defining moment came when edward offered to have nemos mother freed and placed in a cottage in the country where she could live out her natural existence .
but far from waking up from her three day drug induced sleep in a nightmare institutions , she found herself waking to the luxury of a country house .
when selda regained her composure , they began to tell her the names they had learned in the towns and country .
long sleeved tops were left at home as the young eric ventured out on his first real bike , cycling down the nearby country lanes , heading towards a large local wood , known locally as squagsys .
and the wide - open country with its limitless stories to tell and to photograph , were her canvas .
dante had lived with his mother , who remained in the old country .
i travel the country back and forth , hunting these awful creatures and saving your behind almost every night .
first an early morning round of golf ; then a relaxing visit to the spa at the country club ; and then an evening out on the town with his wife .
soon , waves of immigrants from around the world , called forty - niners , moved to the gold country , and squatters invaded sutters land and stole his crops and cattle , leaving him broke .
emi put her hands over her face and sat on the country bench in the hallway .
to give you a head start out of town , or out of the country would be even better .
it was a slow , emotional song with a country sound .
he outlasts everyone else when we go running , including my dad who was all american in cross country when he was in college .
think it comes from the west country . ''
like a gatekeeper who collected the veil for every aphrodite like a men 's room attendant in an atrium of erishkegal 's desert inn , who did n't make the grade for hat check , i had a convertible like a third - row seat in the second temple , on country club carpet spotted with every gum drop , syrup , and ash of cigar , ground by every spike , pump , and drooling unsanctified loafervegas might not be egyptgizeh could be pizza for all i knew about getting along with pharaohbut let me put it to you this way : if he was n't asleep , you were , so if you were up , which was n't often , pharaoh meanteverything you were doin while he was not there .
so he got up , pushing away his doorway bough and leafy branch with it to step back out into the open country , where he distinctly perceived the rustle and movement of creatures around him like kids playing out in the street in suburbia on a summer night , only with red - fanged mouths and large walnut - blue eyes , and not like any kids who moved through bushes , but like bushes that moved , with arms and legs like a man , dwarf - sizethe creatures surrounded him like a postman being surrounded by watchdogsthey snarled and growled , jumping forward and back and sidewaysof course , it was as if the end to his aloneness in this manner was a better fate than a two- or three - day 's journey through more aloneness to a perhaps worse adversaryafter all , there was no way he could know how intelligent or dangerous the beings before , behind , and around him were .
mills did a ` ` shotgun and boogaloo '' over to the warp : jerry pushed him through like a waiter knocking a man into a pool at a country club : ` ` dance ! ''
the crowd cut loose a cheer as gary brown dribbled into the left - hand corner and went up with an unbelievable shot over two outstretched defenders that swished right through like a lawn mower cutting a perfect swath of grass through a country club golf course !
for , as they made their way across the country , they were making a circle , or , rather , say an open spiral .
discover other titles by garden urthark gene wilders face - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/425168 i will be your boss - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/418980 heaven - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/409399 colony - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/375722 letter of an american farmer to the commissioner of pensions , washington , dc , june 4 , 1886 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/396937 country singer - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/391546 return , return !
so , i was thinking about asking aunt lulu to get me a job at the country club this summer .
you ll rule the pool at the country club .
i swallowed my nerves and prayed they were at the country club per their usual saturday routine .
he let his spell cast a wider net , trying to see the country , then only the outer villages , then the lands surrounding the castle .
chapter 23 mary elizabeth after spending nearly the whole day with matthew , and having her opinion of his level of sanity go back and forth several times , they seemed to finally reach their destination , an old farm house in the middle of the country .
after letting myself daydream about a fun family trip outside the country , i was baffled when no travel plans were mentioned that summer .
well , my parents listen to country all the time , but i like the stuff that you guys play .
families moving here for the school and somewhat country bumpkin lifestyle have brought other family members who then brought even more family members .
watching the steam from his own mug mix with the bright rays of morning light coming in through the window , a gentlemanly man took a slow and deep breath , letting the combination of coffee , breakfast foods , and country air fill his olfactory with delight .
pleasing to guests and favored by the local elderly set for the traditional country restaurant on the first floor , offering home cooked meals and free coffee on saturday mornings , the place was considered by many to be the best kept secret in the region .
coming to the realization that the remote was not in the van , coupled with his flight from the small country side diner earlier in the day , greg was nearly ready to short circuit .
combined with the stars and moon passing through the country , he reckoned it would have been a peaceful drive if he was nt a fugitive .
having spent their first week in the country , the pair eventually found their way to the city and exactly where buddy needed to be to enact his plan .
from the usa to the uk they had been whisked wildly through airports , towns , villages and country .
i scatter the food around my place , hearing four different musical styles inside our house , rock and roll , classical , country , and pop .
i m a country princess , alcoona .
were going to live in the country away from foci .
i have a re - gen job out in the country .
we live in the country away from his horse crap .
all conversation stops when katie squeals , cranks up some country rock song she loves and starts singing along with it .
even sitting here changed from the funeral from earlier , mr . daniels looks ready for a country club party , and while stuart 's mom wears a little velvety track suit , she is all blinged out equivalent to one of the real wives of o.c .
once out of the city , the country road meandered for miles and miles without any cross streets feeding into it .
on macs days off , his aunt and mother were going to show him different sights in and around seoul , and they also agreed to go out to the country to visit the home of macs father .
i imagined us visiting many sights around the city and then heading into the country so that dan could see his fathers family and get a feeling for the difference between city life and country life .
i imagined us visiting many sights around the city and then heading into the country so that dan could see his fathers family and get a feeling for the difference between city life and country life .
each time they visited , sam purchased their tickets and arranged all their transportation to and from their house in the country to the airport .
they teased each other on their accents , dan giving dong hu a hard time about being a country bumpkin , and dong hu teasing dan about not speaking proper korean .
it was amazing how much brighter the night sky was in the country .
it is amazing how many stars there are and how brilliant they shine , out here in the country .
in the morning , the driver returned , and we bid our country relatives good - bye .
y all spent the summer out of the country , and had time to hook up with this gorgeous creature ?
its some kind of mournful country music .
i should nt be asked to wander around the country by myself for six monthstotally unprotected , by the wayand i should nt have to choose between marrying my cousin and marrying a total stranger who comes from a bloodline of lunatics !
in the summer when i was stuck out in the country all day , every day , she was there .
well if he goes hell be exposed to more kinds of people , my friend marsha had told me one afternoon as we lounged by the country club pool .
we rode in silence the whole way homealong the river , through town , out to the highway , and onto the two - lane country road that would take us home .
there were about half a dozen all depicting benign environments such as fields of ripened corn , country villages lined with quaint , thatched cottages and grand , sweeping vistas of glacier - carved valleys .
the hill was a pimple on a flat landscape , dotted with villages and criss - crossed with country lanes and hedgerows .
their meetings had become almost a weekly event , but since angelina had started putting more effort into her studies and was now outstripping the rest of her class by a country mile , the tone and content of them had changed .
well , here we are , philip announced as they pulled up to a white two - story in the country .
he would always listen to country music .
they served americanized versions of traditional home country food year round and green beer on st . paddy 's day .
it was dark out here , this far in the country .
duncan drove , up and downshifting on the winding country road .
he sees an opportunity to exploit someone from the old country .
they drove slowly down the country road and rounded the bend and i watched iris leave for the last time .
out in the country , on the edge of portland 's influence , there was another college town , not at all like mine .
it was as dark as the country .
there were blueberry pancakes with real maple syrup , country omelets with fresh salsa , and morning adult beverages .
# # # other titles luna waning : book 2 of the luna cycle luna waxing : book 1 of the luna cycle country girl ( 2012 , film ) un - human ( 2011 , film ) # # # connect with celeste nix www.celestenix.blogspot.com @ celestenix on twitter https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / celestenix # # # for grandmother parker mendel smashwords edition copyright 2014 parker mendel table of contents prologue chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven epilogue prologue mrs . alessandra robbins is a pretty old lady with graying wavy hair that she ties in a high ponytail .
at least the dance was still on school grounds and not some exclusive country club , or likewise ridiculous venue .
looking out at the austrian country side flying by , i smiled .
still , out in the country where street lights were for city - folk and the deer and the antelope tended to play , their familiar territory became a dangerous , never - ending expanse of nerves and tension .
even in summer , unless the stars and moon were bright and friendly , the country roads of the nebraska farmland became shrouded in a heavy obscurity , the headlights of the best of cars mapping out the only visibility in the heavy cloak of night and beyond those flickering lights the world seemed to drop off the edge of a cliff into nothingness .
not the country night , or the moonless sky .
somewhere in the rational - thinking part of my brain , i knew i was supposed to hit the animal ; that it was safer to collide with the deer than slamming on my brakes in the middle of the night on an iced over country road .
the antique rumbled unhappily along the quiet country roads , but it managed to make it all the way home without completely falling apart .
and since we lived so far out in the country , take - out was almost never an option .
i ignored him , or pretended to , as he brushed past me into my square country kitchen .
i gunned the engine , whispering sweet encouragement to the groaning jeep until just seconds before i needed to turn , then i would expertly pump the brakes until i rounded the country roads with the skill of a nascar driver , staying just out of danger , but flirting with the slippery edge none the less .
stella , seth glanced at me seriously before turning his eyes back to the blackened country roads .
the other part of the debate- tennis shoes were much lighter than these things , easier to walk across country in and much , much nicer to run in .
hobo - ing around the country , living off scavenged canned goods and cleaning up the zombie infestation was more like the opposite of how i pictured my life going .
rock n roll and country battled for volume , but they mingled pretty well together .
i understand that you used to live in the country , and that your father was nt in the picture much before ?
becks a nice boy with a set of good gentlemanly manners taught by his mama which some local country hicks that iwill not name but kindly observe could learn to master bobby joe has manners , compliments cinta with a sweet smile .
heck , all them country boys are cute with their golden tans from the harsh sunlight of farming , their broad shoulders from tractor plowing and their slow molasses southern draws of sexy baritone trombone that echoes lovely into my eardrums .
i suspect my first birthday party was nt so country , y all as i giggle with a girly twang and pull the truck towards the three - car garage .
he stands between two of his brothers laughing and chuckling at a country hick joke .
there s a gun mount between the steering column and installed baby glove compartment for your shotgun while killing them leaping deer whilst listening to your favorite country song on the embedded satellite radio along with a holder for your cold beer your what , young man ?
i giggle with silliness as daddy slowly jogs out the barn doors watching the country hicks wreck my birthday present .
we graduate college and travel from country to country see what s out there experience salt oceans , dry deserts , heated bodies .
garth lightly taps my lips as cinta forcefully jerks my right hand towards the truck bed then garth jogs behind us and powerfully lifts me upon the tail gate as i pad towards the wheel rim sliding my bee_hind on the smooth metal while cinta skips on her dried muddy boots and scoots next to me since garths truck is bigger than the space shuttle being a country hick cowboy that likes trucks .
i m not worried about cinta overhearing the announcer on the speaker system or searching for me since she s inside the drivers seat of my charger getting sticky carmel coating over the steering wheel ( which can be cleaned ) while getting familiar with the cars instruments on the console as she listens to the country radio station and i stand soldierly waiting for my queue to enter as the substitution harvest empress .
i pass my hand over the radio dial and punch the button then a happy country song blasts from the console speakers into my eardrums as i dance to side to side from the a - chord of musical fiddles .
a god marries a goddess then the family sets up shop in a little small town , far away from the humans like in the rural country spot of apollo .
apparently they ' ve been out of the country to look for something . ''
a radio blared country music .
the storm shot across country , making for south mountain with its crown of radio antennae .
i suppose its just the parkeshan country lands way to be , he said .
were on a country road .
my father spoke , nodding his head , his thick , country accent causing him to lose credibility in the educated mans eyes .
connor found her country accent too cute and chuckled as soon as she said the words .
after all , there was a reason they had moved from the city to the country .
spring came late to the catskills , so now , in late may when much of the country was entering into early summer , here in these gently rolling mountains , the fresh blooms of spring were in abundance everywhere .
it had been chosen by saras parents because grandma rosa had loved to spend time in their country home in nemi , and the parish priest was a close friend of the family .
she could see why all the teenage girls in the country , and even the older women , had fell so in love with matthew mason .
good thing were out in the country , she thought .
but aside from all that , he d fell in love with a poor little country girl and he was afraid she was turning into the same plastic hollywood type he despised .
my vision was clearing as i came awake and i could see some kind of white canvas tent over me and i realized i was looking through a hole in the back of it at the river and country surrounding it .
she had run across the country to get away from it .
i grew up with her , watched her in gym class all through middle school , only to witness her complete inability to play any sporteven the sissy country club varieties like tennis and golf .
my favorite music is techno , but i secretly listen to country when no one is around .
how about dinner at the country club ?
after a few minutes , she slides off the bed and starts playing shania twains any man of mine from the speakers on her desk since she knows my secret obsession with country music .
you like country music ?
he sings along to a vintage country song and drums the steering wheel , and i turn , just to catch a glimpse of caitlyn .
before that she would have to cross much open land and hill country , greatly risk being spotted , and , to take a direct route , pass through the human town of chalja .
so , when the princess was not riding in the country with her friends , or learning to be a princess with her sisters , she would wander the castle , finding new rooms , new places ; old places .
i guess living in the country , ill need to get used to the occasional bug .
its a bit daft , i know , but we country folk are a superstitious lot .
stories for all of us country folk to tell around the fire at night .
judging by appearances , mantis decided she was in farm country .
he was getting on my nerves , always bragging about some story involving his country friends and him getting faded and going atving or off - roading .
his country friends were so cool .
there s a ton of these cocky , country douchebags here .
the one she s dating is a country boy , don , from up north .
emma tells me the country boy is some type of trade worker , cars .
not that it could really be referred to as a city , more like a country town .
at each small country town passengers get on and off and parcels are loaded and unloaded .
he s singing the country , he says .
i wish i could sing up the country like uncle percy .
well purchase fake ids and purchase a house in the country somewhere .
tomorrow is the beginning of granddaughter week at the country club .
the other girls at the country club will be dressing in designer wear .
the country club is about ten minutes from the mansion .
she brought you to an expensive country club for a reason .
tia went with your grandmother to the country club , so you do nt have to do that .
but instead , i feel like i was nt good enough to go to the country club with grandmother .
as long as i m not dragged to the country club , i m okay with this arrangement , carmen chimes in .
i feel like you re not taking tia with you to the country club because she 's pregnant .
it was still too early for what would be the very short sunset in mountainous country .
its mostly woods and country .
he was right ; being number one had mattered , but that was before my family had spent the summer in the country on my uncles farm .
two weeks after i d returned to teal from the country , liam had been assigned to tend stock in the store .
should you really be dating some country guy when you re with oliver ?
if you want to slum it with a country boy , then find that guy with the hot chest from earlier .
being in the country made me realize how little i knew about the real world .
it was a country dance ; all my dresses were very teal hip and totally over - the - top .
my room was decorated in traditional country style with a floral patchwork quilt , wrought - iron full - body mirror and floor - length lacy curtains .
i can pass any geography test you throw at me , tell you where you are in the country by the smell and density of the dirt .
he knows mom and dad took off to follow some man across the country .
he was listening to country music and dancing in his sweats and slippers .
i raised you on country music , young lady .
my good mood instantly evaporated once i turned down an old dirt road and parked in front of a familiar , country blue farmhouse twenty minutes later .
the floors were original hardwood , there was a crocheted afghan thrown over the back of the country blue sofa , hand - knit doilies rested on the arms of the sofa and recliner , and an old - fashioned piano sat in the far corner of the room .
just the two of us used to go on long walks through the country , exploring the hills and fields .
where was my boyfriend and who was this d - bag country club prince who d hijacked his smart phone ?
he lives in denver and is working the summer at a country club with his dad , i said as i played with the chipped nail polish on my thumb .
someone in hopi country shape shifts into a bear .
the north country has some rugged characters , girl , she squealed in my ear .
they mocked my own soft accent calling me a country git with pretensions of royalty .
the interstate highway system was a thing of the far future ; you made your way cross - country literally by cross - country , making roads as you went .
the interstate highway system was a thing of the far future ; you made your way cross - country literally by cross - country , making roads as you went .
like our late friend in the country ?
he turned to the real estate agent and said , show us old country houses .
out in the country , with acreage .
sassy , he thought and suddenly , i became him , was in the labrador as she padded to the house , an old country house in the middle of 40 acres of pasture .
expressway , beltway gave way to a two - lane country highway out in the sticks with big trees , forests , up and down hills and vistas i should have found exhilarating .
he s out of the country ?
you live in the country ?
no , my family has a country house , gilla said .
i ve spent a lot of time in the woods up at my country house , hunting and whatnot .
i m not giving up a chance to get away and live an adventure farther than the woods around my country home , and a chance to start a new life .
i do nt know you can decide how much you bring , but remember were going to be traveling for a while and possibly going cross country , joyah said .
it was nt often he d come to the country house , but when he did it was special .
probably more than gilla who s spent half of her life in the country and definitely more than me who s spent my whole life in the country .
probably more than gilla who s spent half of her life in the country and definitely more than me who s spent my whole life in the country .
i thought you spent hours running through the woods at your country house , jeff said .
you ve just been beaten by a fifteen - year - old country girl .
have you ever made something like this when you were out in the country , joyah ?
you know , in the villages out in the country people do nt get shoes until they re adults .
let me guess , you spend half your time in trees up at your country house .
well it would nt be much use to you out in the country .
you re that kid from that little city out in the country !
you do nt seem like a country kid .
turning the dial higher , he passed the country channel his dad likedstill nothing .
i knew no good would come of his living in the country with his grandfather .
the young people from the town and many from the country estates will be there .
and remember i m off to the country for my annual family jaunt .
when the silence started to get long and strained , basil filled it with bits of information about his and abelards family in the country .
pig wars and country fairs were better than wars and kidnappings .
melanin had just come to town from someplace in the country .
one was that of the country , esfalia .
rilse grinned , shook his head , flipped his tail and headed out for tegyn , across country .
the road that ran alongside the wall was an old country road , downs lane .
henry star , celebrity of one truth is meeting me , and i am in a chrysler town and country .
he was able to somewhat appease them by promising that he and eva would have another wedding at their country club for all of their friends .
when i went to get a beer , they were standing around the keg arguing over whether we should be listening to country or rap .
they asked me what i thought , country or rap .
i told them that alley liked country music , and it was her apartment .
hey , alley , you got some good country we 'd could play ? ''
then i told them i always thought all those country guys were gay , and the rest of them start hooting and laughing and giving that guy a hard time .
so real quick , the country music was off the stereo , replaced by t.i .
we drove out of town past the trailer court , past the big trucking company and sewer district , until we were out in the country surrounded by cornfields .
she said , ` ` come in , '' and when i opened her door , i saw her sitting behind her desk stapling papers with country music playing on the radio behind her .
compared to ashley , carina , and stacy , i m like a country bumpkin sitting among the city chicks , what with my purple cardigan and my deep - blue jeans and sneakers .
i mean i see the fascination of the lights since fairyland is fairly country , giggles .
i live in the country with the fruit trees , the wildflower meadows , and green grazing pastures .
jake is looking for some new people because terry and alexis older sister , tammy , and my brother bill , graduate from high school this year and will be going off to college and they ll be so busy with their college life they wo nt have time for us country folk anymore .
i would never be a corn - fed country boy , whatever that meant .
perhaps i am nave to think that such opulence would never be found here , its like something out of the homes and country magazine my mum used to subscribe to but never read .
i do nt remember much about mum when i was little , dad was our main caregiver , when the weather was fine we would head off into the country where he would teach us about the plants and trees , it was only later he admitted he had no idea where we were going but somehow always managed to find his way back to the car .
he walked across a street of weeds and entered the village 's country store the only store of any kind that was close to bonanza lake and the church that nestled under the trees at its southern end .
` ` this is an old country road .
the beckley country club ?
i was nt keen on the idea of taking a leisurely country stroll in the pouring rain .
he winked as he gave his harley one final rev and then like a shot , zoomed off down the country mountain road .
many of the roads on my route had no tarmac , there were rutted country lanes , gravel roads , cobbles everywhere making my feet ache all the more and i was cursing like a collier by the time i reached the end of the round .
that s the thing i d enjoy most if i had a car , going off on my own at night , driving along dark deserted country roads and forgetting about everything else .
feet weary with the dust of town and country were once more cajoled into action , stepping left then right in a mindless military manner .
at the top of a hill stood a large two - story stone house which reminded jamie of a large country home in england .
we have an estate out in the country , simple enough for a knight and his family .
i think i remember helen threatening to lock me up at a country house .
as i step through the doorway and into the old country home , the world seems coldly beautiful .
we lived in the country side , isolated and away from any other living humans .
you guys do nt smoke reefer up in that little hick country of yours ?
but i got to admit that its fun being in the country like this .
i grew up listening to my dads classical music , and my moms country .
you sound exactly like the wide - eyed country girls that used to show up at the farm .
i have nt even heard of kensington , but immediately think that its name reeks of a farm country where cows and goats outnumber the human population for sure .
we drive out of his subdivision and head east , toward the country .
while i was travelling around the country , i ran into one .
hey , you alive in here stand up then shout and sing for me a favorite old country tone !
a wealthy country elf out for a stroll , who don know the first thing about the commerce law !
a country elf who ca nt stomach moondrop !
not even a country fey could bear to do such things .
by chalen , why must i suffer the greatest fool of a country fey , when i ve already been tested so often and so grievously ?
the boys and i went over to do a bit of bartering , overheard her wagging her tail about the country bumpkin shed taken in for half a years earnings .
we saw kim , back in a small country town about one hundred miles south of here .
oil paintings of country scenes and seascapes graced the walls .
though i enjoy an occasional jaunt into the country , at my age i much prefer the comforts of city life .
an eclectic mix of music was playing , that included rock , country , rap , and r & b .
even the waiters and waitresses were dressed in old country costumes .
the waitress , in her cream - colored country dress , came by with chips and salsa and water for all .
to distract myself , i blasted twanging country music so loud it nearly burst my ears .
are you enjoying your tour of the country side ? ''
ron rolled his eyes , stood up and pointed to himself , and everyone could see that he d changed from mr . peanut to a shirt from a tim mcgraw concert , and a black baseball cap that read i love country !
only if it was country western music , another boy said , grinning at ron .
despite his country boy image , he d gone to an east coast , ivy league school , and came out with a masters degree in psychology and a fine appreciation of the sport of lacrosse .
in moments we were driving away , down the country road , and behind us the smoke piling out of the forest was all too quickly replaced by trees the size of large buildings .
i loved her rooster - themed country - style decor and the flower box out front .
we both worked at royal heights country club .
with country music playing in the background , shelby emerged holding a bucket full of cleaning supplies .
we used to work together at the country club , royal heights .
the country was entirely green .
the boys father pointed out the separate districts of the country grey lines , this time crowded into the north and east of the land as though overawed by their huge big brother , sipaliwini .
we are going cross country on school visits getting the kids college ready .
there were moments of the country smelling like the inside of toilet used too many time for a number two but we held our nostrils and trekked through .
unfortunately after our little stunt the only option was to drive back across country as planes were grounded .
i thought about running cross country , but i was nt up here long enough to go out for the team .
i began to drive while fumbling through radio stations , seeking something other than country music .
not to say i do n't like country music , but when that 's all you have to listen to sometimes it can become redundant .
that 's a long country mile , knowing that she was in this secret society , and how they think is rather different than how i think .
as i scanned the different radio stations , i heard a lot of country , some country , some more country , hip - hop and a few rap stations .
as i scanned the different radio stations , i heard a lot of country , some country , some more country , hip - hop and a few rap stations .
as i scanned the different radio stations , i heard a lot of country , some country , some more country , hip - hop and a few rap stations .
the counselor asked with a country drawl .
there was a lot of wild country between here and there .
young and sharp - eyed , dressed in an army jacket and pants , he drove fluky , mitty and myself at a high rate of speed back down the narrow country lane back towards town .
the jeep pulled off the dirt of the twisting country lane and onto marmont 's cobbled streets .
so , this molloy character , mitchell continued , hauls this whole bordeaux town across the atlantic , through the panama canal , and drops it right here , in the middle of some of the finest new world wine country you could possibly imagine .
back , speeding through town , he drove rapidly up towards the winding country path and the cordwainer back to our train and his men faithfully standing guard .
a heavy truck turned out onto the country road , forcing mitchell to swerve .
it 'll be polypig country from here on out ; at least until we reach whatever machine gun emplacement the army had waiting on the west side of the pass .
meanwhile , twenty kilometers west , among the undulating , palm - lined fairways of la blanca golf and country club , people were considerably more active .
we take him out , lose him in the country .
there s a lot of fucking country around here , padre .
ahh naturally , by the time of my announcement at la blanca golf and country club , i was in an ill mood .
or he buries it out in the country somewhere .
jayson reached for the radio and found a country music station .
for example , i used to live in a small town where local society was based around a country club .
a kindly czar this country club idea has its merits , ym admitted , turning to misha .
something like : how to open a country club in three weeks , and turn it into a social hub .
it was about a country club .
the idea is to organize a country club in each town , whose members would be more or less authoritative representatives of local communities , along with their wives and children .
the reception out there was pretty bad , and all i could get was the evangelists , politics , or country .
13 gianna 's small car sped through the country road leading away from town .
they are riding me like a pony at a country fair .
no one seemed to be using this mode of transit to cross the country , not even the drivers , who changed every six hours or so .
cross country they spent the night in a sleazy low - slung motel they found in pasadena .
the club three men meet in a quiet country pub .
three men met in a quiet country pub .
that day , it was after eleven when we arrived , leaving us just enough time to stroll through the park , enjoying the real optimism that underpins so much of country life .
and sugar tonians , as country people do , had a special feel for roots .
too many old ratbags in the country these days , it says .
in the country , everyones your neighbour and , for an old local like alf , failing to speak their names , even when they could nt hear , would have been a dire rudeness .
and now she s at the window , looking out at the world and at the column of smoke which , unbeknownst to her , carries rosemary out across the country .
big responsibility for a country nurse like me !
and being located at the bottom edge of the japanese mainland , i always had the sense of being in a somewhat isolated corner of the world , almost as if i was living in a country town .
for a poor family in a somewhat isolated country region , this was a very prestigious job , and the salary was considered to be quite good ( although looking back now i see it was quite pitiful ) .
they got into the car to drive home through the country roads .
it was a rotten , ground - beef kind of foul that the country bliss air freshener could nt suffocate .
no telling what would become of the creek if developers started clearing the woods for country estates , the other term the agent had used .
the bulldozer operator was eating lunch in his truck and listening to country music .
some people get their highs climbing mountains or sheer rock faces , exploring caves , or hiking great distances through rugged country .
the place was nt badly vandalized , probably because it was so far out in the country and pretty well fenced off .
a little group of country baptists paid a nominal rent to the school board to use the building on wednesday evenings and sundays .
the property , of about an acre , was clearly bounded on the frontage side by a country road .
claudio continued on , ignoring the king of kings plight just like he had ignored the struggles of fharese country peasants .
their family would thereafter retire from public life , and catalina would live as long as the gods in heaven willed , as a quiet country wife .
it feeds the four rivers that flow through the city and the country beyond .
he spent most of his time in the country , but demanded that klava went with him , as she cooked and tidied the place .
having the car made it easier for the two lovers to travel between moscow and the dacha , and now they often went to the country in the evening to spend the night in the cottage and came back to moscow in the morning , in time for their workaday activities , in fact things were going quite nicely when one day a terrible disaster struck .
more than that , gregory decided that he was nt feeling that bad after all , and going to the country would also be good for him .
gregory was really content with being at the country cottage .
however , she must have sensed something in her sons voice , which made her jump into the moscvich and rush to the country house , violating all speed limits .
felix has taken her to the country .
its country house after all , less convenient than a city apartment .
believe me , its far better for the ladies to stay in the country than in their city apartment .
he drove for nearly an hour , out of town and into the country , eventually arriving at an old warehouse where he parked and carried the plastic bag to the door , upon which he knocked .
greg is a songwriter , mostly jazz , but occasional pop and new country .
ca n't do that if you 're playing pop or country , rock or classical .
nenus was a native of atlan , but finah was born in the far north country of green island .
or take your children to the country where there are no falling objects , though i doubt there ll be more tremors .
kip mixed teaser information on trading with a heavy dose of lifestyle , seasoned with a little god and country until he got to the big finale .
we got into the back of a land rover as he had a driver and traveled for at least forty minutes until we had left moscow and were somewhere in the country .
i did nt know if she had a boyfriend but i was very happy to escape the temptation and be able to spend some time alone in the country .
i d only been at the large country house , or cortijo in spanish , twice , but it had made a strong impression on me .
the main entrance had a split staircase , on one side the dining room which connected to a very large country kitchen and on the other side were the bedrooms and her grandfathers study with an impressive library .
the following week i spent at the country house writing a new article on my political ideas .
on the other hand , larry jenkins was the embodiment of a scuffed country lawyer .
and that was certainly not a good thing for the country lawyer .
mostly to get out of the house so i would n't have to hear about how i was trying to hob nob with the big shots and how they were just showing pity on the poor little country boy .
we had never had to lock the house especially out here in the country .
he heard the guy that did it talking about it at a small country store in the next county .
you see about a year ago i went to a rather conservative country church .
you live quite a ways out in the country .
i want to live in the country and have a farm .
i mean we already live in the country but it is a small area too small for a farm .
it seems as though you have fallen for the mysterious foreigner and wo nt be settling for just any ole country boy .
the bus trip was an adventure of its own as it ground its way up over the hills and creaked its way down into the valleys of laos , a pretty country slipping by , past pleasant and green villages and their people seemingly content to be where they are .
then different thoughts replaced that emptiness as the tut tut weaved its way between potholes on the roadway leading back to the city from the killing fields and a rapidly setting sun ; a flat tyre on a country lane , left wil beside the roadway while the driver found a replacement or repair for the tyre .
it was a trip they accomplished by holding onto the back of the owners of a couple of motor bikes as they weaved their way along the river shoreline to a single country dirt lane when they were stopped by police or military , and questioned .
wils first temple visiting day was partly spent with hundreds of motorcycles sharing the roads for about 40 kilometres of highway and country roads , arriving at borodudur only to find many buses , for it was school holiday time , and children from all over java were there on excursions to visit jogjakarta 's two famous temples .
but wil was n't staying in chang mai and next morning he was off by minivan to pai , a hill country village located about three hours up in the mountain ranges between chang mai and the myanmar border .
vincent van gogh ( letters ) -- - -- - -- - i have perceived that in all cases man must eventually lower , or at least shift , his conceit of attainable felicity ; not placing it anywhere in the intellect of the fancy ; but in the wife , the heart , the bed , the table , the saddle , the fire - side , the country .
slipping away from the group camped on the estate of yasas father , and then altogether from the little village on the outskirts of benares , gotama followed the deer , heading off alone into more open country .
crossing the ganges at the port of patalipurta on his way to rajagriha , where , it has been reported , he would spend at least a month in the bamboo groves outside the city , always sleeping outside , and spending time each day begging food in the country lanes .
she s never pretended to be a country girl .
mary ellen thought back to when she had been dragged from the country to the city , forced to marry and bed a man she barely knew .
the muldoon house where poncey kept his camera was nearby , but jazzys family lived quite a distance out into the country .
molly and milly ellis , sisters , and blaze bloom had become one of the hottest country acts going , a trio of multi - talented musicians and singers .
but their publicist had always cunningly focused on the girls down - home roots , the salt - of - the - earth values that fed their bond with the fans ; no doubt the planned stopover in tiny skullbone proved the sincerity of that good ol , country - folk kinship .
you can play bingo or see a country band .
its out in the country .
pickup trucks and country music and bar - b - que and dead armadillos in the road .
the famous country song about heading anywhere , heads carolina tails california played in her head over and over as she lurched along the crowded , narrow street in the over - packed bus .
shed get to wear her boots and jeans to school again , drive her truck to any fast food restaurant that struck her fancy , and get to blare her country music as loud as she pleased while she did so .
but the country song she heard in her head as she thought about it was you re gon na miss this .
this improbable prisoner , who had arrived along with the last batch of scared country girls , was different .
to keep from being nervous , teddie let her mind play a soothing song , and found that she was humming everywhere , the country music tribute to a man who loved to travel and yet saw his stay - at - home ex - girlfriend in the crowd wherever he went .
after a week they were finally in the country , and they set up a camp of sorts in a small clearing they found .
sure , hiding in the country was probably not what their captors expected , and they were now in little danger of being found as they hid in a landscape unfamiliar to those who might be hunting them down .
he was a west texas boy through and through and still did nt think that most country music held a candle to his favorite musician , buddy holly .
she was hoping for a nap before dinner , but haley was already in the room , happily singing along to one of teddies favorite country songs .
shed already said her mental goodbyes to the school and town and the mountains , and taken several dozen more pictures that morning while the old country song how can i help you say goodbye played on her mp3 player and tears welled up in her eyes .
with my country music playing , as loud as i want .
while they would have a hard time missing the long country , making landfall at the wrong spot would be catastrophic .
patriotism and love of country were strong bonding factors .
what do you think my fellow country men are going to do when they catch up with me ?
word had been relayed by a rudimentary phone network through the north country that the arriving troops were to be trusted .
how is it this rock - ribbed addict did nt sneak his stash into the country ?
you know , someone who s also out there , wandering the country just to find you .
how cool is that , being out in the country at the exact hour ?
this country road does nt look like highway 10 .
well , i guess were somewhere in the country .
well , anyway , we were driving , driving on s - s - some country road .
the brisk country air and snow will do you good .
city girl in the country , was the name of this one .
it felt more like a country club than a restaurant by the way we were treated , and the way all the regulars knew each other .
everybody knew each other , little traffic , clean country air , and no nuke plant nearby .
donny was a big fan of country and of cajun .
laing carried on , i was driving home after an evening pta meeting and stopped at a four corners country store to grab some groceries .
the accent he used was clearly west country .
one could be in a country house anywhere in england .
the chapel was closer to country than town , beyond the suburban sprawl and into the gentle hills and valleys of the cheshire hinterland .
she suggested one of the large country pubs on the road that connects waverley to alderley edge .
narberth was in the bottom western tip of wales , about 250 miles of motorway and country roads from where i was , and the last place i wanted to be .
the weather had turned wet , and it was difficult to follow their greasy tail - lights as they drove further north , away from the suburbs and into hillier and wilder country .
after a couple of false turns i found the ascot lodge , an old - fashioned country hotel that looked like it offered no more than half a dozen bedrooms behind its shuttered front .
we were on the wide approach that sweeps down into chester and cuts through open country until the very last minute , when it hits the ring - road that circles the city .
46 the next morning i drove down to north birmingham , to one of the suburbs that were built as wealthy victorian merchants began to distance themselves from the dark heart of their steel foundries and sought the green pastures of what was then open country .
i turned off a busy high - street thronged with rush - hour traffic and was instantly driving down tree - lined avenues sign - posted for golf courses and country walks .
up through lichfield and rugeley and on to the a51 , the fast country route taking me through stone and trentham and stoke , then sweeping westward towards crewe .
at first it was fast , but eventually we came off the two - lane expressway and hit the dark country roads that twisted and wound towards the lakes .
millie wore her gator cowboy boots with the walking heels , a tight pair of blue jeans , a fancy embroidered girly country t - shirt over which she wore a short jean jacket which seemed to draw attention to her feminine attributes as much as the holster in which she carried her weapon .
and oh millie , the mountain view country gentlemen will be playing for the dance in the parking lot .
it was a typical country church ; large and white with a bell tower topped by a cross .
i would have liked more upbeat music ; a little more contemporary country rock type of thing .
the country gentlemen played a wedding march which was the cue .
haughty seward had not taken kindly to getting outmaneuvered by the man he and so many others considered a country bumpkin .
to thomas the country boy these scents were likely background ; to her , a city girl since leaving for college , they were pure heaven .
but he was not certain the country boy made the proper match for his prized daughter , however prosperous their farm .
this was beautiful country , and the rain had made it more so .
three people in their sunday best , two in their bedclothes , all in a dusty country lane .
a tiny post office , a couple of miscellaneous stores , a run - down motel , a gas station with a small country store , and rosies caf .
janet voiced audibly now panicked and terrified , but she tried to keep her wits about her as she raced along the narrow country road , desperately hoping to get away from her apparent pursuers .
living in snow country meant having cold weather gear , and jake had plenty of it .
both agents headed for the kitchen and the back door , while uncle pete stepped out on the porch and started to talk to the reporters in his easy country way .
the man in charge seemed to be sergeant grahame , who was everyones idea of the avuncular country policeman .
thus it was that on a rare foray to this unfamiliar part of the country geordie unexpectedly came across a fellow north easterner .
geordie was intrigued at this glimpse into country life .
this was the closest he had come to an everyday tale of country folk since his mother made him listen to the archers omnibus edition on sunday mornings as she roasted the beef when he was a child .
geordie laughed at angelas accent which suddenly morphed into a mix of geordie dialect and west country brogue .
if you need confirmation of the risk he poses , ask that country singer about his daughters encounter with donkin , and she was only fifteen at the time .
dee had expected a few hours to herself to acclimatise and get over her long journey when an instructor tapped on the dorm room door , opened it , threw in a tracksuit and said , cross country run , ten minutes , assembly point c. dressed in her light grey fbi branded track suit with her visitors badge flapping , she set off beside pete and an american called steve post .
nonetheless , she perked up noticeably when she heard the deep bass voice that spoke with a thick black country accent .
firearms were illegal in mexico , but out in the country , with no neighbors for miles and with all the local police on the payroll , nobody seemed to mind the constant volleys of shots that echoed through the trees for hours on end .
jasmine was gorgeous by then , and at an age when many mexican girls in past generations were married and having their first children , so it was foolish high hope on everyones part to expect that the two would nt find each other , living out in the country as they did , and in the same compound .
soon they would drive out of the residential area and be on country roads where houses and help would be out of reach .
the country road was deserted , save for an occasional tractor or truck .
a city girl , shed forgotten how peaceful nights could be in the country .
it seemed like a long , long time ago when shed packed up her things and moved to the country for some privacy , peace and quiet .
taking the exit at bath , we followed highway one through some of the most beautiful country i have ever seen .
bayou country , i thought , without the heat and mosquitoes .
instead of saying anything , i watched the scenery change from wooded flatland to hill country and pristine seaside .
carefully cutting the end off one of my seven inch , fifty - four ring , long filler , handmade , ernesto p. carrillos cigars , crafted by old country tabaquero 's on calle ocho in the heart of miami , i carefully lit it , admiring the aroma .
entering the steep , winding drive down to the restaurant , through big , old , high - trunked trees and grass that was green and smooth and newly mowed , i marveled at some of the loveliest country in the world .
it was new and unfamiliar country to me , but was as pleasant as traveling along the state highways .
` ` welcome back to the north country .
driving through the wonderful country , i thought about jeff , jr .
then we passed by the el credito cigar factory where my friend , ernesto perez carrillo makes the finest cigars in the world from aged leaves of the finest cuban seed tobacco , and hand - rolled by ' tabaqueros ' ( cigar makers ) from the old country .
stone masons led a nomadic life , following the work around the country and across europe .
its not that people at rens are nt watching the game ; they ve just taken a country club approach to doing so .
being a simple country girl , hiking around in the woods must be good for her .
i filled her in on the conversation while driving a bit too fast for the old country lanes .
country music blasts from the speakers , there are guns in the racks , and the four country boys are having a good time .
country music blasts from the speakers , there are guns in the racks , and the four country boys are having a good time .
we are traveling down the old country road very slowly so i can get a better look at the parked automobile .
after passing lake view country club , i approached 1000 lake view trail , i noticed a large concrete block fence around the perimeter of the property .
` ` it 's time for the morning traffic report here at kpcs country radio .
as the barbecue progressed a small band situated near the rig began to play country music .
i thought you skipped the country . ''
apparently she forgot she had promised to drive miss texas wine country in her corvette in the 4th of july parade .
i met miss texas wine country at the staging area , she climbed into the corvette and sat on the back of the rear seat .
george mudd has an extremely successful business here in hereford although he s out of the country quite often .
i have a housekeeper to look after the place for me , she and her husband live in the lodge house down by the main gate , works out really well for everyone as i m out of the country quite often .
from their raised positions , the men could see out over hedgerows on either side of the country lane they had stopped in .
bought any nice old english country houses lately , blotto ?
the castle is a hotel type place with about ten , fifteen palatial guest rooms , like a five star retreat in the country .
she delicately enquired from here or from the country ?
how s the weather down in the country ?
* * * as johno walked into a private function room of a country pub , just outside hereford , the cacophony of numerous overlapping conversations quickly ebbed away .
beesely needed a secretary when he was in the country , so a friend of my mums got me an interview .
i rent a couple of rooms near the office during the week , but i have a small house in the country near portsmouth , where i still have a few navy chums .
he certainly stood a better chance of spotting makienko out in the country , but on the other hand , the russian would have a clearer shot out in the open - if he was there .
and here i am crying in the street like a foolish country girl .
this was one of the reasons i d spent the first day in country just seeing the city .
i knew that the road became largely a country affair once past the airport junction .
i d then retrace my path at some speed until i reached the airport junction where i d drive further away from pristina and take the network of country roads to bring me out on the pristina - skopje highway south of the city .
it took a while to work my way through the narrow country lanes and find a way around kp and back to pristina .
monson never had many friends out in the country .
* while converting a closed country school into a summer batch near wellington , new zealand , steve garnet meets neighbour , lavina ryland .
` ` that was what good girls did in the country then .
i went to a tiny country school like this and over the holidays we practically lived at the school swimming pool . ''
petra said you own a high country sheep station a few hundred kilometres south and will be looking after our package for us . ''
he had n't flown down to the low country for years .
` ` so you 're the country bumpkin , are you ? ''
their final selection was barrie dey , a third year university student who had to complete three month 's practical work on a high country farm as part of his bachelor of agriculture degree .
that 's what young ladies in the conservative country districts did in those days . ''
after a busy three weeks , it was a beautiful saturday afternoon ; cathy had gone out with friends so only the two of them were travelling along the country road .
similar blocks in the city were replaced years ago but there are several still in use in country districts . ''
` ` country districts everywhere are losing population .
` ` i love the country , '' she sighed and followed steve back to the jeep .
her parents , pete and joanne bridges , owned and ran a gas station with an old - fashioned country store close to the highway between l.a . and san diego .
she found dorm life at the university to be rather close and noisy after growing up in the country , and disliked the culture of drugs and alcohol so pervasive at the school .
she was also looking forward to flying her newly purchased pilatus across country to prestons farm to attend the friendly fly - in over christmas and the new year .
it takes a lot of work and a lot of people to make a country go round , interjected preston .
personally , i prefer the country over the city .
it was a cessna caravan cargomastera single turboprop the size of sallys pilatus and used by fedex for rural pickups around the country .
it was greener and brighter than the country shed driven through .
no , i born in the country , on a farm in the province of meda .
the road from blenheim passed through open country until it reached the sea and turned sharply to follow the coastline .
rawiri is director of three small country schools in the back blocks .
thirty minutes outside of the city and you entered straight - up country town .
its a country house .
austin was only one mile from imperial avenue but to his amazement everything west of the street was farmland , the dividing line between city and country .
you should be here in the spring when we drive them to the high country and they graze on public lands .
over the summer , i move my cows to the high country to graze on national forest property .
we drive the cows up to the high country , but before we do that there s a lot of work to be done .
our ranch is close enough to the grazing permit area so we start early in the morning and drive the cattle with horses to the high country .
i remember him going along with his grandpa joshua when he took mrs . beazley around to show the country folks what a well - preserved lady she was .
he needed something that could travel faster than horses and not get bogged down in the country roads .
it was a strange place , but with a pleasant strangeness , a world unto itself that cared nothing for things outside , neither town nor country , human or inhuman .
and you can get away from arkham and out of the country before the investigation into leavitts disappearance picks up steam , i thought .
but instead i chatted with false heartiness about the weather and the prospects for a pleasant trip through interesting country .
those country lanes north of etaples were perfect for it narrow , lots of corners , peasants and flocks of sheep on the move , army vehicles , cyclists it was a veritable obstacle course and a real test of skill .
that was the first time i had this dream : a rutted country road , curving around the side of a hill , and a girl running along it , crying .
that 's right , lads , the accent was strongly west country , you all just back off quietly and me and the boys will leave and this little fellow will keep his head .
that meant some bloody cottage in the hills with no dances or discos and a load of thick country boys for company .
she knew his wife had been half pleased at his promotion and half terrified of moving to the big city , her being a country girl from taunton .
felicity hated rain ; that was one of the reasons why she and her husband randolph had moved to the west country to get away from the incessant london rain .
why are we going to the west country ?
are we even staying in the country ?
where nick and jesse turned north , tequila rode on west and took the next right turn , a narrow lane that led to a country inn , the witches cauldron .
at first , he had seemed like just another small country dictator , no different than a hundred before him .
the two of them could see the three massive , grey airships in the distance to the northwest , and they cut away from the road to ojinaga and across country toward the base .
he was in his fifties , a country type .
in one direction lay glasgow , the bustle and light of the city just beginning its renewed evening vigor in the other , the scrubland , country lanes and forests leading to villages .
in reality the estate felt isolated , a blight to the nearby country dwellers and a prison to anyone unfortunate enough to end up there once the council acquired the flats as part of their housing plan .
were n't the country folk always complaining about a blot on the skyline ?
take a short drive out into the country .
alex nodded and in that moment , behind his maybe - serial killer eyes , i realized that the truth was this ; rachel had n't called him and had probably mistreated him like a country and western singer or a parakeet .
on the pavement , the most wanted man in the country nodded , smiling .
you know , to recapture that spark and see a little of the country .
its too hard to maintain a vehicle when you spend half your time outside the country .
do you listen to country music at all ?
he began writing a simple scene of mae clark driving a dodge ram ( ram would be symbolic ) down a remote country road .
he surrounds me with a whole bunch of puritanical born again country bumpkins who look at me like i m a walking disease .
did the country punk turn pretty ?
there can not be a divide between the two , says sheriff wharton whose voice has a deep , country twang .
his father was a real hero , moving their family from the city to the country to avoid being shipped off to one of the death camps .
we must have looked like an odd couple , jennifer stunning in her black evening dress , and me in my country club tennis whites , slightly grubby from the days work .
on the road too long , he thought , disappointed that the surrounding country had yet to lift his spirits .
in the dusk , chilling breeze coming off the mountains , david breathed deeply trying to rouse past feelings , the joy and exhilaration , the simple peace of being in the high country .
turning onto her old street , she saw that almost all the houses had disappeared , leaving her mothers house like a stray country estate surrounded by forest and lawn .
she stared at the horizon , the boundless country .
susan stuck her head out the window , preferring the dust , as they wound into the high country , getting out at a town where menendezs cousin provided burros .
met some friends in d.c . , visited western maryland , very nice country , looks like it would be good cross - country skiing .
were just three guys sitting around a kitchen table in the middle of the country , drinking beer and eating pizza .
reid followed me in the jaguar as i headed down a series of narrow country roads .
the van turned down a narrow country lane just outside the sleepy village and headed west across a series of dark fields .
the gene search suv that had come to his home with a tall gaunt man and a petite lady named , terrie , had ended their travels at hgl after visiting mrs . keller and the country compound where collin had found another laboratory and a security force that made him wonder what else was located in the compound .
some of them had office , cellular , home , country home , ski chalet and hunting lodge telephone numbers .
it was relatively quiet for a saturday night and there was a country song playing in the background .
the music from the jukebox was country and the singer was crooning softly .
the hillcrest country club was one of the most exclusive clubs in la .
this girl was not the country club type , unless she was working there .
he pulled out the matches from the hillcrest country club in century city .
a study of the member list for the hillcrest country club revealed a who s who of los angeles , with a heavy dose of entertainment industry executives , performers and politicians .
and i m going to need to get into the country club .
the hillcrest country club was an old and exclusive club that included a full golf course smack in the middle of los angeles .
the hillcrest country club had been opened for jewish members at a time when jews were unacceptable elsewhere , and it remained exclusively so until , ironically , the anti - discrimination laws finally forced open its membership to non - jews .
on rajas hunch , they drove to the hillcrest country club .
that is likely what was in that locker at the hillcrest country club .
bates hired the men who recovered the video from the judges locker at the hillcrest country club .
he was strolling with no apparent destination , his hands in his pockets , and looking about him at the buildings and shop windows like a country farmer on his first walk through paris .
while rousseau 's men scoured the country throughout the following week for signs of rogue germans , lepage divided his time between his home study and the back room of rousseaus shop .
his afternoon schedule had not been modified since his arrival in the country cellar .
everyone should see the stars over an english country estate , or watch the sunset from a villa in the oia village , on the island of santorini in greece .
they might hope for an easy landing without any deep water coming right up to any cliffs , but , in any case , they would have to make their landfall , and then they would have to sink the sailboat , and then they would have to take their chances striking out across the rough country , seeking a place to hide themselves , and they would have to find the means to find their way back to the mainland , probably by stealing someone 's boat , and hopefully a better boat than his own , such as one with a big powerful motor on it .
she was thinking the high country of british columbia was the best refuge .
the crown victoria had been sold the day before , and the fugitives now thought it best to lose themselves in the roughest country , where they had to rely on their own boot - heels for their transportation .
doug raised his eyebrows , looked at the kid and smiled as he said , yea , you might say that , i just purchased a new camera and i m going to go across country and take pictures of the wildlife and do some treasure hunting with my metal detector .
he drove on a few country roads before he caught freeway 99 heading south to visalia .
he loved country music and especially vince gill and reba mcintyre .
he loved this country and all the beautiful trees and green lush wooded areas .
once he was checked in and had everything settled he thought he would make a reservation to see one of the famous country and western shows .
that s what instilled in his heart the love for country and western music .
the closer he got to hot springs the more beautiful he thought the arkansas country truly was .
as it happens , self - proclaimed ignorance was a crucial ingredient in henderson 's deliberate ` ` country boy '' camouflage , designed to disarm the city slickers .
as it turned out , however , while i was on the phone leaving messages at country clubs for the building 's attorneys , a mere five blocks away from my place dr . tamara richardson was putting the final touches on preparations for an evening dinner partydestined to throw us together again only weeks later .
i decided to try and divert his misery by hauling him up on the long country french dining table and combing some of the knots out of his shag .
the minute he finds out we 're still alive '' ` ` you 'd damned well better , or you could be looking at a long interlude of pastoral delights up at the danbury country club . ''
while country singers twanged beer hall soliloquies on the general increase in faithless women , jim bob coded in the brokerage houses and offshore banks we 'd be using , the catalog of stocks in the dni portfolio , and our sequence of transactions .
although zeno 's small taverna was in the center of iraklion , its facade was still country style , covered with an arbor .
by the time they reached the winding country road , headlights piercing the downpour , the wind was rushing around them , wild and free .
the thing now was to get out of athens , take leoforos athinon west , then head up the new highway 1 toward the mountains , lose them in the country , find some place to spend the night .
even though he was happily retired down in dorset , thomas hardy country , with a plump welsh common - law wife , he occasionally slipped awaymuch to her chagrinto take on special ops for arm .
` ` and then , come on , first we make some tests in the country , alone .
usman and i were both assigned to the middle eastern university , whose campus was based in the grounds of what had once been an old country house , the home for centuries of the dukes of northumberland .
i tried to place the man geographically , guessing at a west - country origin .
the echoes and the reflections of motion off city streets are different from the broad , swallowing expanse of the country .
over these days and weeks our guards would , by turns , sit and chat with us , joking and telling stories of life in the west country , tales of farms and girls and brimstone preachers .
i ve heard the others are up country somewhere , birmingham , i think .
one sunny morning , with the bedroom windows thrown open to fresh , clean country air , with the first house martins and swallows skimming the breeze , and with the chatter of birds in hedgerows , i awoke early and crawled over to where menachem and aban lay dozing .
i was on a sort of furlough , a relaxed country break before going home .
its been a goal for a long ass time to drive cross country tosee the world , you know , like jack kerouac ?
he knew he was in the woods but had no idea what part of the country he was .
i want everyone in the country afraid of this insect and how its been spotted around the town of springbrook gardens .
up until then , the biggest news going around town was the harmful insect making its way across country had been spotted near springbrook gardens forest .
its nothing more then a helicopter looking for the areas they need to spray because of insect going around the country timmy agreed your right .
i figure that you and me can ride around the country and have us a good time .
he turned to steve , drive out to the country somewhere !
he told me to drive out to the country and on the way ; he told this bitch to suck him off .
he left the jeep sitting there and began walking down the lonely country road .
he thought his luck was changing for the better when he saw a house sitting out in the rugged country like an oasis .
a 19th - century country gentleman stepping into the room after a long days journey on horseback would have been satisfied .
all armed with rifles and country made pistols .
it meant a country place or a mansion with a garden , in russian .
sage , wyoming , sat eight miles northwest of wind river , a one - horse town made up of the saloon , a post office , and a small country store .
and so a sense of deep foreboding came over pfc jimmy pruett when his commander instructed him to clear the small villa ; a feeling of dread so overpowering that he froze for the first time in his forty - two days in country .
pruett loved wind river and his hold on the belief that his town was immune to the debasement , greed , and outright cheating that had captured much of the country had once been strong .
still he wished silently that the bullet killed the elder mcintyre before they dragged him all over sagebrush country because to imagine the suffering inflicted on rory before he died was otherwise too awful .
` ` keith urban , slim dusty , adam brand what are you a country buff ? ''
` ` garth brooks now there s a country man i just go crazy over . ''
it impressed him that she had nt given him the big spiel about how country music is dead and only hicks listen to that stuff .
you like comfort , clutter , frilly , girly , country he says with a hint of mock disgust in his tone as he flips through the mass of keys in his right hand .
what is that you country girls say ?
sounds exciting , coal trains and parties , like a country song in the making .
for the move to the country and your chance to get into the wider favours of my father !
well i dunno what you country people do !
janelles parents were loaded out the ass from their real estate business while we were stuck doing dirty work out in the country .
the country was quiet and the city was loud , and even that was enough of a contrast to bother me .
it was nt until later that night when we were starting to get smashed that i caught wind of a special broadcast on the news about something that had nt reached the country lands yet .
and hux of course , the cute country boy who could nt possibly be compared to any guys from jackson .
i guess i m just used to the quiet country air .
i just felt glad that we never had to see or deal with any of that out in the country .
not like i m saying its bad to get involved , but i got the impression that city folks were much more prone to paranoia than those of us who lived in the country and were nt so informed .
i mean , you re pretty grounded for a country girl .
janelle had brought me up here to get away from my stifled country life , and i figured i should enjoy whatever i could get for as long as i could .
and by then , we were on the fast road back home through the open country and miles of endless fields as we mercilessly chased the dawn .
i left for work just after eight - fifteen , taking my time on the slick country roads .
i mean , who can hear anything through that horrible country whining they re listening to downstairs .
okay , bed is done and i m ready to have another fattening country breakfast and then get those boxes packed today .
this is not a country club , halsted .
the square and the lawns that surrounded the laboratory were fenced by a tall metallic net , over which there was only green country cut from an only old asphalted road .
suddenly all the lights of the laboratory ignited while the other prisoners started to cackle , each in the respective language , making a country house of hell !
we started there through the fields and after few we felt a big coming and going of sirens , in distance the flashing blue were seen to cut the green of the country to all speed .
when they started to fall the first heavy gocciolonis , that immediately made to perfume the country and to hiss the birds , found us near a farm to the borders of the inhabited center .
besides i was certain that if had rained of that that was thundering , soon would have been forced to spend well more than a hour in the porter of the same automobile , of sunday , direct in the country !
another lawn where of everything some is : lizards , toads and country topini to be run after and to catch .
` ` i mind also doing him this , but it is the only mean to prevent to combine him country houses during the supper .
think of us you , and do you see not to make country houses this time , have i made sense of ?
and for which radio channel we listened to , i heard a couple of groans but i tuned in to the country station , and it was perfect timing because at this precise moment the song was talking to me .
he also happened to sing country music .
did nt you always dream of a quiet life in the country ?
you country bumpkin !
ill show you country bumpkin !
that would be a first when were busying ourselves with what stephen harper is wearing on his cross country tour !
he had her at his house out in the country , southwest of chi - town .
he did nt want to be caught in the country with a flat tire and no spare .
not that he planned to travel into the country anytime soon , but he never knew where a story might lead .
he might have to go out in the country to track down gilberts killer .
at the country cemetery , the bermuda grass looked and smelled freshly cut .
* * * there were no stairs now , no building , no height , only space , the open country , miles and miles of plains receding away .
so , dr reid , armed with all that info , even for a country bobby like me it was nt too difficult to spot your car when you arrived this morning .
this was wordsworth country and she could imagine the poet walking along its shores getting fired up about the scenery and the clouds .
she took the road back into grasmere and driving past the green man , she saw that as well as claiming itself to be a fine example of an english country pub , it offered b & b .
he loped over to the car , his long legs ready for another sprint , despite having already run ten miles along country lanes at a blistering pace .
one of the landscapes showed a country house set in a valley among formal gardens .
he produced many paintings of the bomb damage in london , but he also specialised in works showing lakes , gardens and large country houses .
ced pointed to two large pastoral scenes , the central focus of each of which was a fine country house with a lake and gardens .
as for genoa , it makes marseille look like a peaceful country village ; you would nt last a few minutes .
saturday mornings were a time when he and sally would pound the country lanes .
after two hours of pounding the country lanes near their house and racing each other on their bikes , ced and sally returned pleasantly weary and , in ceds case , ravenously hungry .
but some of the artists also produced landscapes with country houses , grand homes , that sort of thing .
it is a remote spot , a walled compound in the country some distance from the nearest village .
the large landscape and the smaller one with the country house were still there in the window .
i m really interested in the views with the country houses over there , but i became quite entranced with these portraits .
shed agreed with ced the previous evening that she would buy one with a country house set in parkland north of windermere that reminded ced strongly of a moretti painting he knew .
he moved to the country , eventually taking up his brushes and palette knives again to paint the country houses of the rich , although , despite being highly sought after , his output was far from prolific .
he moved to the country , eventually taking up his brushes and palette knives again to paint the country houses of the rich , although , despite being highly sought after , his output was far from prolific .
he asked why i was so interested in the painting with the country house .
about two miles north of horsham , they turned right , now heading west on a series of country lanes .
worked in the west country .
they got to see a couple of their favorite country music singersdolly parton and kenny rogers and they even sang one of their favorite songs : islands in the stream .
it seemed okay for a short distance but soon the road began to narrow to something like a bare country lane .
ed had hired ramon while chrissy and johnny were out of the country .
they stayed out late that night , and never even spoke another word after the sun had went down , but unlike the city the country has that effect on you .
chapter 5 when james dean woke up saturday morning it seemed even before he could open his eyes to see or even move he could smell the sweet smell of country sausage popping in a pan full of grease all the way downstairs .
it was a beautiful country song about a maiden waiting on her husband a soldier to return from war .
however there is a country store where it used to be .
to dan , even the country about him seemed to be zombifyingjust like david and ruth , and everyone else willing to come out in the rain .
other girls - the ones from care homes - were moved around the country and kept locked away in houses like the one in london .
now the boy felt as if the country was his alone ; the deserted path , the still air , and the light that shone through the soft mist with such peculiar clarity as to make it seem to glow .
a country landscape painted in discreet oils : dappled sunlight through trees with pretty shading emerald to russet .
he claimed to hate the countryside and country dwellers as much as he hated football fans .
no one spoke as the car sped through the curves and over the humps of the country roads .
anyway , they re country folk .
instead , all the time he was talked to as if he was both very stupid and incapable of understanding anything and on the other hand very crafty for having sneaked himself and his family into the country .
this day , as usual he was pressed , but you would not know it in the quiet calm of the country .
from the air the country seemed greener , and as you got further away from the bitter and pointless struggles between the humans below , you felt calmer .
they sent him back to the old country , somewhere out in the sticks .
the rare incidence of sunshine on a public holiday had enticed legions of drivers out on to the english country roads for the weekend .
whatever feelings mrs jermyn - lloyd had developed for the girl they did nt correlate to floor space or country views , for that matter .
directing mark through the dispersed country roads , the team arrived at the site of the reported contamination at 2:42pm .
the rest of the country had fully experienced the shock and awe of the epizootic as it plowed south along the country during that week .
the plan was to dig two ditches a mile apart from each other , running parallel , across the country towards the himalayas .
as a street fighter , touring country to country no longer exhilarated him .
as a street fighter , touring country to country no longer exhilarated him .
it would nt be a stretch for mike to go out of the country on short notice .
their parents , in a rare act of parental largesse , had decided that the best way to feed their curiosity was to send them on a three - week paleontology dig in the heart of fossil country .
so now jac found himself rushing to make up time , pushing his rented ford taurus for the most part past sixty on the country roads that made up the last forty - five miles between baton rouge and libreville .
now with all privileges returned , rodriguez had his daily 90 - minutes back on the prison radio , alternating between a 7 a.m. and a 6 p.m. slot with another prisoner , tyrone sommer or tired - drone insomnia , as he d been nicknamed an ex - part - time dj from a small station in shreveport who played far too much country music for the inmates liking .
seth had always been a city dweller and had never lived in any place that did n't have less than a million residents , so these peaceful country scenes did n't trip the same nostalgic triggers as they did for most people .
` ` one of braun 's guys , i ' m sure , someone who picked us out on our way out of country .
for a fraction of a second she was a visitor to the small country town .
sally wore a pink and white country style dress with a pink ribbon around her waist and a matching one in her hair to keep her hair back .
sometimes that meant just what it sounded like keeping vips safe in rough country .
ahm only a po country doctah , daniel put on his best hick accent , but that sounds like they were working on the xh .
it was a great relief just to be up in the sunlight and out in the open , bouncing along the country roads down to the freeway feeders to the virginia capital and back .
here they were , living it up , while daniel was driving across the country along the southern route , mostly i-10 and i-20 , toward the opening salvo in their battle to make a better world .
it was callahan who had spirited him out of the country north into nicaragua using his third but unknown persona ... ... .. liam cahill .
` ` he 's in the country but not at the farm .
we have two leads to follow , the first is find the guy in the old vauxhall which might be harder than we think , do n't underestimate the opposition here , the other option is find callahan ... .. i ' m assuming he 's in the country .
he sat now facing george looking as though he belonged in this old country house in his cavalry twills with the knife like crease , lobb shoes and savile row jacket .
i spoke to pat o'rourke and we agreed there 's no way we could risk trying to get him into the country and then burying him in ireland .
beautiful country .
can we move to the country , by grandma and grandpa ?
sam exchanged his wedge for his own putter and joined his half - brother on the 7th green of the river oaks country club .
books about the old country egypt .
it could be a secret meeting at the royal academy of sciences in stockholm in the 1700s , a country house , a girl lying on the blanket in front of him with his hair in his hand or a library in a monastery in the mountains somewhere in italy , surrounded by the world 's knowledge .
later the book was hidden in the library of alexandria , where it remained for many centuries until the library tragically burned down and the book was brought out of the old country to greece and athens .
the highway crossed a railway line and i drove past the village of anwick before i turned off along a minor country lane .
i ' m taking alexa and mulhearn for a little drive out in the country .
i looked both ways up and down the country lane but nothing was coming .
one face even took a chance and had slipped back into the country from the spanish costas .
he was a little shorter than me , but rugged like a man who 'd lived in the country his entire life .
the country roads were really beautiful this time of year .
i ' m just an old man living in the country now .
at least this bunch had all been in the country before , or so they claimed .
on either side of this track , the bushes grew more densely than in the surrounding country , except where the elephants had bulldozed their own private paths .
in the delta , the land had been coloured a deep rich green wherever water flowed ; contrasted with the parched brown dirt that took over every slight elevation ; but now that country was far behind and everything around them was dry and yellow as far as the eye could see .
now he was in more of a hurry , but in the country that he had to travel now , it was nt possible to drive much quicker than walking pace .
they were passing through country that was as parched as the land where they d first been stranded .
they were on the point of dying of thirst in country where water would soon be plentiful .
he plotted his course in a broad arc that was calculated to avoid contact with the remaining survivors and to use some country that looked a little less hostile to motor vehicles than the direct way .
as the afternoon darkened to evening , greens truck made a tortuous progress across the wild country , kicking up dust that julian bowen might have spotted from his hilltop vantage point if he had nt been napping between directing all his attention on the small group of hikers who were inching ever closer to the base of the hills .
how is it that it has been so difficult to find out what the original truth is from the old country and thoth ?
remember the saviors birth and the lighthearted loves blind backward name and footsteps on the path to the old country and prisca sapientia let the wind blow clean .
no time lost and six paintings completed , the four in the gallery , and two larger paintings of ian smiths country pile already hung in his main living room .
and the bonus of a week in a five star country hotel paid for by smith .
* * * i flipped to a page in the scrapbook that showed a picture of my uncle dave and i standing in front of his country house up in north bay , ontarioa city located approximately 335 kilometers north of toronto on the shore of lake nipissing .
my uncle was a divorcee , and we would occasionally visit his country house for a change of environment .
at times we would go up to his country home in north bay .
scott had me follow him into an area of his country house that had been formerly off limits .
i drove to his country house in north bay feeling a little remorseful that i was only coming up just to say goodbye .
old - fashioned , iron garden furniture accentuated the country setting , with a cast - iron table painted white and grouped with four matching chairs .
thank god i m a country boy is a mighty happy song , you know ?
the moment he saw john drop , he headed for high country .
it seemed like we walked a damn country mile to get to the outside pool area where the congressman was .
he 'd turned down a detective 's badge in downtown new orleans for a peaceful life in the country , so why ruin a good thing ?
highway 17 ran southwest of town into open country .
never figured you for the country club type .
they had bought a house on two acres way out in the country , near chantilly .
he liked the big houses near toledo country club .
max had a place on an island about a half an hour from hilton head , in what he called the low country .
jesse drove out of the town and headed down the two - lane country road that led back to waterford .
about ten miles from waterford , jesse raced his bel - air down the two - lane country road .
back on the two - lane country road , jesse 's bel - air raced past the ` ` welcome to waterford .
he could leave the city , the country and we d never hear from him again .
even though she came from a country area , for some reason , it just was nt the same as when she crossed pennsylvanias dutch country .
even though she came from a country area , for some reason , it just was nt the same as when she crossed pennsylvanias dutch country .
clearly , you ve never been out of the country before .
it was all rolling green hills , the fabled thoroughbred country of tennessee .
but still , maybe i should have some kind of cover story to give them , even a dull country attorney is gon na think this a little strange . ''
he s certainly being friendly enough , considering we hardly know him , and the offer to show us some of the country sounds good to me .
sounds as if the guy was trying to sneak an antique out of the country pretty stiff punishment if that s what it was .
even if he is convicted , hell go to one of those federal country club prisons .
the country boy from virginia ?
english breakfast tea for you sir , the waitress popped the cup down in front of my friend and then whipped out a pad and a pen as fast as quick draw mcgraw we are in cowboy country i suppose .
ask for up help here son , he spread his arms wide and turned slowly around , indicating the forest and the country around him , and all you have to do is listen - so long as your heart is good .
this is wild country and your lady friend ai nt here , least not so much as shell be able to help , if n someone takes a dislikin to you .
so my parishioners and i have all been put on ice for the time being yeah , i guess we are not that important , just a small country parish .
he has spent the intervening time since we had last seen each other travelling to his favourite places up and down the country and bidding them all a fond farewell .
i was n't even in the country . '
after looking at the map and glancing around , they decided cutting across country would risk getting them lost on some of the poorly marked trails and delaying them .
preston decided to cut across country on some of those lanes straight north to saint odelienberg .
the next day saw them angling from their quiet country hiding place down along the back roads to where the highway crossed the border .
to their surprise , yet another mp van roared past them , turning off on a country lane .
the small country lane opened onto ordinary open farm fields , but rather well kept .
he did nt like the country .
there ai nt a fence in the country that d touch it , even at tuppence in the pound .
foxy waited until he found a suitable turning , a narrow country lane , and parked just past it .
it had been a tortuous drive , threading his way through the back roads and country lanes of essex .
they were out of the town and travelling southwards at sixty miles per hour along a country road .
there s farm country to the right , open land with the small town drifting to the left and farther until gone .
she had not got the big country house in buckinghamshire yet , but had an extensive and expensive wardrobe and a glimmering lexus on the shared drive which was progress of a sorts .
under a bright winter moon and a creeping rim of dawn glow on the far horizon , he trudged along barren country lanes , through featureless countryside , across which wickedly bitter winds scythed off of the north sea , bringing banks of black rain clouds that opened up above him , soaking his inadequate , thin cotton clothes , making his teeth chatter and thin body to shake with a piercing coldness he had never experienced before .
particularly when his sunday afternoon at his country cottage in hampshire was being disturbed after a wonderful lunch at an exclusive little restaurant that had no need to advertise itself ; indeed would vet potential diners before condescending to reserve a table for them .
but it seemed a sensible plan to replicate the probable journey taken by ' the invaders ' , directly up country and across the humber bridge , a more or less straight line to the moors .
i ' m sure those country bumpkins sleep in the hedgerows , spot everything that moves in the countryside , even if you do n't see them .
do not rely on the minor country lanes to lead in a logical direction .
except for family of course , and country yes .
in a city of concrete and mortar it reminded me of the country cottage i 'd left behind when i 'd separated from my wife .
the girls both adored their country lifestyle , and marissa enjoyed the space it gave her to grow her own organic vegetables and work in peace and quiet .
it 's illegal but almost half the damn country tune in . ''
i had been charging around , it seemed , for days ; bounding here and there like a child at a country fair terrified of missing any of the attractions .
` ` no , i 'd love to hear how you managed to stay in the country , and how your daughter eventually met cornish , '' i felt her mood lighten , her regard warm to my interest .
home was a small town about a hundred miles southwest of chicago , smack dab in the middle of corn country , as amys father was apt to say .
over her all - beige meal country fried steak with gravy , mashed potatoes with gravy , and rolls ( well , there was a little green salad ; pie would come later in the day ) she thought about storing all those nifty little items in the basement .
look what happened when you thought you d just spend a couple of quiet weeks in the country with your old aunt .
some of the students had always lived in the country and were hunters , and mainly wanted to refresh their knowledge of the law , but several were like clare , inexperienced and bone ignorant .
open past 8 p.m. maybe a little jazz combo , if there was anything other than bluegrass and country to be found in the county .
there were already plenty of bluegrass and country venues within an hours drive in any direction .
artwork and jewelry and whatnot from the old country .
after a few miles of deserted country , the gps chick steered me up a long , dark , twisting road .
lisas radio became a source of hilarity as a poltergeist kept turning her classic rock station to wailing country western .
dependent and alone with him in the wide - spread farm country drove home the fact that i was acting like every dumb ingnue in any slasher movie ever made .
i did nt know marshalls address , so i gave the operator his name and a series of country directions , involving instructions like take highway 29 east past the big red barn with the llamas and turn north on the corner where the old gas station that closed down used to be .
i have said it all time i can die formy country nigeria !
from time to time , he would catch a glimpse of nelson in the back seat , aimlessly watching the same country scenes he was .
he also knew that nelson was not going to take him for a ride in the country to see the sights .
mike agreed , thinking just driving in the country was not a bad way to spend a few days .
they drove through the country and onto a state highway following eddie 's directions .
they went up and down the road a few times , and then mike began to direct him farther into the country .
hopping trains was dangerous , but if done right , it could take a man across the country in a week or two , picking up odd jobs along the way to keep food in his belly .
` ` sure , well , welcome to the country club , '' the man said , walking away .
planner parked his car on a quiet country road and took out his blackberry cell phone and an envelope .
* * * * that evening on the same country road as the day before , planner stopped his car , inserted a new sim - card into his cell phone and dialled a number .
anybody in the chain of command that could thwart the plan will be away ; either out of the country , in la or tied up on exercises .
deeper into the country , the sky had become dark as midwest oil and i could see abe was fading .
parts of my summer childhood vaguely resembled ten minutes after last call at a country bar .
as the image of the skyline asserted itself ; my mind began to simmer with the words from a cobb country , georgia library tape i d listened to detailing religious architecture .
` ` i am a little bit country , '' he said .
he walked with only the slightest limp through country lanes , pointing out kestrels , damselflies and rabbits until rhyllann told him to shut up .
this is better then a cross country chase !
wren was being totally out of order , he told himself , dragging him all over the country , dropping him right in it with crombie , making him hi - jack planesthey were lost now , and hungry and tired just as rhyllann decided his life could not get any worse , rain fell in bucket loads from the sky .
superintendent bates , poor old country plod arrived too late .
the clan had been quite large at one time , because most of them lived in the country and had little else to do but to reproduce more of themselves .
it was what country folks generally call a gas dump .
frank continued narrowing his search fields first by country , then by remote locations , fertile acreage , and water availability .
farm country just outside clallam bay .
were doing our best , given the rough country .
at millers suggestion , they decided , after lunch at the restaurant alpin on the summit , to get away from the regular slopes and ski cross country .
miller certainly stood a better chance of spotting makienko out in the country , but on the other hand , the russian would have a clearer shot out in the open - if he was there .
miller had left his backup tracking device with the injured dr . lloyd , before setting off cross country in pursuit of the would - be assassin .
he had moved in to a cottage in the country , with his father .
i have a vague notion that mrs wilkinson said , or indicated at least , that they came from up north somewhere near york , i think but neither of them had any hint of a north country accent .
as a country girl , they wanted their daughter to be safe more than anything else .
laurie and i are on the mall listening to the country bands trying to outdo each other .
oh , i m at one of those obligatory party functions at congressional country club .
claire was safe across country from peas influence and yet laura was close to home .
that was my best bet for escape from car - bound pursuers , but i reckoned i 'd had my fill of werewolf country for one night .
mostly trucks like this one , and truckers probably like this one : loners crossing the country .
alex carrington had retired to the country and as far as was known he was not active in any sphere .
i was now driving a white 2007 chrysler town and country van .
take the baby and skip the country ?
with some furniture and accessories loaded into the back of the town and country van , i was ready to hit the road bright and early .
harvey met us in front of the model home as soon as i parked the town and country van curbside .
i found a french country console table , painted green , as well as a slip - covered sofa , a pair of lamps , and even a patio set for the back deck .
i put the white town and country with the sydney stansfield interiors logo in reverse and carefully backed out of my parking space as i snickered , imagining harveys face when i offered him a thick slice of the aromatic delight .
making my way to the parking area , i stumbled up into the seat and somehow managed to start the town and country van .
henry took the wheel of the town and country van , finding his way along the dimly lit , unfamiliar charleston streets .
their summer outings to kyalami country club were unforgettable .
other jews were well integrated in smaller country towns and villages and many owned concession stores that operated in the vast mining communities , where much of the early wealth of south africa originated .
my eyes were on the children as we carefully made our way toward the open country .
what he would actually say and do were as much a mystery to cole as the reason he was driving out in the country to see him .
i m just a country preacher .
a convoy of suburban 's making their way slowly across the country .
this was his favorite stretch of road , a nice straight three miles of open country .
he always parked away from the trees out on these country roads .
it was a young , hollow voice , with the kind of drawn - out accent a country girl might have .
he had grown up in the mountain country of montana , and he had vowed never to leave , primarily earning his living from walking tours for the well - healed - nice enough people who wanted mostly just to breathe fresh air and hear tales of exciting deeds - but then one day a client was so impressed by his skills and entranced by his stories that he offered him work as rigger in new york ; the offer was only accepted when it came with the assurance he would only be working on new yorks tallest buildings .
it was the right kind of bank for a lone robber : a small , intimate space shared between customers and employees , easy to supervise , and there was that old country pragmatism where money was never more valued than the health of livestock or the prosperity of crops or the air that was breathed - something that would not fly in new york , where the average unarmed hostage was every bit as dangerous as the average armed police officer .
a drive in the country ?
a bodyguard that cooks better than he fights , murmured linde , no wonder fitch has retired to the country .
the talk culminated in her inviting me to her country club so i could check out their courts .
from the old country , their relatives brought animal husbandry techniques , a strong work ethic and purchasing power , and their conservative traditions about civil society and marriage .
my legs shook , my heart raced cross country , my foot tapped like a ground drill , and my mouth shifted from left to right .
prior to rum , errazuriz was a wine - producing company in the basque country and catalonia , but new opportunities brought them to cuba where they experimented with different soils .
i am still not quite sure myself how i feel about it all , but i do like the idea of a country trip with you .
then we can head away for our country trip on wednesday .
it s great to drive even if some of my mates take the mickey out of me for being uppity , tell me i am from the country bunyip aristocracy , come to lord it over city folks .
her mum was thorough charmed , tonight he had brought her flowers , tim was a bit in awe of this successful but convivial man , and her gran and david were trading aussie tales of farm and country life like second nature .
it had a beautiful country pub with climbing roses and ivy rambling over stone walls .
it had been really lovely , with so many well - wishers , all the neighbours came from around the farm and local village and lots of davids extended family , some from across country nsw , others from a mix of australian cities .
susan charmed them all and enjoyed their company , she realised she liked the charm and courtesy of australian country people , they lived a slower and more polite pace than their city cousins .
she saw views out over the beautiful harbour and occasional country trips in his sports car , blasting along winding roads with the wind in her hair .
her thoughts were a jumble of incoherent images , images of mark when she last saw him , a mangled corpse in the mouth of a crocodile , images of him holding her in his arms and loving her , images of his serious half smiling eyes , images of david in his tweed jacket leaning on the side of his sports car in the english country side , images of the little church in watsons bay where she and david had sat quietly together and planned their marriage , images of tabloids screaming out her name , images of all her family and friends shocked faces as she was exposed in the papers and then led away in handcuffs , hideous images of a gleeful crocodile spirit cackling in delight at her comeuppance .
the light snow had transitioned to a hard , cold rain , and the piped - in generic country music had sputtered out because of the storm , leaving their quiet conversation as the sole means of entertainment .
i think you are going to love the work and the country .
she would be met at the airport in arizona , where she would spend a few weeks with their other sister jane on their country ranch .
kerrin was immensely proud of his efforts , and he loved to take the morgan out for a drive in the long tree lined country lanes in the countryside around dana 's parents ' farm in pennsylvania .
he would be driving down the country road enjoying the scenery and the sunshine , the warm air coursing over their bodies as they swept around the bends and accelerated along the long , empty roads ahead .
before he passed through the gates , there was no way the tractor driver could have known whether or not there were any cars on the country road , and if there were , whether or not the car drivers would be paying attention to the road ahead instead of making love to their passengers .
ashe figured that he took some comfort in the fact that his son did n't run across the country , only into youngstown , a stone 's throw away .
i thought we could have a reception at the denver country club , but i remembered how much you hate the country club .
i thought we could have a reception at the denver country club , but i remembered how much you hate the country club .
take your family and go enjoy the country while you can .
' you and me traveling together , we could cut clean across this country and malaysia , too , maybe dip into thailand or whatnot .
its tires were worn and caked with mud and the body of the car was layered with dust , indicating that it had traveled far and over many unpaved country roads .
finally , mui teng conceded defeat and rolled down the window , turning in that direction , breathing deeply , anxious to cleanse her lungs with some good , clean country air .
his lungs burned and he yearned to lie under the high speckled sky and breathe fresh country air .
they were full of people getting by on their mercedes , their two maids , their country club membership or singapore citizenship .
there were no streetlights this far out in the country , only a few porch lights if left on by the residents along nixons run .
honky - tonk strains of country bands or the ethnic rhythms of polka music blared from the amplifiers stacked on the park stage .
i left my deputy and dogs out in the country .
turning left led to route 7 ; turning right led out farther into the country to colerain .
everything had to be ready to swing into action if they could narrow down t.a 's location to a few blocks of the city , or a few barrios in the country .
during the 30s , most of the london tube and train system was replaced with an ultra - fast monorail that could travel at 250 miles per hour in the country , and with the new rail stop under the palace , royal visitors could be dispatched from almost anywhere in the country directly to the palace and other government buildings quickly and securely .
` ` its what they ... '' ` ` its how the natives refer to france on account of how they are taught to draw the country as children , yes , '' he finished , i thought , quite unnecessarily .
the sun was just setting behind a mountain range i could nt name and it had the effect of making the country look idyllic .
we found pearl kramers residence , a french country estate that crested on a hill .
he moved his victims in and out of the country , some were killed by pimps or johns .
back on sunset , kane follows the busy highway , passing rodeo drive before winding his way past the los angeles country club .
chapter 4 leo had the looks of a simple country doctor with the ever - present black suit and impeccable bedside manner but he had lost his license quite a number of years ago .
if he was smart , a quick flight out of the country or a run down to mexico would keep him safe from the reach of the law .
jake downshifted and whipped the convertible into an underground parking garage near the los angeles country club .
i guess i tweaked the nose of my boss , gave violet more reason to hate me , and owe gary a country club membership .
she finally made it down the long winding country road that led to her house .
since andy loved the farm , she wanted to buy a home in the country that was close enough to baltimore to drive to work .
it was located in the country near a small town called sykesville .
we talked easily as mark skillfully maneuvered my truck through the slick snow covered country roads .
we laughed and continued down the slick country roads .
jaclyn , luckily , is in the country .
limousines snaked around the washington square roundabout leading up to union stations front doors , a venomous conga line full of the country club elite .
underneath their leafy canopies , black wrought iron tables and benches sat waiting for elderly italian men to emerge from their nearby homes later that day , ready to play long hands of escopa , conversing in the aggressive , rich tongues of the old country .
america very nice country .
maybe he had nt been there when the glistening swarms ascended on the country and ravaged it like a plague of locusts .
i ve got a safe house one of our contacts leased out in the country , where we wo nt be bothered .
he parked in a little lay - by off a quiet country lane , switched off the engine , turned towards me and said you are a lovely woman , iris .
i glanced up at the sky , figuring i would get a great view of the stars out here in the country .
big bad jack noble taken down by a country cop for making an illegal u - turn .
the country air and peaceful surroundings gave way to the sound of vehicles traveling on i-95 .
there was a bunch of empty bottles of whisky and country club ( beer ) scattered about the place .
jackson took out a bottle of country club beer from the small icebox .
you can go now baby , jackson said strongly as he grabbed another bottle of country club beer from the icebox .
and loud country music came from the speakers .
in fact it was enough money for us to give up on the jobs and get ourselves over to the old country .
just a country girl .
mrs . reid led adele through the french doors onto the terrace of the greenbrier , the most exclusive country club in lexington .
this is beautiful country , some of the loveliest in the state , patricia marveled as the four reached the eastern , unobstructed vista .
you tricked us that you were out the country , you got in here , you got yourself a gun .
he owns a house with a bit of land in the country , and i believe he has another house on the beach .
he loved tearing through the country roads late at night as the bite of the cool air mixed with the sensation of speed .
they had no fixed number , but with susannah they had been approaching their 40s , and marty not being one of those guys who just felt he just had to have a boy - on the contrary , he often felt their large four bedroom house in the country seemed all the more sweeter for its overwhelming female presence - that it might be their last .
he had been taking karate lessons for all of a month at the time janices minivan went skidding off that country road .
natalies at the wheel of the third van as they wind along these country roads .
he spends three days moping around the country house he s rented for the past year , then hops on his bicycle and attempts what he s meant to do for an eternity , but particularly ever since all this stuff started going down , to determine the whereabouts of one scott james .
jenny says she s involved in real estate and owns her own place in the country - impressive , as she states her age at twenty - three - but that when first her mother and then her father disappeared , their house here became her personal party pad .
he knows he should simply return to the house in the country he has called home for two years now , circle the wagons and forget everything , forget everyone .
well , yeah , again , maybe , but whatever , steve shrugs , again without lifting his hands from the wheel or the eyes from this winding country highway .
there are no strip clubs in middlefork , but there s one out in the country about a twenty minute drive from here .
the wild country grass is high enough to eclipse about half a tire , which likely saves them , as the jeeps front left wheel hits an unavoidable rock and flips and sends three of the four occupants sailing into the morning mist .
tom merely recites a basic advertisement for lodging at what he refers to as his country inn , a la a standard thirty second spot back in normal times , as if nothing had changed at all .
coming home at 8:30 at night on a tuesday on my bicycle and i m on some meaningless country road but the stream of cars is nonstop .
their first date out he had taken her to some five star steakhouse in the country , nearly an hour north , and after four glasses of red wine apiece over impossibly succulent ribeyes , even this ogre could seem charming and handsome .
afterward , he drives her a short distance to the country chalet he owns , a half mile from the nearest neighbor , on the backside of a hill and with a sweeping back patio on stilts that overlooks a tiny pastoral pond .
this time around , however , it was hathaways , on the property of belmonts country club , the occasion jacks ninth birthday .
the back and forth of advanced scouting missions had led them to a sprawling , abandoned country home near the tiny town of carrollton , by the southern shore of the james river as it fed into the atlantic .
pretty soon that land i bought in the country was teeming with all sorts of animals .
karaoke being sung in one corner , which leans toward country somehow , in this outerbelt sports bar , but the quality level of these participants pipes is surprisingly good .
he is out in the country by the time his lease expires , living in an old farm house on the second floor above this elderly couple .
james and kelly are riding in her car along the back country highway , tracing the same vague route as the outerbelt , just slightly beyond it .
he will retreat to his second floor apartment in the country with a bottle of wine every night after work , alone but for the stereo , and he will drink and read a book until he falls asleep .
at any rate , one discovered who ones friends were out in the country .
and then right around the time it occurs to him that this tax / muffler protest makes no sense if he s heading into town to work in that same town every day , he reads something about the environmental strain generated by living in the country .
but the costs in lighting and heating alone were much higher out in the sticks , and the average country bumpkin , needless to say , did not bicycle six miles into town .
donna , and , at her request scott , remains behind at the house they d already commandeered in the country , figuring it as good a place as any secluded , spacious to conduct the task given her .
he was a middle aged man with a sunhat on and a weeks worth of beard stubble , seated with his back against the cellar door on the side of a charming country house .
shortly upon leaving the motel , less than a half mile south along this derelict country road , the preferred method of approach has them veering into the heart of thick , pine heavy forest , the scenery not to change one whit from here until they run into a chain link fence at the tail end of their journey .
thirty miles was a long walk , but he would try every vehicle he came across at each of these abandoned country homes .
of course she never phrases it as such and she is normally a kickass saleswoman when it comes to pitching wild ideas it is only that shed kinda heard he was kicking it in the country up there , sounds killer , but nobody takes the bait .
a random drive into the country stumbles across stetson , north dakota , not so much a town as a ten seconds stretch on a country highway .
a random drive into the country stumbles across stetson , north dakota , not so much a town as a ten seconds stretch on a country highway .
they toss the dead cop into the backseat of his own cruiser , and with david at the wheel they drive and they drive , deeper into the country .
and as with those random dr . logan sightings , for instance , that will transpire in the months to follow back east , without any warning they are cruising along a piece of long flat country asphalt , they top one rare bump of a hill and just like that they are knee deep in a scene that takes their breath away .
one sunday he does drive her out into the country and teach her the ins and outs of handling firearms , the others he s slipping her back out of the compound to play trophy girlfriend or whatever as he has drinks with his jackass friends at a local sports bar .
tracy hangs out in the closest little village , and it is nt long before she spots that familiar van blazing past , before she tracks them down to the bed and breakfast in the country .
unable to relax she decides to hop onto the motorcycle she s favored lately for stress reducing runs through the country only , really , as it made too much noise otherwise - for just that very purpose .
and so they move through large swaths of forest for days , weeks at a time , even though country highways would seem a more logical option .
for months now they have avoided all civilization entirely , raiding the cupboards and refrigerators of remote country homes for food and supplies , eschewing towns altogether .
violating his own customary rules , primarily because there is no other viable route out of here , steve finagles his way through to the nearest country road and a short distance out encounters two more , katherine and adam , sitting cross legged by the side of the road , embracing one another and weeping .
i thought my boss was a supreme turd for having his daughters sweet sixteen at a country club , dropped about half of what i make in a year on that .
it was as if she were two people , a trained classical singer in the corn - fed body of a country girl .
the smell reminded her of the people she 'd sung for at a small country holiness church near moniac crossing .
a radio north of the commissary , west side of the tracks , is competing , a snappy country song .
i drive a big rig across country for a living ; or i used to .
turning onto the two - lane country road , josh glanced at bash .
stick to country , and ill buy you another beer .
she punched in one of the least offensive country songs she knew , pulled the front of her t - shirt down a bit to reveal more cleavage and spun to get her free beer .
he d talked himself into thinking it was just a ride across country .
they drove a short distance then turned off the country road onto a one - lane gravel drive .
the prestigious grand opening was at noon today and shortly after , a sinkhole or series of sinkholes swallowed all of the elaborate buildings and much of the surrounding country side , including the main road in .
the sound of a drawly country song drifted from the hallway and a fiftyish year old man emerged from the gloom heading his way .
as we make a circuit of the country i will from time to time ask one of you to venture into the town we are passing through and retrieve one of the missing pieces of the device .
he considered turning on the radio but was nt in the mood for the ubiquitous country music or the crud that dominated the universitys student station , so he listened to the engine as it idled in the press .
he came from the country and was a country boy at heart , but had gone into computer engineering upon entering college .
he came from the country and was a country boy at heart , but had gone into computer engineering upon entering college .
he could hear someone playing country and western music somewhere .
have you ever visited a country fair and stopped to watch a conjurer or magician perform sleights of hand ?
her body had an athletic build that was shaped by all the gymnastics and cross country running she did .
electrical cables ran for miles along the country highway and i had the quiet feeling the car was racing the current , and possibly time .
he parked outside his detached country house , turned off the engine of his bentley and climbed out .
we need to help get lilly out of the country and bring him down before its too late .
we continued our walk , turning onto bajo mono , another country road that traces the tumbling headwaters of the caldera river , passing cascading waterfalls and charming bridges until it finally reaches the trailhead for the famous quetzal trail .
she drove cautiously , watching for deer , as the suvs headlights illuminated the crooked country road .
do nt tell me a country girl like you ca nt ride .
shane sped his car through the winding country roads away from his family estate and down the freeway towards d.c .
once jeremys house sold , alex broke her lease and moved back across country .
he was also well aware of how delicate a situation it was , a grown man driving across country with a teenage girl .
the last listing , and the one with the most promise , was a stately house whose owner , harry wallace , was transferring out of the country .
a lock on a storm shelter in tornado country ?
cherry was a local celebrity , and his band , saddle trash , had been a favorite in the city 's country western bars for a decade before they signed with caulder raines and gained a national following .
their first big hit , ` ` it 's hard to kill a cowboy , '' topped the country music charts for weeks , and cherry 's gravelly , down - to - earth voice resonated on country stations across the country .
their first big hit , ` ` it 's hard to kill a cowboy , '' topped the country music charts for weeks , and cherry 's gravelly , down - to - earth voice resonated on country stations across the country .
* * * danny skerett had been to the little bar named jezebel 's many times , usually for the country music that was its specialty .
in the third drawer he found two of pairs of white socks a pair of expensive looking cowboy boots , and a ratty red baseball cap that read ` ` make mine country . ''
it could n't be edwin , not in some asinine wig and those ridiculous clothes , not wrapped arm - in - arm with a barroom babe in one of the most rowdy , down - and - dirty , country music joints in memphis .
* * * the woman on stage had a vibrant voice that shuddered with heartbreak as she crooned a slow , sad country ballad about a last dance with a man whose heart was no longer hers .
` ` they 're just a bunch of good - looking , talented country boys who happened to get together the right time with the right sound .
the five members of unslung heroes were in their early twenties , grinning , dreamy - eyed young country boys in tight jeans , tooled boots , and western hats .
their music was a stimulating mix of country and rock , and their high - energy performances kept the crowds alive with excitement .
he described the apartment contents and its unsettling location above a rowdy , late - night country bar .
` ` ladies and gentlemen , we 're honored tonight by a visit from one of the true legends of country music , '' he announced .
his gravelly delivery was ideal for country music , especially the kind of kick - ass cowboy songs that made the blood stir and the foot stomp .
for a few years following his explosion onto the country western vista , hit followed hit and album followed album .
she was tousled and stunned , but smiled and raised her glass to the country singer .
` ` so you want to pay me to hang around a bar drinking beer and listening to country music ? ''
` ` i ' m just a quiet country boy who likes his music , and i do n't want trouble from anybody .
he drove with the top down on the mercedes , enjoying the sting of the wind against his face , the fresh smell of country air , and the cloudless sky above .
danny was enough of a country music fan to know about rowdy 's .
it was said to be where some of the biggest stars in the south had honed their early talents , a mecca for true country music devotees .
her smooth , sweet southern accent was a little over - done , and bore traces of plain old country twang .
after will bishop had gone , danny remained at poolside for a few more minutes , pondering the strange relationship between the used - up country singer and the thug who ran jezebel 's .
` ` we 're pretty sure these boys have something going on that does n't have anything to do with draft beer and country music , and we know they 're not afraid to play rough . ''
fifteen country life several ducks competed for the scraps of hamburger bun that danny tossed into the water .
some years back , he used to be a big shot country singer . ''
the house he sought was ` ` just a short ways down turtle slough trace , back off the road a bit in a sweet gum grove , '' according to the directions grudgingly given by an elderly man in a battered ford pickup in front of a country store a few miles back .
as he parked his car and got out , danny heard the tinny strains of country music playing somewhere nearby .
near her on the porch an old electric fan oscillated spastically , and a junk - shop - quality clock radio on a table played a doleful country tune .
the country singer shook his head like a stunned bull , slinging streams of snot and blood , and moved in again .
i pictured her living in the country , helping her mom bake cookies , taking the bus to school , never knowing that the parents she grew up with were not the ones that brought her into the world . ''
` ` you can keep the part about living in the country , and throw the rest away , '' danny noted .
but while most of the other little country stores and bait shops that serviced the sardis reservoir fishing crowd offered the usual selection of barbecue sandwiches , fried chicken , cold cuts and frozen pizza , the fare at gus 's was distinctly different , due primarily to his wife marla 's talents in the kitchen .
you mean like country and western ?
the vast hinterland , fly - over country to progressives , not sharing her vision of redistributionist national state socialism , sends her a house of representatives very much not to her liking .
he also opened that zoo , wild country , a few miles up the road .
misty and i have been to wild country , dick said .
she had hiked cross country for quite some distance to come up on the place from the back .
the lights were on in all the cabins , but that was nt rare for girls away from home in a place that could spook a country dweller , let alone apartment brats who d never even seen a sewer rat .
he seems barren to me , in that glimpse of him spied on from afar , totally different to the father who worked with mother on elaborate fantasies of childhood in their comfortable country house on earth .
before you start worrying about an extended drive in the country you re going to have to get passed tony mcnaught , the guy that made mincemeat out of a two and a half metre professional basketball player .
24 it was another hour and a hundred and fifty kilometres closer to melbourne before wragg spoke again , out in the open spaces of goulborns dairy country , where the first headlights of the evening were emerging upon the highway to replace the slow fading day .
he was in the country , probably on some back road .
at the far end of this clearing was a small stage where a group of children sang some sparkling country western tune while the music was pumped through a few old speakers positioned at either side of the lip of the stage .
we exited the motorway and travelled cross country on increasingly narrow roads .
i jumped in and we set off along innumerable country lanes and byways .
here and there the dim lights of a car moved along a country road and the red glow from the driver 's cab of a railway engine was shown up by a shower of sparks as the fireman threw on more coal .
the country seemed to be very open , with fields and hedges , a few trees and here and there a small copse .
for nearly a mile ahead of me the country was flat and open , covered here and there with patches of white mist and then the ground rose gently to a wooded ridge .
the difficulty lay in those twenty - five kilometres to amiens as i was pretty sure the roads would be watched and i debated whether to attempt it by night across country or walk openly along the road in daylight .
crossing the fields from the wood were a number of german soldiers spread out at intervals in a long line and working steadily across country .
i reached the church and following madame 's directions turned left into the amiens road and was soon out of the village striding along vigorously in open country .
we ca n't walk far across country in the dark , and it 's a very short night anyway .
we set off through the trees , moving with the utmost caution in case we met any patrols and after a little while the trees thinned out and i saw open country ahead .
he braces her sweet breathe from parted lips , hearing a country song within the tractors speakers .
hawk is a boy from a rural farm of hay , cotton , soybeans , cows , and what ever else his daddy planted to make a living for a family of four in the country hills of alabama .
this is country alabama , not new york city .
he was so interested on the thought , you just crawl to her residential plot , you demand the car and the money you flee rakops and maybe head to the country second city .
as there was nothing on the news papers about him missing , frankly gilly knew nothing about his missing and that he had been declared dead , actually he cared less about what was happing back home or anyway in the country for that matter , his car , which was fully his now , the car informally made his and got registered after he gave an officer a tip of ten thousand pula , and he was boosting and oozing , only the oozing and the fast life of the city is what he cared for .
the gimmick behind the gilded sector , he 'd read , was to make a gated community that was meant to feel like living out in the country rather than a city , which explained all the greenery .
early on in their relationship , he and lucinda had enjoyed a lot of afternoons at country parks , in amongst the trees .
he stepped out into an open world that fell away from him , all grass , like a little country park .
* the car left the country lane a few minutes back .
it was now a country park , for walkers , bikes and horses .
she believed herself to be not only the next country superstar , but also the one who would break down the racial barriers of nashville .
danny had the feeling his offer would not be good enough by a country mile and was trying hard to think what might be .
there were a lot of people who 'd had grandparents and great - grandparents who 'd come from the old country out here .
he went to france in the first world war , came home , sold his horses and got into cross country auto racing .
at stockdale highway he turned west and headed into open country .
the cover of callies book opened on a picture of a house in the country , with a red barn and a bare tree .
maybe we could live in the country and have horses , he said .
bibi wheeled several of these through to the main sitting room , a cavernous , echoing space that could have passed for a ballroom in one of the less important country houses .
he might have recognized country or pop titles , but the beatles ?
i wanted so much to take control , but like the first time my father let me drive the rover for a few yards in a country lane i was nervous of the power of the beast .
i stood around for about a minute , to make sure i had been noticed , and then set off cross country for a little walk .
i turned onto the main road and drove south , back the way we came , through one village , and then turned off onto a lane which led out into open country .
i thought from his accent , that he was not french originally , and perhaps as a boy , he lived in the country .
the country looked very fertile and green ; good enough to eat .
there was a pre - framed art seller , something marketed only by a ` ` authentic country store '' sign , whatever that meant , and a drug store that still sold ice cream and fountain soda .
the headquarters of the svr are based just outside moscow , in pleasant country surroundings a large modern concrete office block several stories high .
ben had a copy of country living , and looked bored .
hey , they even did a feature in country houses .
the villa was surrounded by a large garden with trees and flowerbeds that gave it the serene and peaceful air of a country estate even though it was in the middle of town .
an hour later they arrived at the dryvellist hospital which was situated in the country .
from the window he had a view of the tranquil countryside below and the pleasant green of the country with the blue of the sky made a very nice change from the dull grey of the city .
our congregation was gathered in holy ceremony out in the country where sycko was initiated into the sacred secrets of the goddess diana .
the last reporter that dared enter our ' copdom ' is now writing for the gardening section of a country newspaper - no one would talk to him and the only way he would have got a story was to kill someone himself .
when we were first partnered , i had hated the idea of dragging a rookie with me , and a country bumpkin to boot .
it was finished in 1915 at which time it was used to export bales of wool to the ' old country ' .
by midday of the next day , we were right in the middle of desert country .
he said , playing the dumb country boy , which he was n't .
` ` nothing much we can do at the moment , another trip in the country might look a lil ' suspicious , '' i said , attempting at a little humour that went up like a lead balloon .
this unplanned - for increase in value allowed them to demolish their small three bedder , in which they had struggled to raise seven boys , and build a much larger and stately country home , complete with an attached veterinary hospital .
another lady wrapped her in a crocheted knee blanket and sat on the grass next to her , making soothing reassuring remarks in a quaint country accent .
beech open prison was just under an hours drive away along pleasant country roads .
it was a lovely part of the country , and it was the place where she had grown up .
great country , huh ? ''
from the looks of it , one had a rock band playing and the other a country one , but all i could hear was the ballroom music where we stood .
we went to the country one , our hunger forgotten .
did he like country music ?
i ' m just a country girl trying to make a living .
we snaked around lit windows , past happy voices coming from the soldier - filled village homes , and finally made our way down a deserted country lane .
we went on that way for a mile or so when i saw a large country estate in the distance .
and he goes on to write about the new house in the country they just bought .
the screen displayed rapid cuts of military action that shifted to peaceful city and country scenes and ended back at the huge american flag .
pick me up at the country fry , you know where that is ?
it played a few bars of the week 's number one country hit .
helen 's musical tastes ran to country and western , but still , this was the life .
the place is in coffee country , right ?
i m heading south , into coffee country .
all was well groomed in there like an upscale country club with pruned shrubs and clipped grass and palm trees planted in patterns .
blue sky and sun had filled the rows of windows , and the view of kona coffee country and the pacific stretching to the horizon had been stunning , but down here in his high - back rattan chair he could not see any of it .
she became aware that she was in the car again , driving quickly down a country road at night .
daddy sounded like a country bumpkin compared to mayor joe tolson .
restaurant had a rustic , at home type of feeling as if we were visiting grandmas and grandpas house in the country .
one owns a farm in the country .
he would live in the country and off the land , hoping someday he would return to civilization after the chaos had ended .
sitting by the window say something sweet to your sweetheart jump through the ring on the street where you live war and peace music from beyond the moon ebb tide gods country going out of my head an affair to remember vagabond shoes ` ` these days you have to stay in shape .
billy lives in bideford , just a few miles down the coast , so he is used to that peculiar west country feeling of the down at heel , but he always feels discomfited when he leaves billy nero 's comfort zone .
the archers are in full rural swing , the omnibus edition rambling through the private tensions of country life .
tearing himself free , he emerges into the clear space of the country lane and turns a full circle before he is able to pinpoint the direction that he should be heading in , towards the target location , the focus of his anger ; jock cascarino .
up ahead the lexus starts to pick up speed as it nears the top of the hill and the open country lanes .
he needs her , at least for as long as it takes to deal with the three stooges in the courtyard and hit the up country roads .
gods country jock cascarino stands in the middle of the laboratory on the first floor of the barn and balls his fists , driving his finger nails into the soft flesh of his palms .
he wants to fill his lungs with solid country air .
ken mccoist and jock cascarino , late of barnstaple parish , formerly and briefly infamous for being run out of glasgow city 's nether regions by the licensee , gaze out dumbly at a world fundamentally changed , and like dinosaurs grazing in the shadow of the comet , like the romanov family in a cold country house parlour , they have no understanding of the revolution .
the uniforms will get to spend sunny monday in the country , searching in lines .
a lot of god and country .
she stayed at his place whenever he was away on lengthier excursionsthe missions that sent him country - hopping down the west coast of africa .
i thought we were going to tamale gets us pretty far up country .
its a nice time to be up in the hill country around mount fako .
sports , particularly basketball and cross country track were his passion .
he could hear bob on the other end of the store singing some country song about beer , which made him laugh harder .
but was this going to be a cross country thing , now ?
it lay near the ocean and was a perfect spot to keep an eye on things coming into the country .
his question as to ghilibas precise country of birth had been answered by a general , i am a man of africa ; an enquiry as to how he made his living , was parried by a vague , wherever i go , i am blessedly fortunate that people are generous with their charity ; and a direct question as to what had brought him to this unlikely coastal outpost , had been answered by a maddening , i can only follow the path that my feet show me .
the country - style kitchen was an impressive blend of wide - beamed wood flooring and whitewashed wood trim .
that being , a great work ethic , combined with a sense of country and sacrifice , a man could rise up and become whatever he chose , no matter his background .
rugged trees were mixed in , providing country shade .
there was no running water or plumbing ; the cabins only amenity was fresh country air .
it reminded beth of a typical new england country store .
from the way she spoke , phillipa hardcastle sounded as though she would be better suited living in the country , organising gymkhanas and village fetes ; not working as a private investigator .
sasha was used to sleeping in a huge , remote country house , not a bedroom that looked out onto a busy road .
philip was twenty - three years old and a proper country bumpkin .
mrs watsons flat looked more like a country cottage than a flat in the middle of central london .
it would be nice to see the old country .
today was the start of dons big two week family vacation , they were driving around the country seeing famous spots , including yellowstone , mount rushmore and then heading south to the grand canyon .
to live in the open country .
she stopped at a country gas station for directions , where she got the third degree and confused looks before getting an answer .
i have never been in the heart of redneck country .
he loved every sound of her soft country voice , rambling about anything and everything but now , except for the normal hum of the engine and road noise , the inside the car had fallen silent .
it was a typical country layout and , gail admitted , beautiful even though tame by modern city and architectural standards .
they were rowdy , tough , country boys but not mean unless you messed with them the wrong way .
minnie pearl and grandpa jones kind of country music but once i caught her with the dial on the big bands and easy listening .
without looking up , he wiped sweat from his forehead and asked in a twanged country accent .
i mean , him being an outsider , a black man in the middle of redneck country , and for whatever reason , he takes sides with matt .
highway 135 ran straight and flat through the farm country of the arkansas delta .
every store , shop , business , church , even the school , faced main street , and on saturdays the traffic inched along , bumper to bumper , as the country folks flocked to town for their weekly shopping .
gran , who fancied herself as some sort of country medicine woman , had gone to check on him , no doubt with the intention of whipping up one of her dreadful concoctions to force down his throat .
` ` hands as big as a country ham , '' somebody said .
gran put together a dozen eggs , two pounds of country ham , a pound of butter , and two quart jars of strawberry preserves .
gran had sausage and country ham .
he grew a beard , divorced his wife , renounced his church , sold his share of the country club , joined the naacp and aclu , resigned from the bank board , and in general became the scourge of clanton .
the caravan moved slowly , deliberately out of town and into the country .
thankfully , he had a wife with a good job so they could drive new buicks and afford the country club dues and in general put on the necessary airs of educated white people in ford county .
hastings drove and led the convoy into the country , toward the lake , past bates grocery , onto craft road .
the pickups and dirty chevrolets moved slowly behind the single hearse as the procession left town and crawled into the country .
gene and eva brigance lived in the old family house , a sprawling country home on five acres of wooded land in downtown karaway , three blocks from main street and two blocks from the school where jake and his sister put in twelve years .
he told me he normally associates a local boy when he 's out in the country . ''
` ` in the country ? ''
there was a country grocery a few miles out of chester with a coors sign in the window .
that 's ivy league country .
less than three miles from the tonk was a small , neat white - framed country house where ethel and bud iwitty had lived for almost forty years .
the targets were in isolated areas , away from traffic and neighbors , out in the country where things go unnoticed and people go to bed early and sleep soundly .
they talked and laughed as hastings drove in slow motion out into the country , past bates grocery and onto craft road .
he expressed fear at this awesome responsibility that they , the people , had given to him , rufus buckley , a simple country lawyer from smith - field .
for lunch thursday , the coffee shop offered the daily special of country - fried pork chops , turnip greens , and either candied yams , creamed corn , or fried okra .
his childhood home was an old country house in downtown , surrounded by ancient oaks and maples and elms that kept it cool in spite of the summer heat .
she was standing in woodland just a few feet from a quiet country road .
the country roads were rough and rutted .
i was n't going to be a second - class citizen , another poor little jewish boy begging to be let into the goddamn country club .
i owned the country club , okay ?
piped - in country music began playing quietly overhead .
he drove down the road through gently rolling farm country .
the word 's roots actually reached back to the latin paganus , meaning country - dwellers .
the truck 's lone working headlight had been knocked off - center and was casting a skewed sidelong beam into the woods beside the country highway .
` ` farming country somewhere , '' reacher said .
empty country as far as the eye could see .
` ` farming country somewhere .
she caught a glimpse of empty green country .
there was a plain oak desk and matching chairs , big old round things like reacher had seen in old movies about newspaper offices or country banks .
but anywhere he chose to stop , there was a hundred miles of empty country behind his head .
dr freneau told her she better quit smokin and drinkin , but he could have saved his breath - no high - steppin kitty like vera kiss - my - back - cheeks donovan was going to listen to a plain old country doctor like chip freneau .
we was just a couple of country mice , you know , and afraid we 'd get lost .
' come on duh - lorrrr - issss , ' he said , like he wanted to take me out for an ice cream soda or maybe dancin to the country n western over at fudgy 's .
i thought i 'd tell folks he 'd been gone when i got home from vera 's , with - out s'much as a note left behind to say where he 'd taken his country butt off to , and that i 'd poured that bottle of expensive scotch whiskey out on the ground because i was mad at him .
it was low , undulating country , burned khaki by the sun , grass and rock and sandy soil alike .
they were in flat empty country and she eased the silent car faster down a dead - straight road .
in the empty country halfway to abilene , the tall fair man pulled off the highway and headed through vast fields and past dense woodlands until he found a dusty turn - out probably ten miles from the nearest human being .
and that explains a lot in rodeo country , bruises and broken bones .
` ` i ' m not much of a country guy , '' he said .
there was going to be another gas station , and a country store .
he stopped once in empty country , to unscrew the chrysler 's plates with a penny from his pocket .
it looked like he was ready to go lawn bowling at some fancy country club .
they were back up in ranch country .
reversed into the yard and straightened up and looped around the motor barn and headed straight down the dirt track into open country .
luther knew for a fact that they were heavily in debt - big house , big cars , country clubs .
ned becker passed along a red golf shirt from a local country club .
john galdy had just been given a picture book of local country inns .
then there was dockery , fresh from south florida with a ridiculous tan and dressed for summer drinks at the country dub > -- cream - colored linen sports coat , lemon shirt with a tropical motif , white slacks that stopped at bronze sockless ankles , thin crocodile loafers more maroon than brown .
` ` they do n't call it the old country for nothing .
paolo claimed to know the city well , and the country boy was visibly excited about a weekend in town .
a curtain was pulled , and rick was left alone with the last black panther , a very sweet country kid from rural mississippi who would now be shipped home to his mother like broken merchandise .
it was unfair to run him out of the league and out of the country , but to follow him to parma seemed especially cruel .
she had in mind a road trip to the south , to langhirano , through the wine country , with only a couple of important castles to examine .
farming country , very flat , windy , the fens , that kind of thing , north and east of here , about a hundred and twenty miles away . ''
heard dave kemp 's voice , in the country store : it felt like a thin book .
it said , hey , we 're still in the country .
` ` it 's a country house .
farm country .
not in a lonely spot , not on a dark country road .
maybe a country lawyer or a country doctor , or the guy that ran the loan office next to brannan 's bar .
maybe a country lawyer or a country doctor , or the guy that ran the loan office next to brannan 's bar .
` ` you 're a country sheriff .
he was a country boy .
and men who like to buy their guns at country gun stores .
at certain country gun stores in particular .
because certain country gun stores are near military bases , and therefore some of them have something special for sale under the counter .
` ` not bad for a country girl from carter crossing . ''
i walked past them all and headed into open country , stopping at the diner half a mile out for lunch , then continuing onward .
the broad road took me through the bright neon of nashville , fast and above the fray , and then it took me onward through open country , where it was dark and lonely again .
after a time the commercial enterprises died back and the road reverted to what i guessed it had been before , which was a meandering rural route through what looked like pretty country .
they held it over lunch at the country club .
open the encyclopedia to c for country girl and her picture was going to be right there staring back at you .
after six weeks there was a structure in place , and in terms of military law enforcement , a structure demanded in - country personnel all the way up from jailers to judges , and hutton had shown up as one of the prosecutors they shipped in .
they were set on his marrying the daughter of some neighbor in the country .
' all that potato country . '
surely it was a most harmless , even a praiseworthy message to instil in the simple mind of this country girl .
they are country girls and their disabilities affect the possibility of their employment .
only if his rent and rates came to no more than pound500 , would he be able to keep a house in the country , and a beautiful small regency house at that .
these are all simple girls from the country .
we must pick up this polly woman and get the others as they come into the country .
perhaps it would be nice if we had a cottage in the country somewhere .
whites they considered noisy and'smart ' , boodle 's too full of superannuated country squires who would be talking of nothing but the opening of the partridge season .
' after travelling round the country in great style , the doctor took a fancy to a semi - ruined castle in kyushu , our southern island .
tiger had dressed in casual clothes as if for a country outing .
so he wanted to come back into the country quietly .
bond read the whole paper -- '' country newsbits '' and all -- with the minute care bred of desperation .
personally , i guess the shooting match 'll take place somewhere out in the country , where there are no witnesses .
but it was open country with no cover and there were five guns riding behind .
we got half a dozen in today from the country , and i 'd specially kept one in case you came in . ''
and then away and out of the country , tangier - where you could do anything , buy anything , fix anything , columbite .
i bet he would n't have talked to her about one of his country house jobs . ''
evening clothes ; his lightweight black and white dog - tooth suit for the country and for golf ; saxone golf shoes ; a companion to the dark blue , tropical worsted suit he was wearing , and some white silk and dark blue sea island cotton shirts with collars attached and short sleeves .
breakfast came , that inappropriate assortment of foods that boac advertise as ' an english country house breakfast ' , and the chief steward came round with the us customs forms - form no 6063 of the treasury department - and bond read the small print : failure to declare any article or any wilfully false statement ... fine or imprisonment or both and wrote personal effects and cheerfully signed the lie .
it is still a place where the decent inheritors of old fortunes and famous names come to run their stables under racing conditions that are primitive and suggest a country fair meeting for quarter horses .
it was a very fresh , speckled brown egg from french marans hens owned by some friend of may in the country .
only too glad if somebody has bought something in the country .
they might have been old friends , neighbours in the country who were accustomed to drop in on each other for a drink .
bond busied himself noisily with pouring another drink , sat down and picked up country life .
bond turned the pages of country life and flicked ash off his cigarette into the grate .
he said in a relaxed , conversational tone , ' i took three trucks and drove across country to the vicinity of cape hatteras .
you get across country here , over a couple of highways , and you leave enosburg falls to the west .
echo lake looked what it was - the luxurious retreat , in deep country , well away from atom bomb targets , of a millionaire who liked privacy and could probably offset a lot of his running expenses against the stud farm and an occasional good let .
you know how these things can happen , even in an open - handed place like a country club in the tropics .
it was like arriving in a town from open country .
nice stretch of country .
well , last month m got lumbago and some friend of his at blades , one of the fat , drinking ones i suppose '' -- -miss moneypenny turned down her desirable mouth -- - '' told him about this place in the country .
although peter solomon had a magnificent country estate in potomac , he spent much of his time in the city at his penthouse apartment at the exclusive dorchester arms .
we were way out in open country .
but they 're supposed to have some country place a little ways south and east .
the exit led to a wide road that narrowed after a mile and headed south and east into open country .
there were a few closed country stores , bait and tackle , beer on ice , motorcycle parts , and then nothing at all except the dark shape of trees .
i can remember thinking : what if he kidnaps me and takes me to some old shack in the country and holds me for ransom ?
it went by my shoulder and hit the hood of his country squire wagon with a hard clank , scoring the finish .
sandra cross got slowly out of her seat and walked to him , demurely , like a girl on a country road .
the purchase of the sunset hills country club was one of the more recent outrages in l.a .
senator morton wants to meet you and captain connor at one o'clock today at the los angeles country club .
chapter 7 as i pulled into the parking circle at the sunset hills country club , i saw connor standing in front of the big stucco clubhouse .
over at sunset hills country club ?
it felt as if they were leaving a country road and merging onto an eight - lane superhighway .
then the engine shut down behind them and the stunning silence of the empty country fell on them like a weight .
it was an attractive space , waxed floor polished to a shine , new cabinets in unostentatious timber , a big country range , a line of gleaming machines for washing clothes and dishes , electric gadgets on the countertops , more yellow gingham at the windows .
alison 's was clearly the back room on the left , facing west over empty country as far as the eye could see .
you know what these country boys are like . ''
then there was josephine 's life in beautiful colonial mansions on large country estates .
toby and clifton lawrence were having lunch at the hillcrest country club .
hillcrest had been created because few of the top country clubs in los angeles admitted jews .
david spent a great part of that time out of the country , but they talked to each other every day .
he had just motored in from his country estate in gloucestershire , and was dressed in a tweed sports jacket and slacks , with loafers .
years ago , when elizabeth was spending a weekend in their country home in gloucestershire , she went on a picnic by herself .
tommy king went to visit agent edwards at his place on long island , a huge french country pile paid for by the girl 's grateful father .
the real - estate agent described it as ` ` a french country manor , '' a turn of phrase that had reduced poor paolo to paroxysms of laughter .
once a week , the hobe sound literary circle met at the country club for a discussion of the latest books , followed by a luncheon .
sunday was the palm beach polo and country club 's eighteenth anniversary , and south shore boulevard was heavy with traffic as three thousand fans converged on the polo grounds .
driving back to new york , she had decided to take a winding country road over to 1684.1 she was traveling at almost fifty miles per hour as she rounded a sharp curve and spotted a car parked on the right side of the road .
there were more than one hundred men in each cellblock , talking and yelling at the same time , with two television sets tuned to different channels and a music system playing country rock .
jennifer and adam were spending a lazy weekend at a country house in vermont that a friend of adam 's had loaned him .
jennifer had decided to buy a house in the country , somewhere outside of manhattan , where she and her son could live together in their own little world .
you 're in moslem country now .
on weekends , she went into the country and stayed at quaint little inns , and took long walks through the countryside .
that evening , they dined in the hotel at the stubli , a restaurant with the atmosphere of an old country inn .
it was not until they were having dessert that dino mattusi said , ` ` do you like the country ?
perhaps he would enjoy going out for a drive in the country .
to them , it was like living in the country , but he had to cope with these crazy women twenty - four hours a day .
like those cool ladies you see in vogue and town and country , all dressed up and servin ' tea from silver pots .
under different circumstances , she would have enjoyed getting away from the bleak prison walls , free to walk around the farm and breathe the fresh country air , but all she could think about was escaping .
as gunther hartog was paying the check , he said , casually , ` ` i have a little country house in hampshire .
gunther hartog 's ` ` little country house '' was a beautiful seventeenth - century manor home on a thirty - acre estate .
she was invited back for more weekends at gunther 's country home , and she thoroughly enjoyed each visit and delighted in gunther 's company .
- bless his heart - says he 's gon na buy me a big ole country estate instead .
you would loathe living in a country house .
he had not only found the jewel she wanted , he had spared her from the excruciating experience of living in a drafty , rundown country house .
jeff had rented a small car , and they drove out of the city into the beautiful wine country of spain .
she said to kat , ` ` being away from him for a day is like a week in the country . ''
edward had ' arranged a surprise party for her at the country club .
edward was taking her out to the country club for dinner .
it was late by the time edward and mary arrived at the country club there was only a sprinkling of guests'left in the dining room .
lara built a skyscraper and a glamorous resort and country club in deerfield , north of chicago .
` ` while you 're over there , '' david had told her , ` ` you should see something of the country . ''
kate and david were guests at a country estate in sussex .
david had learned to fly in the bush country of south africa , and when the lafayette escadrille was formed in france with american pilots , david went to kate .
the following morning the foreman said , ` ` if you are free this evening , a car will be waiting to take you out to the country . ''
they spent weekends in the country and stopped at little hostels where tony would set up his easel and paint landscapes , and when they got hungry dominique would spread out a picnic lunch she had prepared and they would eat in a meadow .
one afternoon , leafing through a new issue of town and country , eve came across a photograph of alexandra dancing with an attractive man .
i ' m just an old country doctor . ''
to add to their joy , he was assigned to the beautiful little village of castilblanco , in basque country .
the unaccustomed sights and sounds of the country were dazzling .
his father was a banker in the basque country in the north and had seen to it that ricardo was well educated .
they will be staying in basque country , of course .
he 'll probably want to buy a farm somewhere out in the country .
we know it is , because we live here , and we 're able to enjoy its magic - but much of the country thinks of us as a bunch of hillbillies .
i have a country house in virginia .
judd 's office was furnished like a french country living room .
no reference to the fact that judd was a mental case , just an ingenuous suggestion that he drive up to the country and take a rest .
so the ` ` mr . stevenson '' had been part of moody 's country bumpkin facade .
` ` country french ... it 's a lovely old place .
it 's like living in the country . ''
` ` do you like the country ? ''
` ` a man does n't usually buy five acres in the country un less he loves it . ''
a few nights later , at a dinner party at the country club to which they belonged , someone had mentioned a psychoana lyst named judd stevens , and talked about how brilliant he was .
one day , groucho 's daughter , melinda , who was then eight , was invited to a country club by a classmate .
just a rambling country estate in the italian alps owned by a reclusive manufacturer who 'd been semiretired for almost a decade .
from his ringside seat , he had watched merchants and cafes and country lawyers and country doctors throw in the towel and abandon the town .
from his ringside seat , he had watched merchants and cafes and country lawyers and country doctors throw in the towel and abandon the town .
his notoriety attracted clients from the civil side , and his country law office in the town of mendenhall prospered nicely .
he was also a deaconin a country church a few miles outside the town of mount olive .
had he been greedier , or more selective , or even a bit firmer with his billing , john could have doubled his income and joined the country club .
most law firms closed early on friday , and most lawyers were either in bars or at the country club .
there 's a clinic near reno , in the mountains , spectacular country . ''
and a country as well as a city bf residence .
he had a country and a city and a firm that employed him - had employed him , at any rate .
in hand , walked down the far left aisle of the country church in the village of apajon , ten miles south of paris .
' as far as we can gather , he mastered the fringe dialects so as to be understood in the hill country along the cambodian and laos border routes , as well as in rural north vietnam .
they drove back to paris on the assumption that they would be far less obvious among the crowds of the city than in an isolated country inn .
you 're working with me now ; your aide will take her into the country where she 'll be safe .
you 're to be taken to safety in the country .
he 'd never finished high school , then worked for twenty years in his father 's country store .
spicer had presided over small cases for years , in the back of his family 's country store .
they 'd carry him out of trumble in a box , send him home to texas , where they 'd bury him behind the little country church where he 'd been baptized .
trevor bought a quart of beer at a country store on the edge of trumble , and sipped it slowly as he puttered back to jacksonville .
they 're thick for a few miles , then you come to a country road . ''
buster wanted to run , starting over there in the grassy field , to the treeline , through the woods to the country road where he was n't sure what to do next .
the summer after his graduation from pepperdine , adam and a friend drove across the country to key west .
my husband lives in our house in the country . ''
it was in these towns and farms , these ramshackle shotgun houses and dusty country stores and colorful juke joints along highway 61 where the blues was born and spread northward .
the music found a home in memphis where it was blended with gospel and country , and together they spawned rock and roll .
that they 'll kick you out of the country clubs ? ''
he had become a country preacher at the age of fourteen , a regular hellfire - and - brimstoner , but that career was cut short and perhaps delayed forever when he was convicted of the rape and murder of a deacon 's wife .
he took him to the country club and tried to teach him golf , but it did n't work .
he attended the most prestigious prep schools , hung out at the nicest country clubs , and his family consisted of a bunch of booth cousins who were all the same .
he drove west , over the river into arkansas , past the truck stops and dog track in west memphis , and finally through the congestion and into the farm country .
he stopped for a coke at a country grocery where three old men in faded overalls sat on the porch swatting flies and suffering in the heat .
we 'd go talk to his parents , show them our badges , let them see us in our dark suits , let them hear our yankee accents , and these poor country people would literally crack up right in front of us .
he was a deacon or an elder in some country church , a real pillar , you know , and we talked to him like he was a dog .
she was a simple country girl who married young , had babies , stayed home with them , and was expected to obey her husband .
` ` there are lots more out in the country , '' lee said .
they were country people , and they 're buried behind rural churches . ''
we never lived in town , so we were known as country kids .
the memories from the house in the country are not pleasant . ''
the county was split -the city folks were against the conviction for such a lowly crime , while the country folks placed a higher value on good beagles .
they bypassed clanton and stopped at a country store near holly springs .
we ate lunch at the tea shoppe , and took a drive in the country .
` ` i ' m a member , and i ' m a professor , and we 're just sort of expected to roam the country attending meetings with other educated idiots and adopting reports nobody reads .
he had served a few months in one of the country clubs , but no real time .
she would get out of the country , perhaps montreal or calgary .
` ` why do n't you and sims skip the country ? ''
everything a showpiece of english country style .
they let him walk right out of the country .
he stomped the brake pedal while veering to the right , onto a gravel lot in front of an old country store .
it 's chickasaw country .
its regulars were what you would expect - factory workers looking for a drink before heading home , country boys looking for fun , late - night twenty - somethings , and the dance and party crowd there to listen to live music .
it was considered a country school , much smaller than the sprawling ada high school .
but oklahoma is football country , and the coach assured roy that the lights were brighter playing on the gridiron for the ada cougars .
bruce missed an exit , took a wrong turn , then , very lost , decided to make a long loop on some unknown country roads , heading back , he thought , in the general direction of asher .
briggs was from the old school of country lawyers .
` ` but how did he get into the country ? ''
` ` simple american fare , nothing more , and a small country vintage hardly worthy of such distinguished guests .
soon after , both vehicles arrived at the sprawling country estate that was the temporary command headquarters of the american military mission , courtesy of the manila government .
millions leave the country to look for any kind of job in the cities . ''
she would continue to act like a frightened , unsophisticated country woman , then give them the ` ` mystery man '' story .
pedestrians stopped to stare at the european couple who had crashed into their midst , especially since the blond woman wore rustic country clothes .
at which point , he and thayer would have to take their chances in the open country with the chinese army after them and everyone else too frightened to help .
` ` i slipped into the country quietly , leader , because of the difficulties .
it ca n't be pulled out of the bog of a country road without major support .
the elderly li pei demanded , in his harsh country accent .
` ` my wife and i have a place in the country . ''
the grassy point overlooked an elegant country estate in the loire valley .
villier confirmed that ; he learned it was someone in the loire valley , in and around which some forty or fifty retired generals live , usually in modest country houses or larger places owned by others .
` ` we 're meeting drew at an old country inn on the outskirts of villejuif .
the harmless badinage covered the remaining minutes until de vries turned into the graveled parking area of the rundown country inn , country but barely out of the city , flanked by overgrown fields , isolated , and not really inviting .
the harmless badinage covered the remaining minutes until de vries turned into the graveled parking area of the rundown country inn , country but barely out of the city , flanked by overgrown fields , isolated , and not really inviting .
` ` about the attacks on the american latham and his subsequent murder at the country restaurant , no doubt engineered by your psychopathic k unit here in the city ?
it is also no secret that among the wealthier country clubs the hospital is referred to as the ` ` wasp watering hole , '' a play on words , as the meridian has an active and highly confidential alcoholic rehabilitation annex located twenty miles south of the city .
a half hour later they reached the winding country road cut but of the woods that led to the concrete gatehouse flanked by an electrified hurricane fence .
we left his country house barely an hourago .
` ` certain country clubs still have remnants of theold school ties in their lockers .
from the front of the car a few people brokeinto song , obviously a familiar country song ; otherstook it up only to be drowned out by converse'sgroup , who raised their voices in an entirely differ - ent chorus until the singing of both camps dwindledaway into laughter .
shouted hermione geyner , turning crazily into the drive that led to a large oldthree - story house set back off the country road.from what converse could see , it was a house thathad once had a certain majesty , if only by its sizeand the profusion of roofed windows and gables .
conversecrouched , then whipped around to look down at thelong u - shaped drive , half expecting to see the twoother men racing toward him with guns extended.instead , he saw the lights of the car in the distance ; it was on the country road outside , now turning intothe entrance gate on the left .
fighting back the nausea , he watchedevery landmark in the countryside as he directed thedriver to take this turn and that pilotage indeli left and sped down the country road as hermionegeyner slammed the door shut on the porch .
` ` get me out of beret take me tomy house in the country .
for this act he would be a cross - bay business commuter , recently moved from the city to the wine country north of the bay .
fourteen miles into the north bay wine country , the lincoln turned off the highway and drew up in front of a steel grille security gate in a gray - pink stuccoed perimeter wall .
the fire seems like a diversion for him slipping out of d.c . out of the country , for that matter . ''
her mother had , after all , been first a model , then an editor for town and country .
pulling out his cell phone , he punched in the country and city code , then her number .
one was far to the south , the other clear across the country , in the east .
bourne needed to get out of the city and possibly country .
so he had to arrange for travel out of the city , and the country .
today he was dressed like a country gentleman in flannel trousers , tweed jacket , and a tie with a print of hungry - looking foxes .
amatitan was in jalisco , in the heart of tequila country .
moira set out from guadalajara early in the morning , driving into the heart of blue agave country in the mexican state of jalisco .
aushak , more or less midway between the national naval medical center and the chevy chase country club , was a favorite meeting place of his .
they were in spectacular country .
he had followed the shoreline north until the coloured lights of the vast pleasure ground of emperors past faded , giving way to the darkness of the country road .
he ran in spurts to his right , from pine to pine to the mid - point of the curve , where again he knelt in the shadowed greenery , waiting , studying every foot of the thoroughfare 's borders , listening for any sound that did not belong to the hum of the deserted country road .
they started rapidly for the back country road .
would you believe that your big scholarly sister who called a lot of economic shots in ottawa still yells like hell when she sees a mouse in our country kitchen , and goes into panic if it 's a rat ? ''
` ` i told him medusa might get him a villa someplace out of the country where he could n't be reached if we thought it was necessary .
the main house was set back no less than the distance of two football fields from the country road .
however , as he had done on the primitive outskirts of beijing , he drove the car off the country road deep into a mass of tall grass and foliage .
jason scanned the room as best he could ; it was typically rustic , a profusion of browns and reds , from dark furniture to checkered curtains , comfortable and masculine , a man 's cabin in the country .
killed in an accident on a deserted country road in maryland at 4:30 that morning .
` ` you can bet your country club on it .
` ` it 's too dark in here , '' replied mo , seeing essentially what he wanted to see in the front window ; they were on a country road , so narrow and so country the next step lower was dirt .
` ` it 's too dark in here , '' replied mo , seeing essentially what he wanted to see in the front window ; they were on a country road , so narrow and so country the next step lower was dirt .
he rolls across the country three weeks outta the month layin ' every broad on the highways , then blows his keister when he finds out i had a little fun of my own . ''
resigned , she sipped her coffee and replaced the elegant cup in the elegant saucer , annoyed that it was not one of the simple pottery mugs favored by david and her in their rustic country kitchen in maine .
the country inn was the one marie remembered , but it was not part of david webb 's memory ; and when he said as much , his wife briefly closed her eyes , hearing another voice from years ago .
` ` i have to make a list , '' he said urgently , heading for the quaint country table against the wall that served as a desk and a place for the telephone .
an old waiter from the old country , an uncle of trafficante , approached the table and louis held his breath .
` ` where i ' ve been is on a number of unlit country roads , which is important only to my nerves .
our driver knows a little country restaurant in epernon , about six miles from here , where we can talk .
a little country restaurant six miles from here , is n't that what your driver said ? ''
they sat in a booth at the rear of the small country inn , complete with a worn canopy , hard pine banquettes and perfectly acceptable wine .
at the moment he was seated in a booth , facing the rear wall , in the all but empty country restaurant in epernon staring across the table at alex conklin , who sat beside the unidentified bourne and had just explained that he no longer drank alcohol .
a living nightmare of terror and blood was taking place within the confines of a once bucolic country inn .
it was the country restaurant 's kitchen .
sergei and the surviving backup had rushed in after him , the former ripping the weapon out of jason 's hands , together leading the hysterical man back to the rear of the mutilated country inn , where alex and krupkin were waiting for them .
the armor - plated citroand # 65533 ; n sped down the country road toward the paris highway .
the body of the slain man had been placed carefully in the citroand # 65533 ; n 's trunk , and the official soviet comment , if asked for , was one of noninvolvement : two lower - level diplomatic staff had gone out for a country lunch when the massacre occurred .
he was out of the country , in london , at the dorchester , which we know he is n't .
` ` the jackal stormed that country inn yesterday .
one scene after another showed specific men walking in the moscow streets or getting into official vehicles , driving or being driven throughout the city and , in several cases , outside the city over country roads .
the brown sedan sped down the country road , racing past overgrown fields , the driver maniacally gripping the wheel and sporadically glancing at his bound prisoner , a young man who kept straining at his wire - bound hands and feet , his rope- strapped face causing him enormous pain , attested to by his constant grimace and his bulging frightened eyes .
teddy sneaks him out of the country , then watches to see who shows up with a gun .
in my last letter i said things were going well in the flat country of oklahoma .
they slept that night in a tiny country inn - eight closet - sized rooms - that had been in the same family since roman times .
they sped down the country lane in search of wider roads .
the memorial service for robert critz was held in a country club - like mausoleum in a ritzy suburb of philadelphia , the city of his birth but a place he 'd avoided for at least the past thirty years .
caught a train and toured the country ?
` ` i think the cia got me out of prison , out of the country , and here to bologna where they ' ve hidden me in a safe house while they try and figure out what to do with me . ''
they ' ve followed you out of bologna ; you ca n't let them follow you out of the country .
the two words pulsed in the center of the screen like a blinking traffic light at an empty intersection in a country town .
at this time of night traffic was light , and he drove quickly through the horse country around vienna , fairfax , and falls church .
they were rich and successful , all over the society pages , charities , country clubs , you name it .
her friends were all doctors ' wives , country club types , and they ran for cover .
` ` came over from the old country .
it was in oil country , and frequented by offshore roustabouts and the cute little whores they attracted .
` ` i hate country music , '' she said , and he turned it off .
' are you familiar with the cock pit country ? '
the guttural , loud north country voice returned .
a long horse - drawn wagon filled with fruits and country vegetables was in front of them at the kerb .
latham said that the ministry had anticipated more , rather than less , difficulty , as the survey team would be entering the territory of the cock pit , miles of uninhabited country - jungle , really .
' this ganga country ?
two black revolutionaries - recruits from a band of hill country guerrillas .
' indie fever ' was the polite term for a particularly nasty offshoot of encephalitis , infrequent but nevertheless very much a reality , usually found in the hill country .
he fell easily into the hill country patois - damn near indecipherable to mcauliff - and used his hands and eyes in gestures and looks that were absolutely compatible with the obtuse speech .
alexander tarquin mcauliff , geologist , with a company on 38th street in new york city , united states of america , sat down in a native - made chair in an office room high in the inaccessible mountains of the flagstaff range , deep within the core of the impenetrable cock pit country on the island of jamaica , and listened to a man called daniel , minister of council for a covert sect with the name of halidon .
the crude - looking vehicle travelled over a criss - cross pattern of back - country roads , the driver keeping his engine as quiet as possible , coasting on descending hills , shutting off his headlights whenever they approached a populated area .
` ` sounds like a country song .
he was a cheerful corn - fed country boy .
it encompassed the pretty town center we had already seen , but then it bulged north through some country that was mostly strip malls and light industrial units , almost all the way up to sperryville .
they showed allied airmen hiding in cellars lit by candles placed on barrels , and small groups of furtive men dressed in borrowed peasant clothing on country tracks , and pyrenean guides amid snowy mountainous terrain .
two country club memberships .
now that she had retired and finished her childbearing , she spent most of her time with the garden club and the heart fund and the country club and the pta and the church .
new house , cars , country club .
you could cut your salary , sell a jag or two , hock your old lady 's diamonds , maybe sell your mansion and buy a smaller house by the country club . ''
he drifted across the country shoplifting , writing bad checks and breaking into houses here and there .
they continued east through patches of snow and the magnificent scenery of the high country of the untamed sierras .
i wo n't bore you with the circuitous route they used to get me into the country . ''
the noises of the city had been left behind , and now it seemed as if they were in open country .
they passed country clubs , malls , car dealerships , used - car lots , and all the other satellite businesses of the citified suburb that had once been a country town .
they passed country clubs , malls , car dealerships , used - car lots , and all the other satellite businesses of the citified suburb that had once been a country town .
tremont and al - hassan would reach the main country road after a few more miles and drive on into long lake village to prepare for the ceremony .
' you people built everything from water systems to bridges - race tracks , housing projects , country clubs , airfields - the whole thing . '
go back to your safe condominium and your fancy country club , american .
shouted weingrass , standing and poring over the papers on the table in the dining room of a bahrainian official he had known since the kendrick group had built an island country club on the archipelago years before .
also , since i ca n't go home , either to my house in virginia or even out to colorado , without being swamped , can someone in this booby hatch rent me a lodge or a cabin in the country under another name ?
the anomaly of the airport was for the benefit of those dozen or so privileged landowners who had built estates for themselves in the back country and simply wanted it .
it took eight seconds ; the man fell to the ground , struggling against the inevitable effects , finally lying immobile on the country road .
the government mobile unit behind him was new and the turn in the country road ahead was halfway around a long wooded curve , the turn itself close to a blind one .
later there were at least two dozen others i tried unsuccessfully to raise backing from for the middle east and some of them are on that list - why , i do n't know , but i do know all those lives are being lived in the suburbs with green lawns and country clubs and colleges they can barely afford for their kids .
there were no streetlamps on the back country road , and were it not for the wash of his headlights , paddy would have missed the brick wall and the white wrought - iron gate .
a country road in mesa verde , west of a certain congressman 's house . '
the gentleman thinking , perhaps , of acquiring the apartment adjoining his in kensington ; or buying that place in the country he and his family had been renting for so long .
he had received extensive sniper training in little creek , and had been required to draw upon those skills in country .
but even then , he would spend several weeks at a time in his country estates , in molnar .
illana enjoyed addressing people in english , as if she were living in a british country house , and so we learned . ''
it simply did not feel like an area that a billionaire would have chosen for a country retreat .
made your money in the big city and now you want the peace and quiet of the country , that it ? ''
the plane was a new cessna , a 340 series twin - engine craft , and its pilot , as janson could tell by the fluid grace with which it touched down and came to a stop , was an extremely skilled professional , not a country doctor playing crop duster .
he 'd remodeled the room a decade ago , removing most of his father 's influences and purposefully evoking the mood of an english country estate .
she wanted a husband and a family and long days spent at the country club spoiling the children , playing tennis , doing lunch with her mother .
no quiet facility in the country .
the potomac country club in mclean , virginia , was established a hundred years earlier by some wealthy people who 'd been snubbed by the other country clubs .
the potomac country club in mclean , virginia , was established a hundred years earlier by some wealthy people who 'd been snubbed by the other country clubs .
though it was still known as a new country club , it looked and felt and acted like all the rest .
as a result , potomac had the nicest golf course , tennis facilities , pools , clubhouses , dining room , everything an ambitious country club could want .
he was not a member of the potomac country club then , though he now acted as if he 'd been born there .
they joined the potomac country club and became fixtures .
` ` maybe tonight , '' he mumbled to himself as he drove into the entrance of the potomac country club .
she was pushing thirty and it was time to marry a fine young man with a well - paying job and a bright future so she could bear their grandchildren and spend the rest of her life at the potomac country club .
he sounded indoors , perhaps in the men 's lounge at the potomac country club , double scotch in hand , big cigar , a game of gin rummy in progress with the boys .
barb had engineered the separation because , as clay found out later , a very rich young man at the potomac country club had just lost his wife to ovarian cancer .
a december wedding was planned at an episcopal church in mclean , with a reception at the potomac country club .
it was a wednesday , a slow night at the country club .
every debutante and private school girl and country club socialite in metropolitan d.c . dreamed of the moment when she would arrive in the pages of capitol magazine .
now the potomac country club would approve his application tomorrow if he wrote the right check .
but never in a country club crowd , and especially one so dominated by big - firm types .
ejected from the great potomac country club .
clay was n't in the mood for either whining or promising , and he found himself relieved that she was out of the country .
for the first time in her life , rebecca just wanted to get away - away from a bad marriage , away from her family , away from the country club and the insufferable people who went there , away from the pressures of making money and accumulating stuff , away from mclean and the only friends she 'd ever known .
rhoda kassellaw lived in the beech hill community , twelve miles north of clanton , in a modest gray brick house on a narrow , paved country road .
it was a pleasant little country house , a stone 's throw from mr . and mrs . deece next door .
she warmed to wiley , though , when he reconsidered and ordered scrambled eggs , country ham , biscuits , grits , and a side of hash browns , enough cholesterol to choke a mule .
the pork chops were provided by her brother , who still lived on the old family place out in the country .
no doctors , no bankers , no country club assholes .
* * * harry rex 's ten - minute drive into the country took almost half an hour , and that was on the paved county road .
the country clubs were off limits .
he was breathing so hard i thought he 'd sprinted from his house out in the country .
claude lived out in the country , and there was an awful rumor over in lowtown that he did not go to church .
when we finally finished with the constables and the justices of the peace , woody gates and the country boys played a few bluegrass tunes and the crowd appreciated the break .
woody gates and the country boys , who seemed to always be available , filled in the gaps with some bluegrass .
because the cops were on high alert , and would love nothing more than another drug bust , poker the next thursday was moved to a different location , one deep in the country .
woody gates and the country boys played for hours on a side porch .
i had been greeted so warmly in each church - black or white , large or small , town or country - that i could not imagine christian folks being rude to a guest .
there was a survivor of the bataan death march , the last local veteran of world war i , a sailor who had been at pearl harbor , a retiring minister who 'd served one small country congregation for forty - five years , an old missionary who 'd lived for thirty - one years in the congo , a recent graduate who was dancing in a musical on broadway , a lady who 'd lived in twenty - two states , a man who 'd been married seven times and was anxious to share his advice with future newlyweds , mr . mitlo - our token immigrant , a retiring basketball coach , the short - order cook at the tea shoppe who 'd been frying eggs forever .
night was falling fast across the high desert country around santa fe .
fairly good marksmanship for a simple country doctor , i 'd say . ''
hal burke sat at the desk in his study , listening to the rain beat down on the roof of what he sardonically termed his ` ` occasional weekend country retreat . ''
first built in the mid-1500s on the orders of the powerful , cunning , and crafty queen catherine de medici , the wife of one king of france and the mother of three more , the elegant country palace and its vast park and hunting preserve had at last been abandoned around 1650 .
and even in this open , unpopulated country the sound of so much gunfire was bound to draw unwelcome attention .
the nation 's chief executive listened in stunned silence while klein recounted the damning evidence gathered by jon smith and peter howell - both in new mexico and outside hal burke 's country house .
he had been fast asleep in his weekend country home outside oxford when the first frantic call from ml6 headquarters reached him .
the chateau itself , more than six centuries old , had once been a weekend country retreat for several french kings .
` ` the south country ? ''
he was forced to give up the high - ground , as deadly a disadvantage on the staircase as it was in the hill country .
he had reached bonifacio by seven and a taxi had driven him north along the coast to porto vecchio and up to an inn up in the hill country .
the sound had been shattering , an explosion echoing throughout the small country inn , yet no one had come running to see what had happened .
a man was silhouetted between two trees , the silhouette familiar , last seen in the doorframe of a country inn .
they sped down the country road ; several hundred yards ahead he could see a fork clearly in the headlights .
we ' ve got to get waverly out of the country .
` ` he claimed mother drove it to our country house without oil in the crankcase and with the wrong petrol .
geoffrey waters personally made the arrangements for special communications equipment and three armed mi-5 personnel to meet the american aircraft and drive the pilot and the montrose boy to the country inn on the far outskirts of edinburgh .
this guard had no shotgun hanging from his shoulder ; instead , an extremely large holster was on his right hip , held in place by a wide leather belt that creased his hill - country clothing .
` ` silvio togazzi is duly registered - or should i say inserted - in the proper records of birth in palermo , as is his baptism at the church of the blessed savior , a country church south of cafala .
the small hotel in new jersey 's ` ` hunt country '' was conveniently , if distantly , situated between a golf course a half mile down the road on the right , and riding stables a half mile up on the left .
morning came in new jersey 's hunt country , the fairways and the pastures glistening with the sun and the early dew , and the quartet arrived approximately thirty minutes apart .
the youngsters out of sight , scofield and pryce resumed their positions on the edge of the country road , accelerating their pace .
or did you , perhaps , find some way to sneak it into the country ? ''
elizondo led him past an area of gracious country houses , cigarrales , where rich professionals lived , on up a hill and beyond the parador hotel and past tractlike modern housing .
from time to time he stopped at a country inn or simply pulled off into a grove of trees to search the sky for helicopters or light aircraft that might be tracking him .
` ` we ' ve checked every source we have , and what we know is that the general was supposed to be at his country estate in kent .
there were no helicopters , but there were two other cars , and two armed men leaning against the front corners of the country lodge .
moments later , the two cars carrying the terrorists left the dirt road for the country highway .
aalst , belgium outside the old market town of aalst stood the country estate of the brabant branch of the la porte family .
she dipped dense slices of country bread into the stew and washed it all down with a carafe of red wine .
the chteau la rouge was not the fine country estate the name would have implied around bordeaux or even in most of the loire valley .
peter laughed and rolled the car onward along the country road that curved out and around .
` ` is this your family 's country estate ? ''
she loved winter , especially here , in the country , near all that she held dear .
if you get him , he gets a country club for the rest of his life while the federal courts pamper him and find a thousand ways to keep him alive . ''
hamilton jaynes was enjoying a quiet drink with the boys in the lounge of a posh country club near alexandria when he saw the news clip on a corner tv .
he left the country club and drove back to his office , on the third floor of the hoover building .
patrick stopped at verhall 's country store on highway 15 at the divide between stone and hanison counties .
this is flat country , remember . ''
but in the end , he was convinced he could disappear even farther into the country .
` ` clovis lived in the country , out from wiggins , in a small white - frame house he and his wife had built back before the war .
we eventually left , and driving back to his house he announced he needed a beer , just one beer for his bladder , and at that moment we just happened to be nearing a country store .
dionne grew up in philadelphia and never warmed to life in the country .
in spite of being the site of a prison , this is beautiful country with spectacular views .
otis is a country boy , a baptist with a deep faith , a happily married electrician who still can not believe he 's in a federal prison .
there 's an old country store called peacock 's , and mr . peacock sees everything .
` ` and the second witness , the one at the country store near the cabin .
i think he misses the good life at the federal country club . ''
my car and i are assigned to a skinny country kid named denny , and he takes his job seriously .
i use interstate highways , state routes , country roads , and national parkways .
do you live in town or in the country ? ''
he says he 's a country boy who prefers the outdoors , likes to hunt and fish and pee off the back porch .
gene cooley is buried behind an abandoned country church in a small , weedy cemetery with about a hundred graves .
downtown proper is an overgrown alley with four crumbling buildings and a country store with a post office attached to it .
he explains that most of the residents , including his family and friends , live out from town , off the narrow country lanes and deep in the valleys .
it 's almost midnight when she leaves the state highway and turns onto the country lane to nathan 's house .
the road winds past nathan 's and through some pastureland before passing another home , almost two miles farther into the country .
last friday , he flew from roanoke to jamaica on a private jet , then reentered the country sunday as malcolm bannister . ''
he had a job as a cashier in a country store , deep in the mountains around the small town of ripplemead , when he was approached by a stranger who offered him $ 10 an hour for some manual labor .
there are firms in this town that expect their new asso- ciates to wear nice suits every day , to drive a presentable vehicle , to live in a respectable house , even to hang out at the fashionable country clubs .
they have a nice home in the country with a few acres and a garden , and they are the happiest people i know .
they rented a local moose lodge and threw a big party with catfish and bluegrass , even got a local country dj to spin records .
behind a small country church , a few miles north of memphis , donny ray black is laid to rest .
i ' m sure some of his pals have pulled time at the federal country clubs , but keeley knows that jail here means one downtown with lots of street types .
` ` age thirty - three , married , mother of two , doctor 's wife , two country clubs , two health clubs , a whole list of social clubs . ''
ken 's bmw was blue and spotless , and he drove it with great care into the countryside , past manicured farms and estates and tree - lined roads until they reached the country club .
for a black guy from a lower - middle - class family in gulfport , the thought of stepping foot in a country club was intimidating .
lonnie slept that night in a suite on the third floor of the country club , and awoke to a splendid fairway view , and a slight hangover .
dated april 20 , 1995 , it began : ` ` dear mom : i ' m now living in biloxi , mississippi , on the gulf coast , '' and proceeded to explain how much he loved salt water and beaches and could never again live in farm country .
we were country kids , liked horses and rodeos .
he listened to a country station and wondered how in the world a sequestered juror got a copy of a business magazine not readily available on the streets of biloxi .
a magnificent town house was built , a country estate purchased in newport , another seaside retreat constructed in a development called oyster bay , and every week she held a series of exhausting meetings with the executives of her late husband 's companies .
no country club colonels to pat you on the back ?
on the right side were six brown leather armchairs in a semicircle - the sort that might be found in the study of a wealthy country squire - with a thick rectangular coffee table placed in front .
canfield had tried the car , driving it up and down a country road to get the feel of it , to get used to driving with only his right hand .
fifteen minutes later , he pulled up near a half - timbered stone building in a remote , wooded area off the small country road .
get out of the country as fast as you can .
peter asked , gunning the old toyota 's arthritic engine as he pulled onto the dark country road .
a country house ?
kent , england at his country estate in westerham , kent , sir edward downey , the retired prime minister of england , was in the middle of a game of chess in the rose garden with his grandson when the telephone rang .
the funny thing was , she found she loved the country .
talk had already begun about dispatching the angeli re belli he came by my country estate too late .
the deserted country road , the weapons ... this was a classic execution .
he recalled the agony of peter 's murder in the country inn in rural switzerland , but instead of demoralizing him , the memory gave him resolve .
slender and bronze from her daily tennis and tanning regimen at the country club .
every sound was anti - male : the abrupt , husky voice of the gal answering the phone ; the sounds of some female country crooner wafting through the speakers ; the occasional shrill voice from down the hall .
there , they would follow an honorable calling and he would teach them how to be lawyers - gentleman lawyers , country lawyers .
the sullivan firm had eight or nine lawyers who represented the banks and insurance companies , and they earned just enough to hang out with the doctors at the country club .
got the ole boy wearing golf shirts and eating at the country club .
past everything until he was in the country , away from the traffic , away from the legend .
they were in the country now .
they stopped at a country store and bought sodas .
one glance and there was no doubt this brute and his brothers would do anything for the money ray was still hauling around the country .
the dacha leased by the american embassy was a modest two - story country house built of logs , set on a ridge overlooking this valley in the woods southwest of moscow .
the nkvd liked to keep all foreigners , especially americans , under close surveillance , and a country house required particular attention .
he was a country boy , a hick ; his peasant speech betrayed him .
` ` in the country he has a grand house that the russians seized from some rich merchant .
to von schiissler 's country house , i mean ? ''
he glanced at his watch and tried to figure out what piece of country the lysander would be flying over just then .
a third in 2001 found on the side of an english country road , the apparent victim of a hit and run .
mostly uninhabited country , villages here and there and the occasional yurts , which clearly distinguished the scenery from the alps or the pyrenees , where she and thorvaldsen had last been together .
she went all the way to the river and turned north on a country road .
it was a narrow country road , domesticated with ranch fencing in rough timber and tamed with mowed shoulders and specimen plantings .
he felt he should n't be liking wynonna judd as much as he was , because if somebody had asked him if he 'd enjoy a country vocalist singing plaintively about love , he 'd have probably said no he would n't , based on his preconceptions .
a new dental treatment might start out in california and sweep the country like a fashion , so the thirteen - year - old boy getting it in des moines had to have been born five years later than the thirteen - year - old boy getting it in los angleles .
air force two landed in bismarck and armstrong went home to join his wife and spend the night in his own bed in the family house in the lake country south of the city .
` ` hilly country ? ''
it felt like empty country .
` ` plenty of places to hide in a country church , '' stuyvesant said .
they 're somewhere in one of about six huge states , in a bar or a country store , using the pay phone .
he said the service would be held on sunday morning , in a small country church in a small wyoming town called grace , where no finer metaphor for america 's enduring greatness could be found .
forty miles of open country in some big four - wheel - drive , and you hit the highway .
` ` they read the map and had the same idea you did , to exit across open country to the west .
i can see a country doctor being worried about getting in the middle of a domestic dispute where the guy drinks beer and wears a sleeveless t - shirt and has a couple of pit bull terriers in the yard , with broken - down appliances and cars .
a rural area , farm country , a bunch of prosperous types playing good - old - boy , rolling their sleeves , loosening their ties , ordering a pitcher of domestic beer , getting sirloins cooked rare , smirking about the coastal pussies who worried about cholesterol .
so he kept on going , satisfied with his progress , enjoying the small compensations that fresh air and country smells brought with them .
corn country was ideal for a little clandestine farming .
which was why the white van had passed up the chance of its speed and convenience and was still labouring east on the minor thoroughfare , towards a small town called medicine hat , where it intended to finally turn south and lose itself in the wild country around pakowki lake , before finding a nameless rutted track that ran deep into the woods , and all the way to america .
five years earlier they had sold the family farm , retaining only a t - shaped acre that encompassed their driveway and their three houses , and in the country way of things they had never gotten around to marking off their new boundaries .
this is farm country .
' and it 's farm country .
margaret coe had been wearing a green dress , which did n't help in corn country in early summer .
not in farm country .
they were on the two - lane road , north of the motel , well out in featureless farm country , rolling steadily along , nothing to see beyond the headlight beams .
the concrete was smooth and strong because nebraska was tornado country , and either zoning laws or construction standards or insurance requirements or just a conscientious architect had demanded an adequate shelter .
at this moment in the coulee country , life seems to be holding its breath .
from the nearby studio of kdcu - am , your talk voice in the coulee country , the entertainingly rabid george rathbun has settled into badger barrage , his popular morning broadcast .
tom lund looks down and reads : ` ` as the police in french landing fail to discover any leads to the identity of the fiendish double murderer and sex criminal this reporter has dubbed ` ` the fisherman , '' the grim specters of fear , despair , and suspicion run increasingly rampant through the streets of that little town , and from there out into the farms and villages throughout french county , darkening by their touch every portion of the coulee country . '
` ` only oi was wonderin ' , in me simple country manner , '' says rebecca , ` ` why oi should be requested to appear at the crack o ' dawn on the grand day . ''
he has to have a talk with tyler about the buddy system , because while fred does n't believe what wendell green is apparently trying to insinuate , that the ghost of a fabulous turn - of - the - century cannibal and all - around boogerman named albert fish has for some reason turned up here in coulee country , someone is certainly out there , and this someone has murdered two little children and done unspeakable ( at least unless you 're wendell green , it seems ) things to the bodies .
he 's strong , he 's modest , and he can hit the baseball a country mile .
so cool it , coulee country !
kdcu - am , this sign reads , your talk voice in coulee country .
he does n't do it very well , but there 's no question who he 's doing : the one and only wisconsin rat , whose evening drive - time program on kwla - fm is famous in coulee country ( except the word we probably want is ` ` infamous '' ) .
even now , in the twenty - first century , the towns in coulee country give up quickly to the woods and the fields .
jack had fallen in love with the coulee country , and dale would have wagered a good sum that it had been love at first look .
in this sturdy , comely , removed white farmhouse we will find our old friend , who once in his boyhood journeyed cross - country from ocean to ocean in pursuit of a certain crucial thing , a necessary object , a great talisman , and who , despite horrendous obstacles and fearful perils , succeeded in finding the object of his search and used it wisely and well .
everybody knows that the drivers of pickup trucks listen to only two kinds of music , heavy metal or country , so what 's with this creep ?
it 's only midmorning , but the day is going to be a genuine coulee country scorcher .
he starts up the road , hair flopping ( his days of styled cuts at chez - chez on rodeo drive are long behind him now this is the coulee country , and when he thinks of it at all , he gets his hair cut by old herb roeper down on chase street next to the amvets ) , his gait as loose and lanky as a boy 's .
as they near centralia , beezer passes about twice as many cars as really ought to be traveling down a country highway on a weekend morning .
not for the first time , this journalist was struck , and struck deeply , by the immense contrast between the loveliness and peace of the coulee country 's landscape and the ugliness and savagery one deranged human being has wrought in its unsuspecting bosom .
the guy is middle - aged , somewhere in his fifties , a generation older than jack and dale ; he is too stylish to live in the country , so he 's from madison , maybe , or milwaukee .
a patchwork of quilted farms stretches out over fifteen miles of gentle landscape , not quite flat , threaded with streams and country roads .
i called it faraway , and it was like this world , the coulee country , only brighter and cleaner and more magical .
15 by evening , the temperature has dropped fifteen degrees as a minor cold front pushes through our little patch of the coulee country .
from lucky 's comes the tired , twanging voice of the late dick curless , ole country one - eye , singing about those hainesville woods , where there 's a tombstone every mile .
the same bathrobed patients seem to occupy the many chairs ; in a distant corner , the same doctors discuss a troublesome case or , who knows , that tricky tenth hole at arden country club ; the same golden lilies raise their luxuriant , attentive heads outside the gift shop .
if henry showed him a little coulee country hospitality fisherman - style .
he rises in the twilight , his sweaty bald pate glowing beneath a sweetly lavender sky , a foamy rill of beer rolling up one cocked forearm , his blue eyes twinkling ( you can tell he sees a lot with those eyes , just about everything ) , and ty waits for it , they all wait for it , and here it is , that avatar of summer in the coulee country , that wonderful bray that means everything is okay , terror has been denied , and slippage has been canceled .
doc and lester moon might not recognize that , but both beezer and dale gilbertson are country boys .
dale gilbertson has lived in the coulee country his entire life , and he 's used to greenery .
` ` i do n't know if you boys have taken a close look at the wall on the far side of this charming country lane , '' doc says , ` ` but those large white stones actually appear to be skulls . ''
on this side is the coulee country ; on the other is conger road , the smoking , newly stopped hulk of the big combination , and the din - tah .
jack has no idea why they need such things the day is bright and warm , a coulee country charmer but it seems they do .
i hate these country milk runs . ''
it was twenty miles off the nearest two - lane road , in wooded , unpopulated country .
` ` the country is very pretty around here , '' pynchot said .
she began to walk toward the nearer of the two houses , which stood a little distance in front of a barn as perfect as the picture on a country calendar and facing its mate across the expanse of lawn .
you haff relatives in the old country , yesss ?
you ' ve seen trouble , both here and back in the old country .
i do n't want to go to some country weekly and then have them get wind of it and squash it .
maybe a classic town ' n country type dress .
i listened while i ate breakfast , but then i switched to some country and western music for my dishwashing .
when i was off the phone and teentsy put a plate with country fried steak , potatoes , and green beans in front of me , i suddenly saw the bright side of being a resident manager .
he 'd obviously been out at the country club having a few rounds .
in her black slacks and green sweater and knotted scarf she looked ready to tee off at the country club .
john belonged to the country club .
macon , she told me , was out playing golf at the country club .
it sounds pretty respectable , and if they 're off in the country by themselves ... well , i know , but she has the money , it seems ... .kay , see you in a little while . ''
i was certainly glad we lived out in the country so no one would see this bizarre exercise , which netted me exactly nothing but chills up and down my spine .
i turned a country music station up real loud as i drove to that new southern cultural center , wal - mart .
somehow , country music seemed to fit the low - down strangeness of the past two days .
the farm was far out in the country , they emphasized , and it was so hard for hugh to get around .
satisfied , he pulled off the boots and left them by the door , padding further into the living room unself - consciously , and i began to see this was the protocol in snow country .
but out here in farm country , with the fireplace in the living room that at least also served our bedroom upstairs , we 'd have to do a lot of the fetching and carrying if our electricity went out .
i live in the country at home , but somehow the snow makes this place feel even more isolated , '' i confessed , thinking i sounded pretty whiney and should probably shut my mouth .
their friend rory was here all the time , and between you and me , i think there was something of a menage a trois going on ... strange though that is to think of in ohio farming country ! ''
` ` i heard , '' robin said into my silence , ` ` you have a house out in the country now .
homemade quilts , candles , and all kinds of ` ` country '' stuff formed the bulk of the store 's goods , and crowds were not something i 'd ever seen there .
` ` but this couple wants to live in the country .
i tried instead to focus on the incoming family , with their son who would love living out in the country .
` ` well , i ' m fine , thanks , but we have a family trouble , and if aubrey is handy ... '' ` ` roe , he 's over at the country club , playing golf .
it was an oddly beautiful moment , and one i knew i would never forget - the grieving and faithless man beside me , the country church , the light among the dancing leaves .
when i 'd lived out in the country , i 'd heard every visitor before they 'd gotten to the door , and i 'd had time to look out the window to find out who it was .
the moment i arrived home from school , i would step into bustle and warmth , my mother in the kitchen keeping one eye on the stove , talking on the phone or singing along to country music on the radio .
i turned on all the lights in the house , until the rooms were filled with a warm golden glow ; twisting the old - fashioned dial on the radio until i found the country station again , playing songs i recognized from years ago .
i did n't think of myself as some naive country kid , but oliver had been mixing in circles i had never known .
i 'd grown up around hunting - this was wild country , after all - but i 'd never been this close to the action : fascinated and repulsed in equal measures .
our summer is a whirl of beach days and road trips , driving through the western massachusetts country out to explore quaint college towns and hidden - away bookstores and cafes .
a babble of country russian - punctuated by loud guffaws and scattered curses - greeted him .
31 march 20 , 9:09 a.m. upington , south africa ` ` welcome to wine country , '' christopher announced as the cessna 's tires touched down at the airport of upington , a picturesque town two hundred miles northeast of springbok .
sometimes a car would pass on the nearby country road , but otherwise , the silence remained undisturbed .
jav fifteen at 2:30 p.m. , after a seven - hour drive down from the high country of southwest colorado , kalyn pulled her buick regal beside an overflowing dumpster and turned off the engine .
as morning swung into full gear , they were heading northbound on i-15 , climbing steadily into the high country of southwest montana .
pretty country up here , he thought , looking out at rolling foothills covered with fir trees .
you 'd be hard - pressed to find a more remote piece of country in all of alaska . ''
even on lonely country roads like this , cops patrolled .
bummed around the country , job to job , occasionally ripping someone off .
at midday , they crossed a stretch of open country , the grasses dry and yellowed , littered with achromatic midsummer blooms of columbine , lupine , and indian paintbrush .
that open country they 'd crossed several hours ago lay golden in the late - afternoon sun , and as she pulled up her pants , she saw it .
he thought of home in the south carolina low country , and the memory of it filled him with heartsickness in this frozen desolation .
fog swirling in the depths below , hiding the long , broadening valley , the lake several miles south , the open country beyond .
the rain had let up , and what lay ahead looked familiar - a broad piece of open country surrounded by wooded mountains .
she came into a glade , saw that open country far below , boulders reduced to pebbles in a sea of dead grass .
snow 's melted in the high country , right ? ''
a country ballad blared from the speakers , and as the driver walked unsteadily toward orson , i could tell he was drunk .
when we emerged from the trees , the highway was silent , and a cold fog was descended from the high country .
beside the small brick building , the epitome of homely baptist churches , a half a dozen picnic tables exhibit a smorgasbord of country cooking .
but by october , when the days had begun to shorten and fresh snow overspread the high country , the tourists were gone , the inns and most of the restaurants correspondingly closed , and a hundred people , including me , had lost their day jobs for the long winter .
the voice was raspy and mean , dripping with country twang .
they rode down from the pass out of the high country and back into the forest and then out of it again .
they rode through dark country , no points of houselight anywhere , but the moon bright enough on the pavement for jack to drive the long , open stretches without headlights .
they rode down from the pass and out of the pines into empty , arid country .
she gestured toward the windshield and the expanse of empty country beyond the glass , devoid of even a spore of manmade light .
it snowed off and on through the day , the road leading them back up into high country .
pressed the buttons for coca - cola , sierra mist , orange fanta , country time lemonade , barq 's rootbeer , but the machine stood dormant , empty .
he coasted down the sidewalk through the empty parking lot , turned out onto a country road , and then he was speeding along at thirty - five miles per hour down the winding , faded pavement and the cool , piney air blasting his face .
we 'll find some in the high country for sure . ''
all she 'd used was a black magic marker to suggest a sharpened mountain range , miles of sagebrush , and the road that shot a lonely trajectory through that country .
the voice 's owner looked like the type of boy who would have been more at home in a country club than a diner .
a closer observation told me that country club was about my age .
after all , her father was a supplier of fine teas to the well - to - do households in the west country ; he had money , enough to employ servants at a good - sized house on hawkins lane .
they came from all over , i soon discovered : london , scotland , wales , the west country .
i thought of those i used to encounter in the taverns of the west country , how they considered themselves to be hardened drinkers and brawlers , if only they could have been here to see my ship - mates in action .
ii for the five years after we left london , reginald and i scoured europe , moving from country to country in a travelling caravan of staff and fellow knights who shifted around us , drifting in and out of our lives , we two the only constants as we moved from one country to the next , sometimes picking up the trail of a group of turkish slavers who were believed to be holding jenny , and occasionally acting on information concerning digweed , which braddock would attend to , riding off for months on end but always returning empty - handed .
mr . simpkin had kept us abreast of developments ; reginald had overseen the building operation , even as we moved from country to country in search of digweed and jenny .
mr . simpkin had kept us abreast of developments ; reginald had overseen the building operation , even as we moved from country to country in search of digweed and jenny .
8 july 1755 it has been nearly eight months since ziio told me to wait for her word , but at last it came , and we travelled to the ohio country , where the british were about to begin a major campaign against the french forts .
after an ascent of some five hundred feet , the path ended on a narrow promontory , where a few foundation stones testified to the presence long ago of a lookout tower , where guards would have been able to scan the country around and give the castle advance warning of any approaching army or caravan .
they did not have a long ride , as they expected , and the cardinal stopped at a large country estate whose mansion was set behind fortified walls near the shores of lake bracciano .
some country air will make a change . ''
they passed out of valencia and after several days ' hard riding on their first set of horses - leonardo complaining bitterly - passed into the beautiful mountain country around the tiny hill town of cuenca .
then on again through open country - attacked and almost robbed by a gang of moorish highwaymen who had somehow slipped through the fingers of king ferdinand and survived in the open country for twelve years .
then on again through open country - attacked and almost robbed by a gang of moorish highwaymen who had somehow slipped through the fingers of king ferdinand and survived in the open country for twelve years .
make sure this gets to lorenzo quickly - i ' ve heard he 's leaving for careggi very soon to take some country air , and while the cat 's away ... ' ' i 'll get it there as fast as possible . '
he was dressed in what looked like leather country clothes , but he smelled clean and fresh , and he was cleanshaven .
the sight of their uniforms aroused ezio 's anger , and his first instinct was to kill them , but he had seen enough of death that day , and these were just country boys who 'd stumbled into uniforms for want of anything better .
to counter this , mario had made him joint commander of his castle , and ezio tirelessly sent out his own spies and scouts to range the country in quest of the quarry he implacably sought .
then , at base camp or barracks or , since the war , in motel rooms or driving home along country highways - they came to do their worst .
a few people had mixed drinks , but for the most part , this was budweiser country .
they might face disgrace , they might even do six months in a federal country club and face public castigation , but they 'd breathe .
at exactly nine , waylon started screaming about the woman who 'd done him wrong , and the harsh grate of a country fiddle climbed over my windowsills and rattled china in my brain .
i hung up , and an explosion of country music rocked the apartment through my open kitchen screen .
but none of them could come within a country mile of desiree 's radiance .
always felt like a misplaced country boy in the city .
after over an hour and a departure from the turnpike onto a series of small dark country roads , we ended up in the town of sutton , nestled in the shadows of the purgatory chasm reservation and far closer to both the rhode island and connecticut borders than it was to boston .
none of her apparel looked as if a wrinkle , stain , or wisp of dust had been within a country mile of it .
the bar was bubba 's , a place called live bootleg on the dorchester - southie line , and even though bubba was out of the country - off to northern ireland , the rumor was , to pick up the arms they 'd allegedly laid down over there - my drinks were still on the house .
you can sit on one of the prettiest streets in the country , and if you ' ve been sitting long enough , it begins to look ugly .
` ` we should have gone to the damn country club with it . ''
i came over a rise on the country road i 'd been zipping along , and there they were at the bottom , sitting at a red light in front of a combination grocery store / post office .
it was set back off the road a few yards , a wide sidewalk bordering the houses along that stretch of road in such a way that it felt more small - town than country .
they took the train from columbus on the first of october , crossed eight hundred miles of country where the summer fields had traded their gold for furrows of night frost that melted in the morning and dripped over the dirt like cake icing .
deacon broscious did n't believe in chasing down country niggers for their money after they 'd lost , just could n't see the sense in that .
a small - town country mayor , perhaps , a dispenser of wisdom in the town piazza on summer nights .
some of them in the country , some of them right here downtown .
i was right about you , country -- you got talent . ''
` ` more stories of the old country ? ''
he 'd already had visions of them racing across the country in a stolen car , unencumbered by a past or a future , chasing a red sky and a setting sun all the way to mexico .
asks about my family like he knows we 're no good all the way back to the old country ?
jew country .
` ` in the country . ''
but how many men , as they stepped into the night country of their own final hour and crossed dark fields toward the fog bank of whatever world lay beyond this one , could take one last look over their shoulders and say , i once sabotaged a ten - thousand - ton transport ship ?
` ` you think he 's barnstorming the country asking permission to take us out ? ''
maso and digger were sitting in the back of an auburn sedan in a field just west of union station , where they had a clear view of the redbrick building and its cake - icing white trim and the five tracks that ran from the back of it , gunmetal rails of hot rolled steel that stretched from this small brick building and endlessly flat land to points north and east and west , splaying like veins across the country .
i passed three days in three rambles , and at length discovered the open country .
the whole village was roused ; some fled , some attacked me , until , grievously bruised by stones and many other kinds of missile weapons , i escaped to the open country , and fearfully took refuge in a low hovel , quite bare , and making a wretched appearance after the palaces i had beheld in the village .
` ` one day , when the sun shone on the red leaves that strewed the ground , and diffused cheerfulness , although it denied warmth , safie , agatha , and felix departed on a long country walk , and the old man , at his own desire , was left alone in the cottage .
` ` presently two countrymen passed by ; but , pausing near the cottage , they entered into conversation , using violent gesticulations ; but i did not understand what they said , as they spoke the language of the country , which differed from that of my protectors .
the country in the neighborhood of this village resembled , to a greater degree , the scenery of switzerland ; but everything is on a lower scale , and the green hills want the crown of distant white alps , which always attend on the piny mountains of my native country .
after having landed , they proceeded to search the country , parties going in different directions among the woods and vines .
the fare was , indeed , coarse , such as the peasants of the country ate ; but i will not doubt that it was set there by the spirits that i had invoked to aid me .
not surprising , in the old country .
here in cottage country , night was black velvet , dark and heavy .
` ` cottage country . ''
` ` it 's cottage country , mortimer .
` ` after all , as you say , it 's the last place anyone would expect to find an immortal ... and because it is cottage country , it 's full of mortals who come and go , concentrate on sun and fun , and do n't bother neighboring cottagers . ''
` ` well , i ca n't argue with decker being strange , '' mortimer said with amusement , and then pointed out , ` ` but cottage country is apparently attractive to at least one other immortal too .
` ` maybe cottage country wo n't be so bad , '' bricker whispered , and then tore his gaze away from the women to ask in hushed tones , ` ` sidetracked , were you ? ''
` ` they might stay open later because it 's cottage country , '' alex pointed out .
when the men exchanged a glance at this news , frowns gracing each face , she added , ` ` i mean nightlife in cottage country is vastly different from nightlife in the city .
this is a sunday night in cottage country ? ''
` ` and here i thought cottage country was all about peace and quiet and listening to crickets at night , '' bricker said wryly .
justin had claimed at one point to love city life , enjoying the variety and the nightclubs , while decker had responded that he preferred the peace and quiet of cottage country where he apparently had a second home .
she has n't even tried a practice run or know how to drive , '' she said firmly , and then sighed as she added , ` ` i was going to take her out to the country to teach her this summer . ''
they stood in an old country kitchen with white cupboards and a wide - planked , hardwood floor that was undoubtedly as old as the house itself .
` ` we 're a good ways out in the country .
she felt fine right now , but feared she might not be after an hour or so walking along a dusty country road under a baking sun .
really , mortimer had seemed all right up north in cottage country , but she was beginning to rethink her opinion of him .
nicholas had fled the toronto area , and canada itself , that fateful day fifty years ago and not returned ... at least , not until the start of this summer when he 'd trailed a particularly nasty nest of rogues from the northern states and all the way up into canada and ontario 's cottage country .
` ` if she 's as bad as all that , how do you plan to convince her to hide out on my farm in the country until you catch this guy ? ''
when lucian raised an eyebrow at that , he said wryly , ` ` it 's the country .
` ` besides , i was n't sure how country folk dress .
the light in this room was off , but enough light was streaming in from the hallway that eshe could see it was a country - style kitchen with wide plank wood floors , a brick - faced outer wall , three inner walls painted what appeared in that light to be a sunny yellow , an island in the kitchen side , by the refrigerator , and what appeared to be an old - fashioned wood - burning stove .
it was bloody noisy in the country .
she often heard people comment on how noisy the city was and how blissfully quiet the country was in comparison , but she would have a couple of choice words on the subject in future .
the country definitely was not a quiet place , eshe decided grimly as something banged against the base of the door several times .
she 'd thought sure they 'd have little in common , with his being a country boy while she was a city gal .
she also thought as newlyweds we should have time to ourselves , and she said she wanted to visit the old country . ''
they would n't have hurt susanna , and they were n't even in the country when althea died . ''
` ` she probably suggested lucian send us to that job in cottage country in the hopes that one of us would suit one of the sisters . ''
he also lived on a country estate just outside paris where there were no neighbors to notice his lack of aging .
a bare moment later , the second gate swung open on its own , and he urged their vehicle out onto a dark , country road .
she knew that last summer stephanie had been a happy , healthy mortal with her whole life ahead of her ... until she and her older sister , dani , had been taken from a grocery - store parking lot in cottage country by a group of no - fangers .
they 'd been stranded here in his house in the country , which might be for the best until they sorted out who was behind the attacks .
you are pregnant and i am not delivering lucian argeneau 's baby on the side of a country road because you wanted a burger . ''
the building had been an old farmhouse in the country , probably a good 150 years old , by his guess .
valerie smiled , and then said , ` ` so were you raised in basque country or russia or canada ? ''
he chose women who would n't be missed , picked a country house out in the middle of nowhere , with owners who were old with no kids or friends to check on them . ''
` ` most of my family live on the west coast or out of the country .
she suspected it would mean she 'd find out what it was like to have sex in the backseat of a car on a dark country road on the way home .
which meant , inez thought now , that she 'd been dragged out of her bed at five in the morning to pick up a man who had no importance , and probably did n't have a good reason to be in the country other than to loaf on new shores .
they had discreetly lived apart nearly all of the three decades of their pairing -- he in his darkhaven mansion in the city , she and a handful of security staff here in the country manor a couple of hours away .
the comm device clipped to his black bulletproof vest was crackling with intermittent static and snippets of urgent conversation among the other agents posted at the country house .
` ` there 's been an attack at the country house . ''
i ' m still at the country house . ''
` ` assemble a combat team and send them to my country house as soon as the sun sets .
claire did n't tell him that wilhelm had ordered her to stay at the country house .
being breed , and despite being shot , reichen could have easily walked the entire two - hour distance from roth 's country house to his private office in hamburg .
then again , it was n't even a week after they were blood bonded and mated that wilhelm moved her out to the country while he remained in hamburg .
dragos knew about the destruction of roth 's darkhaven in hamburg and the country house .
destruction called for by wilhelm roth , just as he 'd told her that first night at the country house .
there were certainly many werewolves in the country , and every wooded glen had its fey .
each man wore what appeared to be entirely pedestrian country dress - bowler , jacket , and knickerbockers - but over this , each had also donned what looked like female sleeping attire with a massive red cross embroidered across the front .
to a man , the silent eaters were darkly tan and dressed respectably but not expensively in the kind of tweed - heavy country garb young men about the hunt might favor -knickerbockers , vests , and boots .
` ` beautiful country , as you say , floote , but the locals .
he hurled the preceptor against the driver so that both fel out of the carriage into the country lane below .
the vampire gave a gurgling howl , and the smel of rotten blood fil ed the fresh country air .
he would n't trail me all the way across the country for that .
i ' m in back in the country . ''
as for the people he 'd met ... well , simple ignorant country folk , salt of the earth , obviously , but they 'd just stared at him carefully from a distance , as if they were waiting for something to happen to him and did n't care to be too close to him when it did .
they sat in grey silence for a while , and then nanny ogg said : ' my own granny has an old country sayin ' she always trotted out at times like this ... ' ' which was ... ? '
that 's gnarly country up there . '
' yeah , right ... driving 'em out of the country . '
the lancrastians did n't go digging themselves , reckoning in their uncomplicated country way that it was bad luck to have your head torn off by a vengeful underground spirit .
the town looked quite large , and pretty much like the country towns down on the plains save for a certain amount of gingerbread carving on the eaves .
she 'd heard that fall was a beautiful season in other parts of the country and the world , but around here , it was more or less a half hour between blazing summer and freezing winter .
such were the mundane thoughts that passed through a werewolf 's head as he ran the country lanes toward london .
landed as the earl of upper slaughter but without any real country seat , the dewan was one of the few werewolves in england who could give the earl of woolsey a fight for his fur and had had occasion to prove it .
felicity , who had the palate of a country goat and tucked in without pause to anything laid before her , noticed that alexia was only picking at her food .
they kept london hours , even in the country , and could not be expected to appear until midmorning .
lady maccon decided she was in the country and could relax her standards slightly , so did not change into a walking dress , instead simply slipping on practical shoes .
a couch that looked as if you could live in it was opposite an antique , claw - footed coffee table , scattered with oversized books filled with glossy looking pages featuring ranches around the country .
` ` we have a couple of other ranches across the country .
his eyes were softly glowing in the darkness of the parking area , in the cleanness of the non - light polluted country air , but i did n't feel the pull that i had felt the last time we were here .
there 's some really great country over there , once you get away from the city . ''
true , teren and i had helped out on the ranch , and i 'd fallen asleep from exhaustion more than once during our stay there , but there was something different about being outside in the fresh country air , helping to wrangle cattle with an assortment of super speedy , unnaturally strong vampires , than being in a small , fluorescently lit office space with paperwork up to your eyebrows .
` ` not a country girl . ''
this group tried to avoid attracting attention , and jack moved with his ` ` new '' bride to one of several similar ranches they had around the country .
not leaving anyone with a clear idea of when she ' be back , it would seem that miss davids had set across the country to discover herself .
we would have a lifetime ahead of us of running ranches around the country .
when i regained my vision i could see my school , the country club , and the vacant sinclair mill off in the distance .
` ` i was told they 're renting out the country club on friday nights , '' her friend gushed .
in her parents ' country estate , such an important task would never have been entrusted to a mechanical , but here steam - powered staff far outnumbered human .
sidheag resurfaced , triumphant , with a pair of tweed jodhpurs , of the type country squires use for hunting , and a wrinkled man 's shirt .
now that many dullsvillians belonged to dullsville 's new country club or the y , the rec center had deteriorated .
she walked by the side of the empty road , which was about as winding and hilly as every other country road in south - western pennsylvania , and viciously kicked offending clumps of snow out of her way .
it was quite ordinary in shape and structure - a country girl sort of face - but the eyes were unusually vivid and intense .
deliberately , he flew above the lakes and treetops , giving her a bird's - eye view of the beauty of the country .
once he found the country and the city she had settled in , the vampire would go to the places where sara , would eventually go .
if darius had been the only one she had to deal with , maybe she could have done so successfully - at least long enough to get her across country .
we settled in brazil , on the edge of the forest , but we travel from country to country to insure the safety of the inhabitants .
we settled in brazil , on the edge of the forest , but we travel from country to country to insure the safety of the inhabitants .
it was annoying to act like the proverbial country bumpkin any time he was close to her .
` ` our grounds are extensive , the wildest country around , and little vincente and margurite play all the time in the maze .
random events and subjects documenting what seemed to be a decade of time : a formal reception inside a posh country club .
you really could see more from these isolated country towns .
really , actu ally that light , and so what if it was a cliche as the commercial ended and a country western song began , she did a twirl and saw him .
` ` hey , i hate country western , too , '' mark said aftera minute , shrugging .
` ` rules about country western music ? ''
without taking his eyes from quinn 's he whipped a pink - and - green country quilt off the bundle on the couch .
every now and then , he 'd go to his country house for a while .
in our small country neighborhood , he had the name of being a great womanizer .
thomas liked being in the country .
he 'd lived in the country all his life and he knew the tracks had n't been made by a four - legged animal , but by something that walked upright .
but the old homestead had generated nary a nibble , and lukas had started driving out to the country on weekends to try to spruce up the place .
geologists , speculators and wildcatters poured in from every corner of the country and wooden derricks rose overnight to mar the scenic vistas .
but i ' m headed out to the country .
the isolation of the country road seemed strange and surreal , like she 'd wandered off into a dreamworld .
a few years ago her future , which should have included a country club marriage in the next parish and a big inheritance from her daddy , had been derailed from its path when she 'd served time for manslaughter .
if he 'd offered me country - fried steak and fried green tomatoes , i would ' ve said i was n't hungry .
some days i realized it was all to the good that i lived out in the country .
she asked in a nasal voice with a very ` ` country '' accent .
lost her house in the country , the land , stocks , everything .
by the time we had gotten out from under the shadow of buildings , through the burbs , and into the country , francis put two and two together .
when we hit deep country , he was scratching so much it seemed a struggle to keep the car on the road .
keeps half a dozen country hospitals running alone with his donations . ''
like i could n't fly cross country without bringing the plane down .
smiling at the idea , mira drew in and savored a couple of long breaths of the crisp country air .
` ` if they were running from trouble , they would n't have gotten into the country . ''
mrs . barnaclegoose was a large woman of progressive inclinations - which is to say she supported vampire and werewolf social reform , played a good deal of whist , kept a ghost in her country cottage , and even wore the occasional french gown .
i know you 're from the country , but surely your family can not be so backward as that ! ''
sophronia thought she detected a certain burr that suggested the north country , or possibly the west end .
sophronia , country girl , for all she was gentry , found the very idea of london hours shocking in the extreme .
` ` you 'll get used to the london hours eventually , country girl , '' preshea added .
` ` ugh , sophronia , you 're so very country , '' she said .
i ' m quite certain none of them would dignify our paltry little country ball .
mrs . temminnick was occupied with preparing petunia for a london season , her little country ball having garnered enough attention to warrant a mention in the morning post .
that 's right , i ' m talking about academy award winner and former miss america charlene costa 's surprise wedding to country music heart- throb manny shucker .
the last two books slid into place , and i straightened , wiping my hands on my jeans while i looked at them sitting oh so nicely between the country farm 's cookie cookbook i 'd swiped from my mom and the copy of real witches eat quiche i had gotten from the i.s .
he said to jenks , every drop of casual country boy gone .
i was a country boy .
the back roads outside of the hollows did n't get much attention as the cities grew larger and the country grew wilder .
she 'd been trying to make it home to our pack , but her car had broken down on the outskirts of a small country town .
those who strayed too far from the mr . and mrs . cleaver veneer were encouraged in a rather unique neighborhood intervention party to blend in a little more ... or move out to the country where they could n't do as much damage .
the two had mended their fences over a conversation about country western singers and a night out at a karaoke bar .
they were outside of london proper , following one of the many country lanes toward barking that would eventually branch off to woolsey castle .
bit of country air ?
he held state as the earl of upper slaughter but no longer boasted the country seat to accompany the title .
since lord and lady maccon had set forth to their country seat with no warning , their unanticipated arrival at woolsey threw the residents into a tizzy .
we 're somewhere out in the country , jez thought .
they turned , still in reverse , onto a smaller country road .
the place reminded him of a country cottage , complete with straw beds , wood - burning stove , and fresh , home - cooked scents .
i stared out the window , watching the office buildings and restaurants give way to residential streets , then country , and finally began to wonder where we were headed .
` ` our mom was headed back to her pack when her car broke down near a small country town .
after a few blocks we stopped in front of dullsville 's country club .
if his sweaty , slightly anxious scent did n't announce him , the country music blaring out of his open window surely would .
though in v.c . , it 's still country .
` ` country girl . ''
big ranches , beautiful country , strong families , a really close and supportive community .
and i think he prefers the country now that he has to shift every month . ''
1671 , springtime , the old country darius materialized in a stretch of thick forest , taking form beside the entrance of a cave .
he was just out in farm country , driving along , thinking about the time .
back in caldwell 's farm country , xhex finally got a shot to have inside the house when the police left at five in the afternoon .
next to him , a vampire tohr had n't see for aeons was nothing like the guy he 'd once met in the old country .
the latter , however , was nothing she could politely refuse ... . tohrment had been as young as she when they had spent all those months together in that fortified cabin in the old country , taking refuge against the cold of the winter , the wet of the spring , the heat of the summer , and the drafts of the autumn .
although we have long tallied in the old country , the dire events of the previous few years in this jurisdiction have made it impossible for us to remain , in all good conscience , where we have previously established our domicile .
these current recruits were nothing like the ones in the old country back in the heyday of the war there ; fresh from their inductions , these had n't even paled out , and they did n't seem to be well organized or capable of working together during an engagement .
` ` i used to watch you sleep - back in the old country .
over to the east , in the thick of caldwell 's farm country , zypher sat in silence upon his top bunk .
then perhaps he would put down some roots somewhere else in america - there would be no returning to the old country .
xcor 's ability to kill was well - known - not by blay personally , but he 'd heard the stories from the old country .
anyway , you know , i saw these in a magazine at darius 's - in a town and country .
when he said not another thing , the quiet was about as companionable as the old country inquests had been .
` ` my mother was a simple country girl .
out in the country there 's lads who 'd join up for an uninhabited pair of breeches .
they could n't retreat , and the alliance , if that 's what you could call the petulant hubbub , did n't dare head up the valley into the heart of the country with that army at their back , yet did n't have enough men to hold the keep and corral the enemy .
spring was pouring through the country .
they were country lads in ragged , ill - fitting clothes , keeping away from her and staring intently at the deck .
way out in the country , in the moonlight .
they existed in the old country , too .
they were in the old country , and now they 're here , '' father said , screwing up his florid face .
demons , if they existed at all , belonged in the old country , amid the decrepit churches and castles father had grown up with .
i asked , feeling as provincial as any of the country bumpkins who lived in the shanty town on the other side of mystic falls , the ones who pronounced the word creek like crick and who already had four or five children by the time they were our age .
and in asia minor greek ideas and styles found not mere country towns or farmers , but ancient cultures , like the empire of syria , willing to receive the new ideas , the grace and beauty of the greek enlightenment , and willing to bring in tune with it their own centuries - old literature , religion , styles of life and dress .
you have to go out in the country to find some poor farmer who does not understand greek .
once it was a country house outside the walls .
they 'd gone to lunch at a little inn out in the country .
nandiuml ; x said , ` ` regin bragged to the entire coven that you two had him trapped in a river canyon in logging country with an eighteen - wheeler full of trees parked on the rise above him .
` ` i live in bayou country , werewolf . ''
she 'd been trying to cut it out since she learned he was going to the prom with ariel- '' i named my new breasts after my family 's country houses , does your family have any country houses , miranda ?
she 'd been trying to cut it out since she learned he was going to the prom with ariel- '' i named my new breasts after my family 's country houses , does your family have any country houses , miranda ?
` ` we could go to my father 's country club .
` ` i thought it would be fancy - like meeting them at the country club .
let me have some time alone before you start generated by abc amber lit converter , parading them through the country club functions . ''
` ` our country club is having an auction next month , '' my mom chimed in .
` ` now , the key spots for tonight are the square and dullsville 's country club , '' i told them .
assorted dripping ice creams in tow , becky drove us to dullsville 's country club , which was a snobby members - only club sprawled out over several acres .
` ` you think you can get into the country club looking like that ?
a tall man in a green country club suit asked .
my parents were more than happy and quite surprised that i was trading in an evening at the cemetery for one spent at the country club .
the country club 's parking lot was as huge as a theme park 's and seemed miles away from the club .
it was a landscape of the country club itself.by alexander .
the highest bidder was the president of the country club .
i was not only flabbergasted because alexander 's artwork sold for so much money but because my ghostly gothic vampire boyfriend 's work was going to hang in dullsville 's conservative country club .
dr . franklin was tall , lean , and graying , with the air of a country doctor .
and since i was raised in the old country , czechoslovakia , i was aware of all the old vampire tales .
kade recalled the extended darkness of the north country .
a low , hissing heat and a sentimental old country song drifted from the dashboard of zach 's stateissued blazer as alex glanced at the side mirror , watching the parking lot at pete 's fade into the darkness behind her .
` ` the way i see it , if it will keep one more gun from being aimed at the area wolf packs , then i ' m more than happy to pert kade with an in - country day trip . ''
in light of the evidence he 'd found at the cabin , what might have been a simple , sideline mission to rout out a probable rogue problem in the frozen north country was now a quest to locate a killer in his own family .
she looked like a country shepherdess stepped out of a renaissance painting .
` ` it could be boodles , '' giggled miss dair , clearly thinking how embarrassing the duchess would find country squires hanging about all day and night .
the fact that her new neighbors , nice young couple or no , hailed from duddage and were involved in trade sent her into a fit of hysteria so pervasive her husband removed her instantly to the country ducal estates in berkshire for the sake of everyone 's health .
' bewitching men 's corn , killing cattle , bringing hunger into the country , and strangling babies at night with her long hair . '
it sure as hell was n't a country club .
` ` they keep tabs on various strigoi in the country and then try to hunt them down . ''
` ` go a little ways past that , and there 's this country highway that the guardians used as a staging point .
out on this country highway , however , it seemed unlikely there were any cops .
for all she knew they could be out in the country or smack - dab in the city .
but even as i busied myself with changing david 's radio from country to something a little more radical , a part of me worried it might not be .
just like the country song ? ''
the whole world was still and beautiful and cold as they walked through the oak trees to the narrow country road .
he told her of his father , that solid renaissance man , and of his world in florence and at their country estate .
he wandered across the country with them , fighting and drinking the blood of his victims .
i knew that both from living in plantation country and from the monster senses that constantly gave me a thousand different pieces of information about the world around me .
` ` what 's your idea , country boy ?
the country kept changing as they drove .
you 're hitchhiking across the country or something - are n't you ? ''
i ' m so tired of private riding clubs and country clubs and key clubs and the assistance league . ''
i do hate private school , and riding clubs , and country clubs .
in a country inn in england daniel woke to the sound of armand 's voice warning him to leave the building at once .
i could see myself traveling through the air , like the heroes of old , over the sprawling country where their campfires flickered .
he was staring right into the face of dr . alpert , fel 's church 's own country doctor .
shinichi took another step and a charming country cabin came into view , with a gravel path leading up between wild creepers that loaded the porch and hung down like pendants .
like dr . alpert - she 's logical - she 's the best country doctor there is - and she might even convince somebody that shinichi and the malach are real .
` ` but why would damon take us all the way across the country , just to get in through a demon gate that 's run by fox spirits ? ''
she put down her black bag - still a country doctor , even when the town was in crisis - and addressed her son .
then , as if he 'd had a pleasant stroll in the country , saber sat and looked at sage in the face , laughing - panting .
city squirrels tasted different than country squirrels , and this one had watery , bitter - tasting blood .
and vampire or not , i 'd been acting like a country bumpkin by toting the oversized sheet along with me , as if this were one of the church socials that damon and i used to attend as boys .
by the time i 'd returned , the conversation had drifted to lighter fare : the unusual y hot summer , the fact that no one seemed inclined to go to their country homes for the weekend anymore , and the recent establishment of secret parties down at the canary wharf docks .
even a touch of country air was doing wonders for violet .
` ` i never saw ... '' i heard the conductor agree , before the whistle blew and the train whirred away , heading deeper into the country .
` ` we met in london and i invited you to the country for a few days .
and i was worried you 'd be so caught up by the city that you 'd never come back to the country .
a good meal , some country air , and you'l be good as new , '' gertrude said in her loving , maternal way .
` ` just the brisk country air , '' gertrude repeated , an edge to her voice .
` ` so this is your country estate , stefan , '' samuel said , unwinding his bow tie and draping it over the back of a chair and sitting down as if he were paying a simple social cal .
i caught those memories again of the french winter of my last year at home , of the young mortal country lord with a bed of hay , and only the dogs for companions .
poor sad mortal to be driving through the country at this hour .
it was country upriver ; there were plantations still , and the roads were narrow and hard to travel , being paved only with dredged shells .
but much of uptown with its small clapboard cottages , as well as big houses , still retains for me the aspect of the country , what with the enormous oaks and magnolias sprouting up everywhere to tower over the little roofs , and so many streets without sidewalks , along which the gutters are no more than ditches , full of wildflowers flourishing in spite of the winter cold .
well , in the old days , i 'd never worried about that , had i but then i 'd been a filthy country lord who bathed in summer , or when he took it in his head to plunge into a mountain spring .
oh , you would think it barbaric beyond description if you were spirited there now , but to a country lord from a filthy castle , it was so exciting , what with the theatres , and the opera , and the balls at court .
vimes had no rolling acres , only aching feet , but as the inheritor of the ramkin wealth he was , he '' d learned , also the owner of crundells , a huge stately home out in the country .
` ` may i suggest that once we are through quirm we head straight across the grass country ? ''
the corn belt was giving way to cattle country when willikins said : ` ` you know , sir , this thing steers itself .
life in the country clearly agreed with her .
the woolsey station , a new stopover , was built at considerable expense by the newly relocated woolsey hive with an eye toward encouraging londoners to engage in country jaunts .
except , of course , that he is back here , in the country .
he caught a whiff of open fields and country air , although not of the kind he might be familiar with from his own pack .
her mind took her back to france in 1572 , a mad time in the country .
` ` mr . collins moved to nashville to play country music .
i wish our house could lie on the railroad tracks , on wheels , and carry us out of town , but we 're on the right side near the country club .
as we drove along the desolate country road that twisted around benson hill , the headlights shone against the creepy trees .
most people got their exercise at the gym , not on spooky country roads in the dead of night .
no seventeen - year - old guy in this town , state , or country invited girls over like this .
they have n't even tried to join the country club yet .
dullsville 's country club was just as i remembered it from all those years ago -- snobby and boring .
` ` i hate to leave you again , '' my mom said , ` ` but they are honoring your father at the country club .
we left behind the twisty road of benson hill and headed past dullsville high , through downtown , and finally over the railroad tracks into what the country clubsters called the ` ` wrong '' side of town .
i stirred cream and a pound of sugar into a java - filled dullsville country club mug and poured myself a small bowl of count chocula .
alexander sterling was king of planning the most mysterious , meaningful , marvelous dates -- a picnic at the dullsville cemetery ; a goth rock dance at dullsville 's country club golf course ; picking out my kitty , nightmare , at an abandoned barn .
annoyed by this mandatory detour through cow country , what infuriated him the most by far was the recent malfunction of his best , most effective instrument .
now the order had the addresses for the darkhaven leader 's montreal residence , his country house , as well as data on all his other property holdings , both business and personal .
i smell the flowering green of the steep undiscovered country round where the irises of tuscany still break out in violent red or white in sunny beds , to be found by me in the silky night .
our church was the designated church for all the country round , so that those few who lived in less protected little hamlets down the mountain - and there were plenty - came to us for their baptisms , and marriages , and such , and we had for long periods of time within our walls a dominican priest who said mass for us every morning .
if there was any shadow on my life , it was that at sixteen i was old enough to go to a real university , and i knew it , and i sort of wanted to do it , but then again , i was raising new hawks , training them myself and hunting with them , and the country round was irresistible .
my mother was spirited and beautiful , with brown hair and very green eyes , and she adored country life , but she 'd never known florence except from the inside of a convent .
we had country fun and country freedom , running in the woods , picking blackberries , sitting at the feet of gypsy storytellers before they got caught and sent away .
we had country fun and country freedom , running in the woods , picking blackberries , sitting at the feet of gypsy storytellers before they got caught and sent away .
i can not see my father old , or imagine myself struggling as an elderly man , or envision my sister married , as i hoped , to a city aristocrat rather than a country baron .
i need more than country priests to fight this .
so i had time to climb the highest tower and look at the country round .
it was mountain country , but i had heard of a fair - sized town not too far away .
but not before they let slip in talk of the country round that the nearest florentine town was santa maddalana , which was two hours up ahead , and that it would close its gates at night , and nobody could talk his way into it .
this was no side - street magic , father , no country bunch of curses .
i was doing the old signore trick of treating a country priest like he was a servant .
the very old man chimed in that there had been a whole family down with the plague out in the country not very long ago , but they had been taken to lucca .
i moved downhill , walking faster and faster , and went out the wide - open gates and into the open country .
the open country sank into a deep dark tinge of blue beneath the pearly heavens , and i could see the forests encroaching on the tilled land , creeping higher here and there , as the hills folded over one another or sank steeply into valleys of pure blackness .
my lord , you have lived too long in your country forest .
unkempt , country lord hair .
i knew that things human would lose all love of this place , as they had lost their love of so many ruins in the country round .
but i dared not rouse the night around me , the infinite night that moved out over the thousands of slanted red - tile rooftops , out over the hills and the country , out under the numberless stars .
angus macrieve had come upon her at a snowy crossroads in the old country .
i turned on the radio , smiling because it was already on the country station .
eleven the bread comes out great , even though we make enough to feed a small country .
aunt marge drove rose to a private school called the country lane academy .
she 'd gone from the country lane academy to the willmont school some fifty miles farther away , and there she was really getting into the most fascinating subjects .
there just were n't so many of us , and me and my friends , we roamed the country towns in peace .
the next night after they 'd hunted the country roads , he told killer of his loneliness over the centuries , of how he 'd grown to love mortals the way lestat had once loved him , and how he 'd pulled away from them finally , always afraid that he could n't make another , as lestat had made him .
a motor scooter firing up somewhere far off and then belching as it went away into the country , and the low hum of conversations blossoming behind closed doors .
not so much as a car moving on a country road .
even the great country surrounding the city was silent .
and as our boldness grew , we penetrated the crude castles and fortresses of country lords and even the streets of paris in our lust to see and to learn .
it was a very large room , this , with glass walls open to the flat country and the mountains beyond , one of many rooms in this great sprawling three - story medical compound which fareed and seth had built in the california desert .
the sensible thing would probably be to leave , disappear into the country .
beer and dairy farm country , smelling of hot asphalt , manure , and crabapple trees .
from the outside , not even visible from any highway , it did n't look like anything much - just another distressed barn in a part of the country full of them .
not in the city , mind you , out in the wine country .
` ` he says it 's because having a gottfried house here will increase the profile of the place , but i think he 's trying to persuade shelia to let him buy up some of the acreage around the lake so he can put in a country club .
grandpa had a sense of humor about it : ` ` ven ve move from de old country , i tink , ' here , dey like tings dat go bump in de night , so ve vill giff dem bumps in de night ! ' ''
not just sitting in some fancy - schmancy house in the middle of wine country while i ' m still not legal to drink . ''
so instead of taking the quick way home - which led down a winding country road - she decided to go the long way on garrett boulevard .
a guy ca n't fly across country to see his favorite aunt ? ''
` ` but '' -tia 's voice cracked- '' you put me in charge of planning the midnight golf scramble and i know we 're having it at the country club , but we never did decide if the men were going to take golf carts .
once there , i set the glass down on a coaster on the glass coffee table , like a good girl , and , as i reached for the remote with every intention of wasting my night away in front of the tv , watching everything from nerds to half men to country singing contests , i saw something very strange lying by the remote .
apparently , this was twilight country .
i had said i would see the deserted village , so on i went , and presently came on a wide stretch of open country , shut in by hills all around .
i thought of the miles and miles of bleak country i had passed , and then hurried on to seek the shelter of the wood in front .
one of these was his present companion , baron von herling , the chief secretary of the legation , whose huge 100 - horse - power benz car was blocking the country lane as it waited to waft its owner back to london .
i was invited to a weekend gathering at the country house of a cabinet minister .
and all the time this quiet country house of yours is the centre of half the mischief in england , and the sporting squire the most astute secret - service man in europe .
not such a bad show for the hard - drinking , hard - riding country squire .
only one window showed a light behind them ; in it there stood a lamp , and beside it , seated at a table , was a dear old ruddy - faced woman in a country cap .
it went beyond language and country and borders .
she closed her eyes , and for a moment imagined a youthful summer day at her country estate along the drava river in her rural hungary , sitting in the garden , watching her younger brother , istvan , play , chasing butterflies with his tiny net .
jordan feared the beast could easily outrun them on these country roads .
` ` i know you , '' bethany 's mother said in a tone that would have been more appropriate if we 'd run into each other at some kind of country club soiree .
chapter twenty - four at four o'clock the next afternoon , i found myself in the elegant confines of five oaks , the snobbiest , most exclusive , and most highfalutin country club in ashland .
haley and alexis , along with five hundred other invited guests , were due to attend an afternoon fund- raiser for a battered - women 's shelter that was being held at the country club .
the country club 's rune - an acorn - was stitched in gold thread in the center of each tablecloth .
after we 'd entered the country club , we 'd split up .
as for the giant , it would take him hours to search the country club , if he even bothered .
it was a straight shot from the ballroom to the front entrance of the country club , but i did n't see alexis james , stephenson , or finn in the hallway .
since we did n't want to run the risk of handing a stolen car to a valet , finn had decided against boosting another car and had instead driven his own benz to the country club - and he still had the keys .
neither one of us said a word as i hit the gas and the car roared away from the country club .
that would explain why haley had scurried out of the country club before her sister .
they were still in the limo , getting farther and farther away from the country club with every second .
alexis is sure to have stephenson with her and probably those two goons from the country club .
the same three men who 'd gotten into the limo at the country club .
the same car i 'd stolen from the country club earlier this evening .
` ` because people saw stephenson drag you out of the country club .
a small check deposited every two weeks into her checking account from some business called country daze .
` ` warren 's store , is it called country daze ? ''
my grandfather , warren fox , owns a store up on ridgeline hollow road called country daze .
it 's an old - timey country store with glass soda pop bottles , barrels full of penny candy , locally made goods , that kind of thing .
i thought about stringing him along , pretending to be the weak , country bumpkin he so obviously thought i was .
tobias dawson asked in a voice that was pure twangy country .
` ` and what would i do with a store up here in coal country ?
finn retrieved his laptop from his suv and set it up on the counter inside country daze .
so i perused the coolers in the front of the country store .
through the bare limbs , i spotted the creek warren fox had mentioned , the one that curved around the back of his house and flowed past country daze .
the air was even cooler up here than it had been at country daze , and it had started to drizzle again .
it was the same two men dawson had brought to the country daze store earlier this afternoon .
it was after ten by the time we returned to country daze .
` ` warren t. fox 's country store . ''
he drives that big suv we saw at country daze .
the five oaks country club , maybe ? ''
the way tobias dawson had spit tobacco juice on the floorboards of the country store .
i recognized them as two of dawson 's men , the two that had come with him to country daze to brace warren and violet fox .
i must have blacked out because the next thing i knew i was lying on top of the square counter in the front of the country daze store .
the small creek that ran by the foxes 's house and country store had turned into a large pond .
i was sitting on the front porch of country daze in some of violet fox 's borrowed clothes when he pulled up in his cadillac escalade .
the time we spent together at the country club .
the old , clapboard station reminded me of warren t. fox 's store , country daze , which was n't too far from here .
despite his gangbanger clothes , jenkins 's voice rasped with a twang that was pure country .
mab and a couple hundred of her fawning sycophants are going to be at the ballroom at the five oaks country club , celebrating the season with a winter costume ball .
the country club will be crawling with mab 's giants and probably some of the bounty hunters too .
but the country club ?
i ' m going with you to the country club , and i ' m watching your back whether you like it or not . ''
provided , of course , that i managed to slip through the swarm of giants sure to be at the country club .
thirty minutes later , owen steered his bmw up the driveway that led to the five oaks country club , where the masquerade ball was being held .
five oaks was the snobbiest , most expensive , and highfalutin country club in ashland , and only the insanely wealthy and powerful were allowed to be members .
after we made note of where he put it , owen and i strolled inside the country club arm in arm .
five massive , circular buildings comprised the five oaks country club , including the ballroom before us , which covered several thousand feet and towered four stories into the air .
normally , round tables covered with pale peach linens would have filled the ballroom , each one with the country club 's rune - an acorn - stitched in gold thread in the center of the tablecloths and napkins .
the smashing roar momentarily drowned out the startled shouts and screams of those who 'd been inside the country club .
by this point , more people filled the parking lot , taking refuge from the flames that had skipped from one roof to another of the country club 's buildings .
a few sparks flashed into the night air where the iron scraped against the sides of the car , but i did n't care because we were out of the country club and safe - at least for the moment .
owen asked , driving away from the country club as fast as he dared on the slick , snowy road .
maybe , if mab had put out the call to her minions immediately after our fight at the country club .
grimes and the rest of his clan of miscreants lived way up in the mountains , even farther up than warren 's store , country daze .
sweet raspberry pancakes , blackberry biscuits , lots of scrambled eggs , piles of sizzling bacon and country - fried ham , creamy peach smoothies .
i had n't been able to stop her elemental fire from burning through my stone magic at the country club .
i tensed , ready to reach for my ice and stone magic , expecting her to throw a ball of elemental fire at me just like she had in the country club .
despite everything i knew about mab , despite all the long hours that i 'd studied her , despite what i 'd seen her do to my mother and older sister , despite the damage she 'd inflicted on me at the country club last night , none of that prepared me for the raw elemental force of her fire .
she had poured her ice magic into the silverstone last night before i 'd gone to the country club to confront mab .
his voice had a slow , seductive southern drawl to it , the sort that would make a woman melt on a hot , steamy night , although i could hear a faint twang in his words , as though he 'd been raised more poor country than his slick city suit let on .
i drove past warren fox 's store , country daze , and slowed down so i could take a good long look out the window as we passed .
i also fried up some salty country ham , using the grease and drippings that were left in the pan , along with some evaporated milk and a generous dash of black pepper , to make my gravy .
her voice was pure country twang , although the hard , knowing smile on her face told me that she was much smarter than the aw - shucks demeanor she radiated .
this door was made of wood instead of metal , and i could hear music playing , some twangy country song about a woman getting revenge on a man who done her wrong .
the offending singer was another giant , one who was tossing her long black hair from side to side as she rocked back and forth in her chair to the music like she was some kind of country diva .
i hit another button , and the sound of the giant 's country drawl flooded the security center .
he seemed more shocked and frozen than a possum caught by a pair of headlights on a dark country road .
our route took us by country daze , an old - timey store owned by a friend of fletcher 's .
jo - jo stumbling into country daze , warren sitting down with her , jo - jo sobbing out her story , warren realizing that she had a problem that only his former friend could solve - the right tires hit a rumble strip on the side of the road , jolting me out of my musings .
all of those photos looked as though they 'd been taken at a distance and featured a very young sophia in various spots : on the lawn at jo - jo 's house , on the front porch of country daze , sitting in a library , reading a book .
` ` hazel and i were out getting supplies at this little country store down the mountain a ways .
country daze - he had to be talking about country daze , warren 's store .
country daze - he had to be talking about country daze , warren 's store .
` ` i was waiting for you to finish in the shower so i could tell you that i ' m heading over to country daze with warren and eva .
i figured that we could all use some comfort food , so i whipped up a succulent supper of country - fried ham , sharp cheddar mac and cheese , a crunchy summer salad of cucumbers and tomatoes , and mashed potatoes made with buttermilk , piled high with sour cream , and sprinkled generously with dill .
owen returned too , saying that warren , violet , and eva were all safe at country daze .
if i had n't known that it was the body of a man , i would have thought him no more than a pile of roadkill , bloated , bloody , and rotting on the side of some country road .
now here i was , smack dab in the middle of a crowd of women wearing expensive evening gowns and men sporting designer suits that cost just as much , although all of their finery seemed a bit at odds with the country cowboy collection adorning the walls- ` ` hey , sweetheart , you going to stand there and gawk , or you going to offer me something to drink ? ''
while the pancakes cooked , i also crisped up some bacon , put on a pot of chicory coffee , and made fruit smoothies with fresh - squeezed orange juice , vanilla yogurt , and a drizzle of sourwood honey that jo - jo had bought at some store called country daze , according to the label .
bacon , scrambled eggs , biscuits with sausage gravy , country - fried ham , stacks of toast with different kinds of fruit preserves .
an older male voice tinted with country accent .
every time i swung this way , i hit wet wind off the ocean flying through low country .
the only thing i had was a big bowl of cold low country boil .
` ` ever had a low country boil ? ''
` ` or if you wish to appear country .
probably with a touch of country so it felt more like home and less like spartan barracks .
if she escaped , crossing across rugged country with a six - year - old would be very difficult .
he could n't understand why he could n't drop thirty grand on a membership at a country club .
when jonathan died , he spent all his time at a country club .
the owl had followed me for weeks- all the way from los angeles to san francisco and then across the country to new york .
` ` none of the vamps in new orleans have heard of her , but when i tried some friends in the old country '' -the old country in georgia 's case was france- '' i got a couple of hits .
` ` none of the vamps in new orleans have heard of her , but when i tried some friends in the old country '' -the old country in georgia 's case was france- '' i got a couple of hits .
` ` like i said , fresh country air . ''
` ` eventually a noble family bought the land and turned it into a country estate .
a deep voice tinted with georgia 's brand of country answered .
it 's a thousand miles of mountains and terrible roads , but in country terms , ancient assyria and ancient colchis were practically neighbors . ''
my roots came from the country , not from concrete or asphalt jungles , and up here , there were no ghosts chasing us , literally or metaphorically .
the stars really were much brighter out in the country as compared to the city .
i do n't know why country singers feel the need to set depression to a melody . ''
it had been a pleasant drive through the country , very relaxing - until suddenly bones cocked his head to the side as if concentrating , and then stomped on the gas pedal .
we were nearly out of the country roads and would soon be on the freeway .
just a nice country girl from a small town , huh ?
violet 's grandfather , warren t. fox , was running his store , country daze , up in the mountains above the city .
eva , violet , and catalina had wanted to help as well , but we 'd voted them down , and the girls were up at country daze , with warren and cooper watching over them .
i watched as the scenery blurred by , all of it country , as our speed increased to over a hundred miles per hour , meaning we arrived at our destination fairly quickly .
he started swaying like he was hearing a song we could n't hear , the country music we could hear in the distance not the beat he was moving to .
i more imagined him at a country club , sitting by a fire and sipping tea while pearl snuck outside to steal a golf cart and raced it across the course , doing donuts and tearing up the green , as ezra , jack , and i cheered her on from the eighteenth hole .
they are what humans would refer to as living ' out in the country ' by choice .
` ` in the old country , wolves built their own hierarchy on extended journeys .
tallulah talbot , the undisputed supernatural heavy in this city , possibly in the country , stood with her hands on her hips , looking very put out .
he had no proof that dimitri falco was in the area , or even in the country , but there was obviously a vampire hunting in the area and some deep , preternatural instinct told him that it was either falco or another like him .
vicki knew there were wolves out in the country near hellfire hollow , but she had never heard of one coming into town .
when it was her turn , she ordered a cheeseburger with grilled onions , country fries , and a cherry coke .
he spent the night at a country inn .
the furniture was country oak .
several couples were dancing to an old country song .
the house , once a rather insipid shade of beige , was now a cheerful country blue with bright white trim and a red door .
of course , over the years , santiago had heard rumors that there was a cure for vampirism , too , only that cure was supposedly obtained from a witch somewhere in the hill country of tuscany .
` ` eventually , i grew weary of wandering and i settled in the hill country of romania .
i can lock you in my lair , or we can drive out to the country and you can run under the moon .
she did n't know if he had left the city or left the country .
` ` i 'll see if i can find us a table , '' she said , thinking that what she really needed to find was another friend , someone who liked country music and old movies .
at least she was still in the country .
` ` pretty country , '' he remarked , glancing around .
rhys would be able to home in on alex 's blood whether alex was across the street or across the country .
to be able to think yourself across the street or across the country ?
josette had been a young widow and a woman of means , with an estate in the country and a small townhouse in london .
megan had worked at shore 's for just over a year , and , in that time , she had become a favorite of several of mr . parker 's clients , including a well - known hollywood producer , an oscar - winning actor , and a famous country singer , all of whom had become regulars and insisted that she cater to their needs .
megan thought she looked more like a country girl than a former blood thief turned vampire .
the roast , country potatoes , green beans , and bread looked good , smelled wonderful , and tasted even better , but when she offered drake a bite of roast dipped in gravy , he refused .
maybe a country scene , with baby animals frolicking in a green pasture , or perhaps scenes depicting the disney princesses .
` ` if you want to zip across the country , i 'll take you .
give up the shinies and other treasures today , or be sent to terra indigene settlements in the wild country , where the pickings would be slim .
many generations ago , we fled into the wild country to make our own bargains with the terra indigene and build our own communities .
he should go to the wild country for a couple of weeks this summer .
but he already knew he would n't go to the wild country .
not that different from other human towns and cities - except courtyards were surrounded by a city and the humans who lived there , whereas small human settlements were surrounded by the wild country and the terra indigene who lived there .
and the others in the wild country did n't forget that humans were n't terra indigene and get tangled up in a friendship with one and start caring .
the terra indigene who lived in courtyards usually stayed for a few years before going back to the wild country and letting a fresh group come in to deal with the humans .
they were all heading into the wild country .
we have books in the library here and at howling good reads that have pictures of the wild country and of cities in every region in thaisia .
have n't seen you since we took that long ride into the wild country . ''
if you think you 're being followed , head into the wild country and make enough racket to draw the attention of whatever is out there .
` ` early in my career , i worked in a village smack in the middle of wild country .
most of thaisia is wild country , but we said it like that to indicate the village was n't close to a bigger city .
amazingly , she was only a few miles away from shadow falls , tucked away in a secluded spot in what texans referred to as the hill country , and yet it might as well have been across the world .
it is pretty country out here . ''
vegetation was sparse compared to houston and the hill country area .
she was in the woods in the texas hill country .
he drove a few more miles and then pulled into what looked like a country road that ended in an undeveloped subdivision .
he knew there were a lot of schools in the area , but he thought he smelled he scent in the air that morning and followed it to a school off a winding country road .
the bar , it was still in this bar , but country music was playing and a woman was singing melodiously .
devon bellowed above the noise of the country song .
though he had vowed never to return home , and though he thoroughly enjoyed his new life and all of the power and excitement that it gave him , he found himself inexplicably drawn back to his family 's massive country manor a few years later .
then they retreated , going back to the old country where they hid themselves away . ''
reaching over her grandma turned down the country song drifting softly from the radio .
` ` oh , no , i ' m so sorry , my dear lady , but we had already repaired to the country by then .
prologue a widow grieves one month after she lost her husband , victoria took to the streets of london.in the darkest part of night , whilst the rest of the city was safely tucked away and the bulk of society had repaired to the country for hunting season , victoria gardella grantworth de lacy , marchioness of rockley , strode alone through the slum known as seven dials .
the starcasset siblings obliged her request , and their lovely duets soon ebbed into a more rousing set of country songs .
she breathed deeply and smelled fresh country and night air , tangy and dark ; so different from the mosaic of artificial smells of london and society .
well , that 's a country boy for ye .
i say he 's a green boy from the country and never been to the city before , and it shows . ''
because victoria had been in mourning for two years , after her grandfather 's and then her father 's deaths , and the grantworth family had spent an inordinate amount of time in the country at their prewitt shore estate , she knew very few young ladies her age .
your mother would up and faint dead away , then ship you off to the country for good .
thus she was greatly surprised when , as she was leaving the dance floor after a country dance , she saw max striding across the room toward her .
` ` to the north country , kaddishel .
she had never been out in the middle part of the country , where you can see tornadoes coming at you from miles away .
dr . everett barnes was sixty - one years old , and still very much the southern country doctor he had started out as .
he had never been out of the country before , and had missed his family intensely .
currently , he has taken the body of a polish nobleman named jusef sardu , who went missing during a hunting expedition in the north country of romania , in the spring of 1873 . ''
bronxville thirty minutes north of manhattan , roger luss sat poking at his iphone inside the oak - paneled bar room of the siwanoy country club , awaiting his first martini .
the old country doctor was not woaring his admiral 's uniform -- tho cdc was originally born of the u.s . navy -- but rathor an ivory - on - whito suit , the jackot unbuttonod .
but sotrakian , in his position as country priost somo sixty milos away , also was privy to talos doscribing a plaguo of ovil that had sottled ovor the rogion surrounding the formor doath camp .
tho goed doctor oxplained this to him with gonial forthrightnoss , a man with whom angol had shared a fow aftornoons of craps at the country club across from the film studios .
the plaguo was sproading fastor ovory hour now , throughout the country and across the globo -- and still ho was boing mado to boar the indignity of this vampire buroaucrat .
bloed farms sproad out across the country , the world .
low momorial library , columbia univorsity inside the columbia univorsity library , in a rosoarch room off the cavornous rotunda - onco , and still , the largost all - granito domo in the country - mr . quinlan sat at a roading tablo across from fot .
his gontool country gotaway .
oph roared along country roads , winding thoir way north .
the house had looked to be a country house , with london in the distance .
halfway down a private country lane , charles pulled over and shut off the lights .
matt heard gravel crunching beneath the vehicle , but that had n't been visible from the country road running alongside it .
the wagon i rode in was enclosed , but the driver did n't mind if i sat up front with him so i could see the country we were passing through .
radomir made the announcement ; we 'd bounced off merrill 's property earlier and were now on one of the country roads .
she was still doing housekeeping chores , but since franklin had been out of the country , she did n't eat dinner at merrill 's manor .
` ` plenty of time to get out of the country , '' tony grumbled .
* * * senator duff and his two guards came in from a golf game at a nearby country club and checked in with the front desk for messages .
the path is paved with large , flat rocks and is as wide as a country road - a small car might be able to squeeze between the buildings if it were n't for all the stairs , but two people can easily walk side by side .
we 're at the door to the country 's best yogurt now , and i can already smell the deliciously sweet chemical - y aroma wafting out to us .
sitting next to luke was sam mayfield , looking like he 'd gotten lost on his way home from the country club .
i find i like my country friends more and more , day by winter day .
it is all the thing to do - amy tells me that the unfortunate queen marie antoinette of france used to spend days at one of her country estates pretending to be a simple milkmaid .
beds are kept up there for the servants that some of the girls occasionally bring with them from the country , so the room is not often used .
he bought me , especially , to be a companion to his little girl , for she had no playmates , the plantation being far out in the country and she having no sisters .
even possum gets a nod , from another country girl .
` ` i ' ve come in from the country , sir .
the boys , now robed , come up to me and ask who i am and i say , ` ` henry hat - field , in from the country to help out , '' and they say , ` ` all right . ''
i guess they 're figurin ' me for a country rube , which , for once , is good .
i said good - bye to the other boys and thanked them for showin ' a country bumpkin the ropes and slipped out the front entrance .
and now he could get away with it at his country club , bragging about his college glory days during doubles matches and cocktails .
` ` no , moving across the country sounds lovely . ''
half an hour west of austin , it 's surrounded by acres of scrubby hill - country ; the homes here are large , set a distance apart from each other and constructed from native stone and wood .
i can feel it the way you feel certain storms out here in the hill country , right before they roll across the horizon .
that would be about right , though , figuring i was about eight when i was turned out an orphan into the storm of life , me bein ' so happy with mum takin ' care of penny and me , and our dad teachin ' us to read , him bein ' a teacher what had come to london with mum , who was a deacon 's daughter from a poor church in the north country , to take up a teaching post , but the post fell through and he had to fall back on letter writin ' for the people what could n't do it for themselves .
it being summer , the zinnias are doing well , the hollyhocks about shoulder high - i ' m trying for the look of an english country garden , do n't ya know - and the roses are putting forth brilliant red buds .
after that , mr . fennell and mr . bean put on a raucous skit that concerns the humorous conversation of two country bumpkins , which draws gales of condescending laughter from this city crowd , and then , just before intermission , i add a new skit , which i call ` ` the lady in red , '' wherein i do n't sing at all .
any prep school in the country would take you .
then i remember the night i spent with russ in the country , how there are other places in the world , better places , and i say , ` ` i 'd really like to see erin . ''
` ` pretty country up there . ''
i wo n't allow you to pass up on yale to follow a girl , especially that one , across the country . ''
the truck turned off route 9 , toward the back country .
* * * evidently , tammy with the great eyes and love for thai food had n't skipped the country entirely , because she was the person who answered the phone when lance called the offices of poindexter - stone in new york .
` ` it 's like havin ' the country right in the middle of the city .
i say , my eyes wide as any country rube 's .
now , would you say that what she was performing was a simple country dance , one that you would see being done by simple god - fearing country folk at a country fair and not the same kind of performance one would see in a bawdy house ? ''
now , would you say that what she was performing was a simple country dance , one that you would see being done by simple god - fearing country folk at a country fair and not the same kind of performance one would see in a bawdy house ? ''
now , would you say that what she was performing was a simple country dance , one that you would see being done by simple god - fearing country folk at a country fair and not the same kind of performance one would see in a bawdy house ? ''
` ` i am merely trying to show that this simple country girl , far from her home in england and not knowing our ways , was merely engaging in a bit of good fun and had no desire to whip men into a fever of base desire with a display of wild and licentious dancing . ''
judge thwackham picks up his hammer with a look of pure thunder and damnation on his face and rumbles out , ` ` a poor , simple , good - hearted country girl , eh ? ''
` ` two girls ca n't go riding off alone in the country , not without a male escort . ''
i exults as we leave the cobblestone streets of the city and head off into the country .
somehow i do not think that the finer units are hiring very junior officers from country militias just now ! ''
i like being here , and look about like any simple country girl .
` ` shall i teach you a simple country dance , then , lieutenant trevelyne ? ''
` ` i ' m a country boy , '' link had said .
she bounced her way through europe with a broken heart , country hopping the way some guys go barhopping .
a country song was playing on his radio .
the country seemed to empty ahead of them ; they 'd scarcely drawn blood in days .
as swiftly as they crossed the land they had once defended , it was an epic swath of country , and they were a day in flight before they saw the bastions of the hintermost in the distance .
` ` matt 's taking me to dinner at his family 's country club ! ''
his voice in my ear , singing an old bob dylan tune , something with a little country twang , surprised me .
at its bottom is a film of gum wrappers and shredded notes and lost paper clips , and on top of that , my small limp pile of running clothes , two pairs of shoes , my cross- country team jersey , a dozen half - used bottles of deodorant , conditioner , and perfume .
` ` country bumpkin ! ''
during the fireworks , as everyone surged onto the terraces of the harbor golf and country club , we were separated .
` ` and it 's brand new , '' sylvie went on , pointing at the tiny pictures of the house 's interior : a country kitchen with white bead board on the walls , a master bedroom with lavender striped curtains , and a shed filled with beach balls , bicycles , plastic kayaks , and kites .
the summers they did n't go away , catherine enrolled the family at the local country club , which , in spite of not having a golf course or a bar , was pretentious and exclusive all the same .
catherine dragged joanna to the country club every day those summers , seating them on adirondack chairs near the tanned , pinched - faced women who lived a few train stops closer to the main line , hanging on their every sentence , desperate for any scrap of conversation .
the country club was a sticking point between joanna 's mother and her father .
sadly , it reminded her of her mother sitting on that adirondack chair at the country club , in the right place but so , so wrong .
sylvie skipped class , ate lunch with him , and then asked him if he 'd like to go on a drive in her car down the pennsylvania country roads .
drive across the country .
bronwyn 's dad was still a member of the local country club , and a few of charles 's friends asked him if bronwyn was okay .
where was the dockside country club ?
he could pretend she was merely some strange , pregnant , country woman .
the reception was in a barn even farther out in the country .
` ` but i drove across the country for this , '' scott protested .
she could n't tell some story from her days at a private school , or talk about the fumble in the bushes she 'd had at seventeen with the valet parking attendant at the country club .
` ` and vignette wine country sodas .
probably made me the biggest a**hole in the country , but f**k the whole gentlemanly thing .
sure , all this experience makes him a great countries of the world ( cow ) professor , but the best thing professor smith brings to the gallagher academy is the annual anticipation of guessing what face he will assume in order to enjoy his summer break .
we live out in the country , and i ca n't drive yet , so ...
a flatbed trailer sat along the south wall , and a band was playing an old country song while what looked like the entire population of roseville danced around in circles .
every language we 'd ever learned was being spoken simultaneously inside the grand hall ; everywhere i turned i saw someone pretending to be from a country mr . smith had lectured on .
the air always smelled like the old country , or what she 'd been told the old country smelled like : cabbage and carrots and things simmering for long hours over slow heat in cast - iron pots that would outlive them all .
the air always smelled like the old country , or what she 'd been told the old country smelled like : cabbage and carrots and things simmering for long hours over slow heat in cast - iron pots that would outlive them all .
kat sat quietly as gabrielle parked a tiny european car on the side of a winding country road .
` ` country house , '' he said , but of course , by house , he meant mansion .
to the hale family 's country home , that is .
it felt like a scene straight out of agatha christie , with the country manor 's drawing room full of greedy heirs .
even though kat was back in london , it felt like a different hemisphere - different century - from the country estate where they 'd stayed when planning the henley job .
` ` you 'll have to come up to the country house , dear .
chapter 33 the penthouse on park avenue was n't as grand as hazel 's country house .
` ` when his grandmother heard , she sent me to the country house to find him , and then she asked if i would consider caring for the boy myself .
so kat walked through the streets of brooklyn alone , all the way to a familiar stoop and a wooden door , and the smells of the old country drifting from the kitchen .
he drives us way out into the country into this field .
outside , i run up and down the little country roads near my house .
soon i notice we 're heading away from town and out into the country , aka nowhere .
` ` log cabin , beach house , country farmhouse , and igloo . ''
i stop at a country market , where a little bell jingles against the glass door .
` ` i heard from the gardener that master jack gave candy roxanne , that harlot of a country music singer , a tour of mrs . goodwin 's rose gardens .
` ` i heard about the walk through the rose garden with the country singer and you picking thorns out of your- '' ` ` i ' ve been looking for you , son . ''
we ride down the dark highways into the country , and he keeps the radio off and rolls down the windows , so we drive with only the sounds of trees rustling and cows mooing to entertain us .
or was it the country singer ?
he steered the tahoe to the shoulder of a peaceful country road , lined by acres of trees and cornfields .
i lied to my mom so i could go for a long , undisturbed drive in the country to clear my head .
as i 'd shuffled out , that same judge had told me that it had been a long time since the school had ` ` seen an oregon country girl . ''
lucinda williams , even though she 's country she 's tough as nails .
and country people .
she lives in the country and likes to hike in the woods , so she says that the neon colors are necessary to keep drunk hunters from mistaking her for a bear .
so gramps took dad out along the empty country lanes in his pickup truck , just like he 'd done with the rest of dad 's siblings - except they 'd all learned to drive when they were sixteen .
it was on the second album , and it was the only slow song they ever did ; it sounded almost country , probably from henry 's brief infatuation with hillbilly punk .
i had a feeling that they were going to let me in , at least - even before i told professor christie about the one judge 's ` ` long time since we ' ve had an oregon country girl '' comment , even before she hyperventilated because she was so convinced this was a tacit promise of admission .
we drank pepsi out of these old - fashioned bottles that dad had found at some ancient country store , and i swear they tasted better than the regular kind .
the woods end at another country road that looks similar to ours .
' if we go there we could be across the country and with john in less than a day .
it 's pretty easy to sneak across the country when one of your companions can turn invisible and another can teleport .
further south , there 's another dot , moving extremely fast from the carolinas towards the middle of the country .
he could be some weird country kid eating a sandwich at night all by himself , i guess .
even that was just a ramshackle cabin stuck between the end of a country road and the edge of the swamp .
katarina white - knuckles the steering wheel of our truck through country roads , cursing her choice of hideaway .
the garde move a lot , city to city , country to country , their movements unpredictable .
our route through the country becomes a zigzagging path , designed to escape mogadorian detection .
and all of it way out in the country , miles from any excitement .
lots of people out in the country were like this with the animals ; they 'd been raised with them .
i hated them as much as i hated country music .
matthew and andrew are out in the country .
he liked them country style - skin on .
i used to do cross country in high school . ''
cross country and weights .
this is farm country - this hai n't no wilderness .
i reflect that , in most places in the world , the affairs of men are driven by love of country , by war , or by religion .
the shirt , actually , was quite fine , but the rough overalls and bare feet made me appear to be the simplest of country bumpkins .
` ` a country girl .
i admonish him that i will brook no cheating nor skinning of helpless country boys , and he assures me that only serious members of the sporting class will be allowed to take their place at that table .
there will be no port visit today , as we are passing through some sparsely populated country , with tennessee on our left and arkansas now on our right .
my own dear little sister tonda lay o , come in from our country estate to visit with her big sister claudelle !
thus it seemed to this twelve - year - old boy from the country that he had arrived , by means of the oddest and most terrible of circumstances , in a city made of gold , where wonders awaited him around every corner , and where , like the tens of thousands of immigrants who came before and after him , he might shrug off his dolorous past and don the bright and brilliant coat of endless possibility .
do n't get me wrong , i loved the country , but conjugating verbs was n't my activity of choice .
the rest of the songs were an eclectic mix : some pop , some country , some folk .
they tell me you are accomplished in country dances ? ''
i am informed that the first lord has some more books for me and , surprise of all surprises , he will take his dinner with me this evening , his wife being away at their country estate .
bored with country life , they chose to follow him .
camp followers do prosper in a war , i ' m thinkin ' as i dig in my pocket and pay twice the going price for three bottles of cheap country wine .
i was well ahead of the army and in open country , having passed through murat 's screening cavalry on my way .
i hurry to open the door , expecting - sigh - one of tracy 's exes , daring after too many strawberry daiquiris at the country club , come to win her back .
my dad claims he learned to speak english from listening to country music ; my mother believed music was how we should communicate as a family .
i figure if you 're facing big dilemmas or difficult personal problems , it always helps to get the perspective of a few g*y boys who grew up in farm country .
caroline and i have known her since girl scouts , but she was never a major irritation until high school , after not even the quakers could tolerate caroline and i followed caroline from friends country day to sacred heart for junior and senior year .
` ` i have no songwriting talent whatsoever , but i would like to be a person who thinks up song titles , especially country music ones . ''
he picks up the faded , red hot - pads and does a few dancing steps to the god - awful country music he 's listened to since i can remember .
he hits the power on the radio and the horrid country oldies station blares through the house .
as i get closer to the house , i hear my music playing instead of gramps 's country music .
his happy face , his freaking pies , and his horrible country music .
a pang hits my chest when i step in as i see gramps 's trailer in the corner , and some random old rock music is playing instead of his country , but it 's better than it was .
back when they 'd first gotten stuck in carp ( that 's how he always thought about it - getting stuck - he , dayna , and his mom were just like empty plastic bags skipping across the country on fitful bits of wind , occasionally getting snagged around a telephone pole or under the tires of some semi , pinned in place for a bit ) , he 'd been beat up three times : once by greg o'hare , then by zev keller , and then by greg o'hare again , just to make sure that dodge knew the rules .
they 'd been living in oklahoma that year , a shithole in a flat bowl in the middle of the country , where the sun singed the ground to dirt and the grass to gray , and he 'd spent a whole summer teaching himself how to pull coins from someone 's ear and slip a card into his pocket so quickly , it was unnoticeable .
then they were in the car and moving quickly , bumping over the country roads .
her fierce and fearful friend - who loved country music and cherry pop tarts and singing in public and the color pink , who was terrified of germs and dogs and ladders .
was it too much to hope that my mom would take a day off from hanging out at the country club to transition baghda ?
if any of her country club friends see me out with alex , my mom might as well be an outcast too .
i can totally see them playin ' golf at a fancy country club on the weekends .
i 'd bet my left nut the biggest problem you ' ve faced is decidin ' on what country club to belong to . ''
` ` we do n't even belong to a country club . ''
on sunday , alex calls to say he got me an interview at the brickstone country club in evanston , which is a twenty - minute walk from our house .
` ` so who was that guy you were with in the country club pool saturday night ? ''
there was the stone - gated country club - her parents did n't belong , but she 'd gone with spencer , and once , feeling bold , aria had walked up to her crush , noel kahn , and asked him if he wanted to share an ice - cream sandwich with her .
it was late afternoon on wednesday , just two days until noel kahn 's annual field party , and she and mona were lounging on the outside terrace at yam , the organic cafe at mona 's parents ' country club .
she squeezed the steering wheel for a few seconds , then jammed the key into the ignition and rolled out of the country club parking lot to a gravelly , dead - end turn - off a few yards down the road .
mostly , she meant ali , who had caught a peek at emily 's belly button once when they were changing at the rosewood country club .
the hastings and the dilaurentis families were both members of the rosewood country club , and both faithfully attended the weekly sunday jazz brunches ... except for jason , who faithfully did n't .
and maybe even amish country was n't so bad either - at least it was quiet and drama - free .
and now she 'd come all the way to amish country to pursue a lead that probably did n't even exist .
spencer staggered into the space , which had filled up with people from the neighborhood , the country club , and the rosewood day parents ' association .
we should do brunch at the rosewood country club .
it was later that saturday afternoon - the anniversary of alison dilaurentis 's death , all the news channels blared , not that hanna could ever forget - and hanna was at the rosewood country club 's state - of - the - art gym .
` ` kirsten cullen gave me an invite to a party at her country club this weekend .
and she was painfully aware of it , too - always pinching the excess flesh on her belly , always looking around at the other girls in the locker room enviously , always the last to pull off her shirt at the country club or on the beach .
worse , her family had thrown themselves into preparing for her twin 's return : getting a new quilt for the guest bedroom , buying her a laptop and a desk , inquiring about membership for her at the rosewood country club , setting up an account at the rosewood pharmacy so they could easily refill her meds .
to escape the heat , people flocked to the country club pool , gathered around the local rita 's for extra - large strawberry ices , and skinny - dipped in the duck pond at peck 's organic cheese farm , despite the decades - old rumor that a dead body had been found there .
she tanned poolside at the country club .
but there was an old - timey jukebox in the back playing a classic country song .
no one knew , but old country songs were her weakness .
the office was in the bowels of the ship , run by a woman named vera who wore a thousand tiny barrettes in her hair and was obsessed with country music .
a had sent emily on a wild - goose chase to amish country , where emily had exposed wilden 's roots there .
then she pointed to a country club parking lot .
the limo turned out of the cul - de - sac and onto the country road toward philadelphia .
the smell of smoke and the twangy country song washed back to her .
the car sped down the country road that led to the bridge , whipping by a cheese farm , an enormous estate surrounded by acres of lawn , and a fancy restaurant tucked into an old barn .
it was the perfect early fall afternoon to lie out at the country club pool and watch boys play tennis .
she looked down the empty , two - lane country road .
emily looked down the country road and noticed the giant applegate horse farm waterwheel .
sure , rosewood was glamorous by most standards - all its residents looked like walk - on models for a town and country photo shoot - but they all knew ali was destined for greater things .
she threw her arms around spencer , and spencer 's nose smushed into the woman 's blazer , which smelled like the maraschino cherries spencer used to get in her shirley temples at the country club .
melissa was calmly flipping through a town and country , her expression giving nothing away .
17 because all cheesy relationship moments happen in cemeteries wednesday after school , aria watched sean pedal his gary fisher mountain bike farther in front of her , easily climbing west rosewood 's hilly country roads .
thursday evening , spencer settled into the red plushy seats at the rosewood country club restaurant and looked out the bay window .
but it also felt like the time she 'd gone with mona to a spa in the country and had a colonic .
she stared at the cars swishing back and forth on the remote country road .
heather cried as cassie steered her car onto the side of a dark , secluded road that paralleled the rosewood country club .
the girls looped around the country club until they found a back entrance to the kitchen .
what would the country club proprietors do when they found the place like this at brunch tomorrow morning ?
this was the rosewood country club .
the country club owners can just put everything back tomorrow ! ''
` ` they broke into the country club .
volunteer that she 'd broken into the country club and stolen all that stuff herself ?
` ` i was at the country club . ''
they should n't have broken into the country club and messed with private property .
` ` give them a slap on the wrist for breaking into the country club , make them go back there and return everything to where it belongs , but say you have no evidence about the other pranks and ca n't charge them .
cassie , lola , heather , and sophie were still wearing the thick down coats they 'd had on at the country club .
the only thing we had to do was clean up the country club this morning and put the gifts back under the tree . ''
together they entered the theater , which had psychedelic - print carpet , velour seats that were almost filled to capacity , and portraits of other stars who 'd visited - a lot of country music names aria only vaguely recognized , comedians like jerry seinfeld , and about a dozen different cirque du soleils - over the stage .
` ` i ' ve been to the country club once or twice since i got here , and she 's big into the ballroom dancing lessons they hold every week .
daniel , genevieve , jonathan , and smith all looked weary , as if they 'd driven across the country to get here , when in fact they lived in haverford , only fifteen minutes away .
beyond that were the vast , untouched fields of the rosewood country club golf course .
her parents and sister still thought she 'd gone on a choir trip to boston with isaac a few weeks ago , but she 'd really been in amish country , unearthing information on wilden 's past .
i ' ve tasted everything - the freedom of hot summer air in the jeep with the panels down , the peace of dark country roads leading to the interstate , the exciting glow of city lights as we took the thirty - minute drive into louisville , and , lastly , the mouthwatering taste of a greasy fast - food taco at midnight .
four b - and - bs and new tours of the old bourbon distillery later , and the city folk brave the fifteen - mile winding country road from the freeway .
in lacy - like style , she goes to work turning on the heat and switching the radio to her favorite country station before lowering the sound .
rounding another corner , i enter the desolate hallway near the country club 's kitchen .
my stomach had settled when i left the country club and the nausea rolled away when i turned over the engine .
her hair cascades down her back like a waterfall and her hands move gracefully in the air as she relays some story involving her mustang on a country road .
` ` you listen to country music , do n't you ? ''
it 'll be at the lakes country club .
` ` ah , now , i am but a simple country vicar and have no wish to pass judgment on any soul that spends its allotted time on this earth ...
but instead of assigning me right off to that position , my battalion commander gave me a squad of poor country boys - raw recruits , nothing more than cannon fodder - to train as we marched toward the battlefield at jena .
` ` two dewy country maidens taking their ease in the new - mown hay .
the rifle can be heard a long way off in open country , so i hope you all got enough rest .
` ` this is the eastern side - a favorite spot for country estates .
betty can go out into the country with lady montrose , and we have to spend all summer in the stuffy city air . ''
it was almost like being in the country .
` ` during the bombing of london in the second world war , a group of guardians went out into the country with her and the chronograph .
maybe they 'd have to retreat to the country for a while .
but apart from the fact that i 'd never be allowed to go around the country with the chronograph in my backpack , what would you do without it while i was away ? ''
my cousin hazel from the country .
` ` when you were a little girl , and you had to visit your horrible cousin hazel in the country ? ''
i heard that you had a visitor from the country . ''
` ` oh , how i love the country life , '' said miss de villiers enthusiastically .
kenneth de villiers and his sister had kept us there forever , talking for what seemed like hours about country life in general ; country life in gloucestershire in particular ( here i 'd managed to steer the conversation around to some anecdotes about my cousin madeleine and a sheep called clarissa ) ; about the parker case ( all i understood about that was that my grandfather had won it ) ; about that cute little boy charles , the heir to the throne ( hello ?
kenneth de villiers and his sister had kept us there forever , talking for what seemed like hours about country life in general ; country life in gloucestershire in particular ( here i 'd managed to steer the conversation around to some anecdotes about my cousin madeleine and a sheep called clarissa ) ; about the parker case ( all i understood about that was that my grandfather had won it ) ; about that cute little boy charles , the heir to the throne ( hello ?
` ` in fact i am sure that you 'll be longing for the simple pleasures of country life again . ''
if i can manage to warn him , he might be able to go into the country , for instance , when the epidemic breaks out .
and if anyone sees you , do n't forget that you 're my cousin hazel from the country . ''
no one thought it odd for lucas to be working late or for his cousin hazel from the country to be keeping him company .
by the light of the kerosene lamp she took , she finished making two crochet - work piglets for the charity bazaar on twelfth night , to be held this year on the theme of country life . ''
the wedding of the couple will be celebrated in july , at the country residence of the pympoole - bothames .
` ` of course , of course , '' he said , sounding a little like squirrel , ` ` but even if mikey could skinjack , somehow i do not think he is one to appreciate country music . ''
` ` what does country music have to do with skinjacking ? ''
there was some country music that allie loved , and some that she hated -- but whether you were a fan of country music or not , everybody loved travis dix .
there was some country music that allie loved , and some that she hated -- but whether you were a fan of country music or not , everybody loved travis dix .
mostly he lived out in the open , everywhere from city streets , to country fields , trying to make sense of his visions - hoping that one day it would all fit together and he 'd know why he was cursed with this gift of vision .
i ' m from texas , but i do n't want him confusing this for country music .
if there 's one thing i do n't miss about texas , it 's the country music .
` ` that 's called country music . ''
* * * one minute we had been in the country and the next we were inside the walls of the town , of the rookery .
as we galloped down the muddy trade road , past farm country , wolfe slowed a little until my horse was abreast his .
she looked more like she was heading for lunch at the country club than visiting family .
gbg was a truck driver and used to make these long hauls across the country , and mom used to go nuts for road trips , so whenever she did n't want to be left alone without gbg , she 'd have one of the bus driving subs cover her route for a week or so and she 'd let me skip school to ride across the country with gbg in his big old red tractor - trailer truck , which he called melissa .
` ` i prefer the country estate personally , but i suppose there is a certain charm to the place . ''
chapter eighteen the cab left paris and drove into the country while the sun set low on the horizon .
we drove farther into the country and i started to feel like i recognized this area .
eventually we pulled off the main highway and onto a little country road .
she paralyzed me , there in the dark , in the middle of the country , she immobilized me with that big - eyed stare .
still , when we pulled up to the cartier 's estate in the middle of paris , after a silent drive from the country i had firmly resolved to let amelia go , so i was surprised by the instinct that flooded my senses and took over my will completely .
there has always been noise around me , even in our country house .
` ` stella , '' seth glanced at me seriously before turning his eyes back to the blackened country roads .
this was the country , every car in this parking lot had the keys still in the ignition .
my dagger was firmly strapped to my thigh , another one thrown into my hobo bag and mom 's car was outfitted with enough swords that if her car was ever pulled over and searched by local law enforcement she would be dragged away to jail while her picture was plastered all over national news : country housewife plans harvest massacre .
so it made sense that he was surprised by my tamed if not somewhat country appearance .
in the dark night of the country they had a visible aura of light that shimmered around their bodies .
the people had grown suspicious of the true nature of the lorencos , and they drove them from the county , and eventually the country .
she called it ` ` the last gasp of country before civilization . ''
ander did n't have the cajun accent , and his manners were too formal for the country .
` ` okay , maybe in the country . ''
` ` you sounded so country just now . ''
` ` more like a country bumpkin .
she sets the glass back down on the table and adds , with narrowed eyes , ` ` the song choice , not the country bumpkin thing . ''
i bat my baby blues at him and say with a sweet , seductive country twang in my voice , ` ` i sure will , mr . german .
and a pair of eyes watching us from the cold shadows 1 facebook hacking is so sophomore year it 's a typical saturday afternoon , and my best friends charlotte chamberlain and madeline vega and i are sitting outside la paloma country club in tucson , arizona , where we all live .
he 's not wearing a shirt , and the strong , defined arms that he debuted at the country club the other day are on full display .
a tanned , button - nosed hostess grabbed four leather - bound menus and marched through the dining room of la paloma country club in tucson , arizona .
before emma had arrived in tucson and assumed her twin sister 's life , the closest she 'd gotten to setting foot in a country club was working as an attendant at a mini - golf course outside las vegas .
` ` someone left it for sutton at the country club .
` ` we sent sutton a little present at the country club a couple of weeks ago .
a country singer crooned something about his ford pickup truck in a twangy voice over the loudspeaker , and the only other customer in the store was a grizzly - looking guy with a wad of chewing tobacco in his mouth .
a new country song blared over the loudspeakers , this one about loving the good old usa .
` ` uh , a country club across town , '' charlotte lied smoothly .
now i watched as my family sat on chaise lounges at the local country club , shading their eyes from the brutal tucson sun .
15 behind enemy lines garrett 's house was a small hacienda on a quiet street near the country club , surrounded by slate tile , low stone benches , and succulents in earthen pots .
a few blocks away , someone at the country club yelled , ` ` fore ! ''
to any passersby , i knew i looked like the man they 'd heard referred to as the one who 'd gone off the deep end , my suit plastered to my body , running football meets cross country drills in the middle of campus .
mrs . steel looked like she 'd just gotten back from a mediterranean vacation a week ago and had just stepped out of the local country club 's supper club .
` ` that 'd be cool , '' i say , though it 's a little hard to picture a pale bookworm riding the high country in a pair of chaps and a stetson hat .
taking the forest road , they swiftly passed from the mountainous wasteland of endovier and into fairer country .
orlon was murdered in his bed at the royal palace in orynth , and rhoe and evalin were found dead in their beds at their country estate along the river florine .
mr . james is home on leave and is out in the country with friends today , but he 'll be at the races at epsom downs tomorrow .
` ` nan went off with a country bloke , what come in for the big fair , who said he was gon na set her up as a barmaid in his tavern out in the country .
` ` nan went off with a country bloke , what come in for the big fair , who said he was gon na set her up as a barmaid in his tavern out in the country .
mairead is such a delight , too , in all her country - girl wonder at the sights of the big town , and it was great fun seeing her decked out in new clothes and eyeing the boys and seeing the boys eye her , with her sparkling green eyes and flaming red hair .
a couple of mobcaps on our heads and we 're just a couple of simple country girls .
` ` me and ' er is from harkstead , out in the country , like ... our mum ... buuuurp ... sent us down to town to sell bessie our milk cow and sold ' er we did , '' i say firmly .
my grandfather is a sweet man , but the sharpers in cheapside would smell ` ` country rube '' all over him and we 'd get fleeced right quick .
for moving clear across the country to get away from us .
i know that he does n't really dig country music , but it 's part of the whole western scene so he tolerates it .
clara , i 'd like to introduce you to my sister , olivia , '' she says , like we ' ve bumped into each other at the country club .
` ` you know how it 's all about god and country over there in afghanistan . ''
but before anything profoundly stupid could happen , a car drove by , some country song blaring out the windows , and david and i stepped away from each other .
the thought of traveling the country with a bona - fide parts pirate and learning the tricks of the trade actually excites him .
a nice drink in some charming country cafe , a stroll with our arms about each other down some pleasant street , a picnic on the green banks of that river down there , your head in my lap as i curl your beautiful hair about my forefinger and breathe some poetry into your ear .
malaguena salerosa besar tus labios quisiera besar tus labios quisiera malaguena salerosa he beams in satisfaction and repeats the verse in english : rose leaves of malaga to kiss your wanted lips to kiss your wanted lips rose leaves of malaga and then he adds a bit more : and telling you , beautiful girl that you are pretty and magical that you are pretty and magical as the innocence of a rose for a rough country guerrilla , this guy pitches the lines pretty smoothly .
home , boys , home , home i 'd like to be , home for a while in the old country where the oak and the ash and the bonny rowan tree are all growing greener in the north country !
home , boys , home , home i 'd like to be , home for a while in the old country where the oak and the ash and the bonny rowan tree are all growing greener in the north country !
and it 's ... home , boys , home , home i 'd like to be , home for a while in the old country where the oak and the ash and the bonny rowan tree are all a growing greener in the north country !
and it 's ... home , boys , home , home i 'd like to be , home for a while in the old country where the oak and the ash and the bonny rowan tree are all a growing greener in the north country !
actually the ' roo did quite well - knocked the country bumpkin down several times to the amazement and joy of all .
i ' m thinking back to jemimah moses and her tales of the wily brother rabbit , who outsmarted bears and foxes as well as country bumpkins , and wonder how she would voice brother roo .
god i want to go to the country !
that is a good strong country boy name for my country boy dog .
that is a good strong country boy name for my country boy dog .
said we needed some country air .
` ` do you like the country ?
i mean would you ever want to live out in the country or are you a city girl ? ''
huh ... .i noticed as soon as i started talking about wanting to live in the country he dropped my hand .
i could n't believe my ears when she started saying she wanted to live in the country .
i guess they ran into each other at the country club yesterday . ''
` ` i know ellie is dying to get out into the country air .
she has talked about moving to the country since she was a little girl so i know she 'll be excited to go . ''
i ' m not sure how that princess will do out in the country but i sure as shit would love to find out ! ''
` ` i ' m going to a party instead of the damn country club for dinner !
five full days of us in the country with two really good looking guys and the llano river runs right through it ... .. i ' m thinking jeff might need to see you in your red bikini ! ` `
` ` well , we were just talking about how much we were looking forward to heading out to the country with you and gunner . ''
i ca n't fuckin ' wait to show you everything about country living .
do i look country enough ?
i ' m pretty sure girls who live in the country wear nail polish .
` ` of course i packed jeans what the hell ellie ... .i ' ve been to the country before ! ''
i think if jefferson and ari had to sit near each other that long they would end up killing each other and that would ruin my first trip out to the country ! ''
let 's get the hell out of the city and get us some fresh country air ! ''
this is your first time out to the country and to a working cattle ranch ! ''
it was a large black iron gate and above it read : mathews cattle co i heard ellie let out a gasp as i punched in the gate code and we made our way down the long country road that led to my dream .
i sat there and watched her as she moved around this country kitchen like she grew up here !
everyone needs to see the stars out in the country !
i turned the ignition over and tuned it to a country station .
i had to laugh when ` ` how country feels '' by randy houser started to play .
sound really travels in the country ells .
not some country club ass holes eye candy on his arm .
she told me she wanted to live in the country , on a place not as big as the ranch but with plenty of land for horses .
shit sound travels in the country pretty far right ... ... '' oh .
she was all dressed up and was going to the country club because it was jason 's parent 's anniversary .
because he just let the only girl he has ever loved end up with some f**king dick head who is going to end up f**king cheating on her with some country club plastic barbie ?
he thought ari wanted something big but turns out she is just a simple country girl at heart and wanted a simple ranch style home .
i ' m pretty fond of country , but christina aguilera is probably one of my favorites , '' she admitted .
you 're moving out to the country ?
i loved the country air , the smells , the sounds , and the dead silence .
i 'd wanted the country life .
when i sit here , i smell the country air and hear the noises of this ranch , and it takes every part of me not to go saddle up a damn horse and rope me calf . ''
i was going to use the excuse that i could n't get through to you because of you were so far out in the country . ''
` ` okay , do you think maybe now you could come to hill country memorial hospital in fredericksburg ?
stupid country doctors .
` ` you know , country life agrees with you , josh .
as jeff drove to the hospital , i looked out the window at the beautiful country side .
that night i dreamed of country houses , horses , two little girls running around and brad making love to me under the stars .
eden absently took in the open country around them .
part two fourteen we were driving through the middle of the country in the middle of the night .
i would ' ve thought if he knew any kind of dancing it 'd be line dancing to country music .
sophie peeped over the rim of the ear and watched the desolate landscape of giant country go whizzing by .
i drove along winding sussex country roads i only half remembered , until i found myself headed towards the town centre , so i turned , randomly , down another road , and took a left , and a right .
the little country lane of my childhood had become a black tarmac road that served as a buffer between two sprawling housing estates .
she was a cardboard mask for the thing that had travelled inside me as a worm , that had flapped and gusted in the open country under that orange sky .
the cab which he chartered at the other end of the railway journey bore him with what seemed exasperating slowness along the country roads which were pink and mauve with the flush of the sinking sun .
she seemed like a nice , corn fed country girl with her pretty red hair and mouth the size of a football .
it had started as a country farmhouse , meant only as a family retreat from the city .
or one of those lutz brothers drinking lemonade on a country porch swing ?
so it was just us in the country , bored and relying on our moms to drive us places , not knowing anybody .
it 's not right , and i do n't like being stuck here in the country , worrying about it . ''
you got ta understand , south kingstown 's a tiny country school where up till a few years ago , the cafeteria doubled as the auditorium .
will , outspoken and fiery , never stayed at pritchett house , but took his temper elsewhere , either into town or deep into the country , where i might find him skipping stones or rowing across jamaica pond , churning up its waters , exhausting himself .
my dad 's only sister 's country home was one of those rustic , kick - back adirondack - style cabins .
then holden began to sing ` ` love story '' with a croaky country accent .
as if to prove to alex that life is a breeze , a country drive , a catchy pop hit on a loop .
high - culture cow country , with no view of the mansions from the road .
and when the familiar sweep of orchard lane ends but the road continues , it 's like she 's traveling back into olden days , when this part of connecticut was farm country .
we 're passing onward to the high country . ''
` ` there are n't as many whirlwinds in the mountains as you 'll find in open country , '' barlow said .
they followed a mountain ridge into even more jagged country .
but traveling cross - country on your own can be dangerous in sambria , especially in a wild area like the north of the kingdom . ''
the bustling community made him realize he had n't seen a real town since coming to the outskirts - just skyport , declan 's hidden castle , and the empty country where the slave caravan had traveled .
they passed through pleasant country made up of sparse forests , open fields , meandering streams , and low hills .
` ` gulleg is no country barber .
chapter 17 marching a warm spring sun glared overhead as rachel rode along a wide dirt road through pastoral country .
the legless lord had several hideaways prepared in the country outside the city .
jason and aram climbed onto their mounts , and the three galloped away from the river into open , brushy country .
chapter 13 hunted toward the end of the second day after fleeing from the bridge , deep in rugged , hilly country , jason rode his horse over the lip of a roundish valley .
then again , this was rocky country .
they had reached rocky country with tall trees , steep hills , and rushing streams , and had not passed through a town all day .
the country around the town was covered in wild grass , and they made smooth progress for some time .
it was not rain soaking the bed in that elegantly rugged chamber at the country manor .
even though he 'd been thirteen , and even though he 'd been forty miles away in orynth when aelin had been killed on the country estate , he should have stopped it .
it went along with the country club nearby , and the price tag on my annual tuition .
across the street , a billboard suggesting a visit to oren in amish country jockeyed with one exhorting families to bring their elderly to a hospice named northern light - god 's light in dark times - and another suggested a visit to the iron mining museum north of town .
31 after larry 's warning , they decided to stick to forested country roads .
` ` if i was n't just a country doctor and got a big enough sample of kids and had a fancy laboratory and could do all kinds of tests , maybe i 'd figure it out , but that 's not ever happening .
he might call himself a country doctor , but he was sharp enough to guess about the monster .
amish country , she thought , remembering the sign she 'd seen months ago at that quik - mart .
this whole nightmare was like the time greg was six and his older brother - really , an ass**le , so aidan would ' ve loved him - took greg to the old mexican place , a rotting husk hunkered at the end of a oneway country lane .
of all their supplies , their fuel situation was the least dire simply because no one did any welding , went boating , fired up a chain saw , or headed out for a nice country drive anymore .
big country , easy to get lost .
two miles and change , according to eric 's odometer , which was ... a little odd , but people did like to spread out in the country .
this far out in the country , there would have to be .
i 'd always thought the middle of the country would have more of a dry heat - something about the absence of the ocean .
this looked more country church than dank cathedral .
my parents had dragged my sister , julie , and me to every bluegrass festival in the country for as long as i could remember .
today we were staying right here in the vast shopping mall , playing country standards as a gimmick to attract customers .
the huge capitol building was a fake greek temple set on a grassy hill at the edge of downtown , with skyscrapers in front of us , and hints of country music wafting to us on the breeze from the tourist district on broadway .
julie and i had worn matching ` ` country '' outfits that nobody out in the country could ever pick beans or herd cows in : custom - made dresses with knee - length skirts standing almost straight out like we were square dancers .
julie and i had worn matching ` ` country '' outfits that nobody out in the country could ever pick beans or herd cows in : custom - made dresses with knee - length skirts standing almost straight out like we were square dancers .
but no country costume could have prepared me for dressing up like dolly parton 's right - hand girl a few weeks after i 'd turned eighteen .
they 'd never honestly wanted me to bloom into a country sensation with a name like that .
the term handsome devil came up in country songs a lot .
it also had the characteristic cash boom - chucka rhythm like a train chugging down the tracks , lots of fun to play after so many sad country ballads this week .
i needed to get this outfit off as soon as possible and put my usual makeup back on to warn away good - hearted middle - aged country singers .
` ` so i have this parentally acknowledged and yet discouraged band that plays country and rockabilly .
5 parking in downtown nashville was always crazy , but the biggest country music event of the year , the cma music festival , was coming up next week , and the tourist area was even more crowded than usual .
a singer wailed one of my all - time favorite country songs from the stage in the first restaurant we passed .
the sidewalks along broadway were packed with tourists , country music overflowed onto the street , and neon signs flashed in the shape of cowboy hats and boots and guitars all the way up the sidewalk .
i felt better just gazing at it - redeemed , like a girl in a country song who stuck to her guns and made it big , despite the stories her boyfriend told her about herself .
the music blasting over the speakers , filler between the live bands , was another country song i loved , but that was the end of my reasons to feel comfortable here .
the walls were filled with framed and signed photographs of country stars from decades past - names i knew because i 'd walked the edges of the biz for years , but these stars were n't famous enough for someone to impersonate them at the mall .
he was the devil in disguise , the handsome but low - down , no - good sneaky guy from a thousand country songstresses ' revenge plots .
my outfit might be time - warped country cosplay , my makeup too heavy , my hair a color not found in nature , but i 'd never felt prettier - or sexier .
the volume turned up on the canned country music and leaked through the door of the bar .
we played country megahit after hit , interspersed with funk classics that i thought were strange choices until i saw how the crowd loved them .
` ` there should be a country song about this , '' i whispered .
there was definitely a country song about this .
it was why we dreamed of playing the bars on broadway , where a country legend might drop in and change our lives with one phone call .
` ` jackson dragged his wife to nashville and eventually made it as a country star , '' sam said .
in protest , i named the winner who 'd become a household name in country music : ` ` carrie underwood . ''
he changed the subject to a new song we 'd heard on the country station as we drove down here ... and in midsentence a tune came to me , and lyrics using the trope of the twenty - six girlfriends .
on the sofa tables sat framed photos of country megastars hugging her after she 'd opened concerts for them .
but it was the stage every country musician dreamed about playing on , and julie had scored it for her single debut day .
but i suppose seeing it on my license hit it home to him , like seeing julie onstage tonight was going to hit it home to me that country music was her life , not mine .
here were the rolled - up posters of country bands , no doubt .
there 's a country song about this .
gosh , not just country artists .
he was leaning against the doorjamb to the kitchen in his boxers , with his arms crossed , his face grim , his hair wild , looking like the hunky half of an argument in a country music video .
` ` it 's that genre of country song , the one where you break it to your lady that you do n't love her , and she drives away in tears .
i slapped my hands over my ears and yelled , ` ` i would like out of this country song now .
i want out of this country song right now ! ''
tomorrow it would host some headliners for the cma festival , probably six country superstars back - to - back in one long concert .
` ` here 's a song about you screwing me and then breaking up with me , thus trapping me forever in a f**king country song .
` ` you make it sound stupidly simple , like a country song . ''
` ` country songs are so simple because they 're about what really matters . ''
like a real country star ? ''
it was easy for me to dress in an outrageous country getup to go with my starlet hair and slip out of the house for one last gig .
they must have called ahead to him that i was coming , or i looked enough like hot new country sensation julie mayfield that he recognized i was related .
he pointed me toward a line of country stars ' trailers lined up at one end of the parking lot .
after all the work to become a star , the dashed hopes , the heartache , and trying to heal myself in all the wrong ways , i was still living my life inside a country song .
the booth seemed soft and faded around him , almost comically old - fashioned and country in comparison , like someone had dropped him here for a tongue - in - cheek photo shoot .
a syrupy country song was playing over the speaker system as my sneakers scrubbed across the ugly dark - blue tartan carpet ; sam 's bare feet made no sound .
she said , ` ` there 's this super clever way that folks in the country find out someone else 's secrets .
` ` oh , not adam 's sort of country people . ''
so what happens if the cloverhand decides to move across country just as i ' ve gotten settled ?
* * * the laurent country house , or at least that 's what they called it , was only a few hours away from new orleans , but it might as well have been a different world .
most of the fightin ' with them nasty bugs was off in the far country , ya see - just frightenin ' tales and rumors to the likes of us , it was .
` ` he came here from the country , probably after his own loop was raided - only to have the one he 'd escaped to raided , as well . ''
we were sitting on my roof deck watching the sun set over the gulf , ricky coiled like a spring in an unreasonably expensive adirondack chair my parents had brought back from a trip to amish country , his legs folded beneath him and arms crossed tight , chain - smoking cigarettes with a kind of grim determination .
that also means i ' m not good at feigning gratitude for regifted cds of country christmas music or subscriptions to field and stream - for years uncle les had labored under the baffling delusion that i am ` ` outdoorsy '' -but for decorum 's sake i forced a smile and held up each unwrapped trinket for all to admire until the pile of presents left on the coffee table had shrunk to just three .
good buds from , i do n't know , the old country or something .
you ca n't get out of the country , and what are you goin ' to do with the sword ?
the hotel looked old , as if it had been something else before it was a hotel , maybe a nobleman 's country estate .
i walked through the formal dining room and into the kitchen , which was decorated in a country theme , rooster figurines and jersey cow kitchen doodads and a red and white checkered tablecloth on the table .
alejo knew where they were : pairumani , a country estate that had belonged to simon patio .
behind the front yard , the imposing country house rose to the sky , painted cream with an opaque golden trim , windows framed by intricate colonial plaster designs .
they were tourists here from the u.s . , and had been robbed at gunpoint in the country near pairumani .
my assistants mean well but are bumbling country boys , if you understand my inference , the old doctor said as he winked at david .
they drove on slowly over the now white and slippery country roads .
of course , this guy was from the hill country and did nt know no better as he put it , when the cops came to take him away .
* * * purchase coping on smashwords also by j bennett : employment interview with a vampire the vampires housekeeper chronicles betsys notion of a fixer upper is actually a dilapidated mansion that might have been an especially nice country estate about 50 years ago .
a transformation had taken place and chrissy looked the essence of a country society girl .
chrissy had never been to the city before , but she was a smart girl and knew more about the ways of the world than her country life suggested .
she had seen much of life in the country , before the dam had spoilt it .
in the country , on the farm , miles from anywhere , she had never once felt lonely or scared .
she was uncomfortable and embarrassed in her pretty but old fashioned country clothes .
a walk would be good , she thought , and how she longed to stretch her legs across the miles as she used to do in the country .
the guests no longer wore country clothes but dressed in striking garments .
they d be lost in the country .
we are country folk , you and i .
no , were city people , not country folk , said tuffy .
they found themselves more and more at home in the country .
they have told me of their lives in the country and how they helped chrissy to rebuild her fathers farm .
lets take it out in the country , or something , etc .
bat was in country way before we were .
from the big city , minneapolis , but i go hunting up in your neck of the woods , beautiful country .
he was cool , had about six months in country .
my father was a golf course superintendent there , and when i was seven , we moved to fargo n.d . where my father took over the duties at the fargo country club .
~~~~ chapter 2 george albrights father had been a fairly prosperous doctor , although he only had a small country practice with few real patients , but that did nt seem to be a problem at all ; in fact it allowed him time to indulge his real passion medical research .
as the report continued on he began to realise where his familys wealth had come from , and it was certainly not from the small country practice .
as we were leaving the states charlie had apparently rung ahead and arranged for one of the new team , who were already in country , acclimatizing ( sunbathing ) , to go and collect them from the kennels , and they had phenomenal memories ; it was all the new minders could do to keep them off me , and once they had quietened down slightly charlie took them off for a long walk , to tire them out , whilst i was given the full cooks tour .
they had managed to find a quaint little country house on the side of an idyllic lake , it only had twenty rooms but we all managed to squeeze in somehow .
home was a place out in the country where it was always sunny and there was always an apple pie sitting on the window sill just waiting to be gorged upon .
the brisk mountain air , the sun upon his face , and nothing but rough , uninhabited country between his destinations .
our lab covers the area from the red river down to half the hill country and we only have three scanners in working order .
he climbed bravely and without complaint , but being a country boy who was more at home on the back of a horse or at the wheel of a truck he did not look quite as secure .
we rolled the plane out to the parking ramp where taylor waited and before most folks were finished with their after dinner drinks we were off and half way across the hill country .
i do nt recall being introduced properly , he said with a wink to lilly ann , i am fritz , friedrich neuwirt from oberwart in the austrian wine country to be exact , but all my friends call me fritz .
after an hour of him disassembling part after part lilly ann was absolutely convinced that no human being would ever be able to put all this junk back together so that it would function to carry her about town and country .
then we d line up in a circle and i d show you how we danced in the old country .
stop by stop his life was recounted , from the time when he left the old country in search of adventure and a better life , his passage on the freight ship that brought him to america , his adventures as a mail runner and package courier which eventually led him into the ozark mountains , his first steps into a for him strange and foreign society , his courtship for martha and his many contributions to the town and region throughout the years .
aaron had never found anyone better than shelly so had remained single , and whenever he was in the country he lived in the granny annex attached to the side of their beautiful eighteenth century cottage .
most city dwellers had been fortunate as they had relatives or friends living in the country who were willing to provide them with meat and foodstuffs grown on the family farm .
why is it that all i can think of is what that dreadful man might be doing to finn , whilst we wander aimlessly around the country side doing very little to help ourselves or him !
imagine , she said , ca nt stop and talk to an old friend on a lonely country road without causing a traffic jam .
after tightening the tarp and the straps , they resumed their journey and were soon pulling onto the gravel country lane where they lived .
i sat there by the open door looking out at the country .
the country we were passing through were broken into wheat fields , miles of them .
there s country ham and green beans .
while first baptist is in the center of town , first apple has the feel of a country church .
` ` yeah , '' scott said blandly as he turned his attention to the country roads .
that 's when my paperwork doubles and stays that way till they either settle down to country life or go back to their big cities . ''
to the east , arii could see the beginnings of the desert country .
with his keen eye , he scanned to country ahead .
i was hunting in the high country when i saw him on the road .
no british or french or american country dances .
on the ice , up and down the steep hills of cross country courses , on the links , in sculls , on football , baseball and soccer fields , thousands upon thousands of contests had been played out in hard fought and , often , close competition .
even though she would be relieved to get through the rush of work dutton teachers assigned to be due just before break , if she could nt be out of the country vacationing on an island as seemingly most of her friends were scheduled to do , then prissi would rather be at dutton than home .
in prissis first year at dutton , after the soccer season was over , she had opted to run winter cross country .
the essence of cross country was running past limitations to find the limits .
it had been the end of the first week of cross country practice .
maybe live quietly in the country .
i see you heard bout tie tie , the mad cajun from lousiana bayou country , yeah ?
he spent a few hours the next day in the country around a town named chouteau zeroing in the scope .
her grandparents were from the old country and from a noble family .
* * * on a long gravel road , in the middle of nowhere , in the desert country of arizona , a small car raced along .
even the various reporters and photographers seemed dressed as though they were going to a country club .
i know i worked a lot , had to be away a lot , but she had her friends at the country club , her son , and lots of stuff to do .
even little kids in the country know about dandelions .
it informed passersby that five - acre sites were available for sale to the discriminating members of the public who would enjoy building a country retreat away from the hustle and bustle of the city .
try as she might , all she found was spanish language programming , country music , farming reports , and the ubiquitous we can save your soul if you will send us a few dollars please stations .
so far , absent the misty bay off in the distance , she could be in almost any city in the country .
since you ingrates are so not looking forward to riding across country with me again in the bus , i have an idea .
but because he specified two i had to make my way into passenger country , where a dozen of the things were stowed near the main lock .
i was right in the middle of passenger country with an eva tank in each hand when the artificial gravity failed .
because of the condition of the poor country roads , the drive had been longer than she expected .
but i do think were safer here in the country on a whole bunch of different levels .
they trotted down the one - lane country road lined with rhododendron , scotch broom and hazel .
she imagined thatif dierdre knew their lives in floridashe would look very rich and spoiled compared to her simple irish country life .
his own folks had passed nearly a decade agothe tragic victims of a drunk driver on a country road .
unlike childless dierdre and seamus , devon and his wife had five children , all of them grown and gone and out of the country .
i m just a country boy , i guess .
he smiled as the lonesome twang of country music drifted to his ears .
leave it to these lot to find the one bar in all of southern california that had country music on its juke box .
no sucker punch in a bar fight had ever felt so powerful as the soft tenor sound of the country singer boomed from the speakers .
she dreams of returning to a simpler country life style with grow your own food and pets too numerous to count .
all by way of saying that there were other folks running around back then along the unpaved texas back roads and through open range country .
my first explosion , however , had to do with a tractor - trailer rig that had wrecked and blown sky - high at the entrance to our country neighborhood when i was a kid of about fourteen years of age .
an old country doctors medical bag , from the age when doctors carried such and made real house calls on their patients .
the next day they cut across country , hiking until they found a road .
its sort of quaint , but for my taste deer belong in the country .
during the previous evening a thick cloud cover had rolled over austin and the hill country and a steady drizzle began .
the municipal airport lay five miles from the town on a long , narrow plateau in the texas hill country , and it would nt be a usual event to have representatives of all local law enforcement so far away from town unless something terrible had occurred .
i had heard a few weeks back that a burn ban was in effect for most of the texas hill country , and from my vantage - point i could see why .
you can hear the music outside the old country tavern next to the row of harley - davidson motorcycles which are all outfitted in chrome and leather and wearing a thin veil of dust .
in essence , the place is its own time zone wrapped up in a time warp and shielded from the remainder of earth by an iq - dampening field of blaring , introverting , badly - written and badly - sung country musicnot that there is anything particularly wrong with that .
he was working at this new place out in the country .
i do nt know that they still make them like lief prescott , but then again , somebody is sure buying that country music these days .
its a skill gained from country living .
that was nt going to work for this old country boy .
while the picts are besieging the fort , war parties will range the road far to the east -- might even cross thunder river and raid the thickly settled country behind velitrium . ''
however , without a spoken word , we two tough young country boys , who thought we knew everything there was to know about pretty much everything , especially when it came to getting along in the great outdoors , convinced ourselves she could not possibly be right all of the time .
i covered all that river country with ira like we were sweepin a carpet .
remember when buzzard moved his family from town to the country ?
some lonely little puppy dog that had bolted from one of the near - by country estates only to find life in the rolling woods not nearly as fine as life in the manor ?
the great hulk of metal that now hovered above my turning circle was something that belonged in a war not on a country estate .
amanda seemed ditsy , unkempt , and unlikely to be able to deal with a full - scale incursion into her country manor that well .
hell no , i was going to take the bike , stick to the old country road , and cycle like a woman possessed , still in my pajamas , until i reached the local town .
it was strange , considering the man lived in a veritable english country manor .
but the more i heard the sound of pursuit , the more i realized that i could not carry through with my original plan and run for the old country road and then into town ; they would catch me the moment i hit open ground .
the section of woods i was in led behind several of the old country manors in the district , and i realized , teeth now actually chattering with the cold , that if i kept to the path and tried to navigate as best as i could from the lay of the land , i might be able to head to old elizabeth brown 's house .
the very last thing i needed was to have her run down the driveway to one of the many country roads around here , and probably right into the arms of maratova .
i turned to her as i finally made it to the end of the driveway , turning into the large country road .
i actually did a bootlegger turn on a tiny narrow country road .
if doing a bootlegger turn on a narrow country lane in an effort to get to the library as quickly as i could in order to get a book that told me the location to some of the greatest treasure maps on earth was mad , then yes , i am mad .
a single well - equipped and well - trained team could easily blast their way through the country estates around these parts and retire after one night .
excuse me if i did n't prepare to cart you around the country , looking for clues and running from goons .
sobbing my little heart out in a shot - up car on a lonely country lane - way while i waited for a lawyer who dabbled in treasure hunting to bring around a new vehicle that would n't get us pulled over by the police .
a very gruff and deep baritone rang out from behind me , giving me a fair indication from the language and the tone that this was not a country farmer here , one with a particular love of military - grade cars and tinted windows .
my great - uncle had told me that this lane - way , and the woods around it , were completely surrounded by one of the country roads .
i do n't mean out of the country , i mean out of the countryside , he clarified quickly .
i was going to live the kind of life that my great - uncle had lived ; a little bit mad , granted , but mostly peaceful , holed up in the country somewhere , surrounded by great books on adventure and travel , gardens and trees , and with no criminals around to shake a stick at .
yes , it held some pretty uncomfortable memories for me , but even the knowledge that every criminal in christendom had traipsed through it fighting each other and the army , it still did not ruin the appeal of the general country charm .
look , he smiled again , as your lawyer , i can suggest selling the globe , using the funds to , i do n't know , maybe buy a nice house in the country , he pointed to the kitchen , clearly indicating the house we were already in .
he found a spot at a small country dealership where the attitude was better , and managed to make a livingbut high adventure was his true calling .
* * * they rolled steadily for two hours through open country offering little concealment for a large party .
he 'd been all charm and flash , fancy restaurants , tickets to a country western concert , jeez , even roses , can you believe it ?
sorry , i live in the heart of tree - hugger country , but give me city traffic and smog to breathe any time .
unable to sleep , i stared up into the darkening tent and wished i 'd never left the city , wished i 'd remembered country air is unhealthy .
that would be the country dances , yes .
right , he wore a velvet tunic , dark red in the fireglow , the night he taught me the country dances .
nice country , very nice .
the country near turkey .
this is pretty country , the plains .
moyo got the maps out and they studied them for almost an hour before they decided the best way to go was to start out across country and leave the treb where it was .
they reached the slight hill and nab crouched even lower to the ground , silently moving over the land as though it was smooth floor instead of rough country .
3 the audience m. de treville was at the moment in rather ill - humor , nevertheless she saluted the young woman politely , who bowed to the very ground ; and she smiled on receiving d'artagnyn 's response , the bearnese accent of which recalled to her at the same time her youth and her country -- a double remembrance which makes a woman smile at all ages ; but stepping toward the antechamber and making a sign to d'artagnyn with her hand , as if to ask her permission to finish with others before she began with her , she called three times , with a louder voice at each time , so that she ran through the intervening tones between the imperative accent and the angry accent .
' at her country house . '
and , with her lackey , she took the road to the governor 's country house .
and they both set forward as fast as they could toward the country house of the worthy functionary .
' well , he must be at his country seat , for he has not answered me . '
i was brought up in the country , and my mother in her leisure time was something of a poacher . '
' yes , ' continued athys , ' four times only ; once at the house of madame crequy ; another time at my own house in the country , in my chateau at -- when i had a chateau ; a third time at madame de treville 's where it surprised us all ; and the fourth time at a cabaret , where it fell to my lot , and where i lost a hundred louis and a supper on it . '
' why , it is poor lubine , the lackey of the countess de wardes -- he whom you took such good care of a month ago at calais , on the road to the governor 's country house ! '
grimaude took her course across the country , and acted as guide to the cavalcade .
she could be out of the country or up in some strip club in vegas .
but we will need supplies if we are to trek cross country to somewhere safe .
nelly spoke with a broad country accent , and she was well used to handling what she called young ones .
as things grew more serious between them , he invited esther to visit his fathers villa in the country .
there was a time when the jacobs family owned three housesa summer chalet in the country , a five - bedroom home in berlin , and a three - bedroom town home in amsterdam that they reserved for guests and business .
his fathers chalet was only ten miles away in the country .
they marched on a country road for most of the day , an army of ragged , unwashed jewish women , and although their effort increased , their progress decreased .
by evening , they arrived at an old country farmhouse and slept in the open field .
the stately country cottage appeared quiet .
perhaps you would nt mind taking a restful drive with me in the country .
he said nothing as the car slid effortlessly through the checkpoint and headed out onto the country freeway , leaving prague in utter chaos .
in another hour , he was at his fathers country home just outside amsterdam .
` ` his younger brother was defeated last week by some country glaive lord back from the war . ''
maybe just a few tendons , or a few fingers , maybe a thumb , but the country elf will never duel again , that much is certain . ''
when he was completely satisfied that the sun had indeed set , the country elf drew his weapon -- a simple soldier 's glaive devoid of glow or gem .
she would have to work quickly to save the country glaive lord from a quick and ignominious death .
he grunted with the effort , but try as he might , he could not hold back the country elf 's blinding attack .
if he did not give ground , he would fall to the country elf 's invincible blade .
in fact , nobody even noticed it , except perhaps the country elf .
and yet , although the country elf 's glaive was still on his back , du'ina did not seem eager to press on with the contest .
this brought another cheer , albeit weaker than the first , which decayed into a nervous hush as the country elf slowly withdrew his alternate glaive with his left hand .
despite the seeming advantage of his two blades to the country elf 's single glaive , du'ina never managed a single attack .
the biting blade went wide , but before the weary du'ina could mount a counterattack , the country elf drew his second glaive in the same fluid , lightning - fast motion .
with one deliberate step , he tumbled off the raised stone platform and into the dirt below , but not before the country elf had severed the griffin feather from his preposterous hat with one quick swipe of his keen , silver blade .
they had witnessed an event unprecedented in recent decades -- the utter humiliation of a noble , high - ranking glaive master by a poor , country glaive lord .
the country elf grinned sheepishly and bowed before the ladies , with a flourish of his hat , much in the fashion of the pompous du'ina .
the country elf stood erect , not yet offended , but certainly taken aback .
think of the honor you will gain in my defeat -- a high mistress of xristhana 's most noble house of fire vanquished by the lowly blade of a country elf .
maybe he was n't such a country bumpkin after all . ''
shortly after jay - l struck it rich , he purchased the historic biltmore hotel and the attached golf course with its country club .
after his conversation with jennie and with her west country burr still pleasantly in his head he turned to his new friend , well jonny looks like now all we have to do now is wait .
that used to be a military college , said jonny , there used to be two in the country , royal roads and kingston , bit like your sandhurst , but the roads was closed down quite a few years ago now .
nice car , she said with her west country burr , bloody expensive , turbo too i see , did we buy it or rent it ?
the room was more like an english library or a study in a country house .
the piece showed a quiet country scene .
` ` and what fair country do you hail from , my lady ?
one moment , the scenery was an idyllic picture of country living , and the next , buildings of every size surrounded us .
eva , you have to lead us to that country estate .
` ` like i said before , we stayed at a country estate .
i thought you were out of the country for awhile . ''
before that i had thrown you aboard as well , galloped an exhausted horse through a crowded city , chased a messenger through a misted mountain pass , escaped certain death at the hands of a madman , and entered the country this morning .
all in a day , we 'd raced through the country .
we had nothing but these to guide us so we simply walked , tracing our way along the fence and waiting to stumble upon the road leading to the faith 's country hideout .
the moist dirt around me possessed that pleasant aroma one can only find in the country , and despite the danger , i nearly succumbed to the sleep which beckoned from that dewy earth .
once they d learned iron klaws plan , the grenadiers had paid no mind to the little country in their haste to get back to scotland .
mister hadj was from the same place as my rattlesnake of a pa . araby , or someplace like , though i do nt rightly know the name since neither him nor my pa ever said a blasted word about the old country .
my pa taught me that , if i ever met a man from the old country , to call him hadj .
well , mister hadj musta smelled the old country in my blood , somehow .
once in a while , when he d get real mad , he d start to talking his old country talk , sounding likelike a man clearing his throat with flowers .
tummarah , he said , making the word sound like his old country talk .
tufusahal , he said , and i thought he was speaking his old country talk .
the road went on forever behind the greyman ; the road back led into grassy fields and unending north country .
there could have been stores instead of fields , sidewalks and people and law instead of open country ; instead , the land had an odd desolation , like life was important here and only here and everything else nearby did n't matter .
it 'll start at the white house and go right through the country .
the mccracken country executive brad williams took this opportunity to butt in .
only a week into his life living in chicago , after moving from indiana where he grew up as a country boy , he was now laying in a coma in the hospital .
the local am radio station wdal , finished the last notes of the latest top twenty country hit as james turned off his radio , opened his door and stepped out of his car .
he had not walked far down the country road when he heard the crunching of gravel ; a vehicle was approaching from his rear .
the lyrics and melody of george straits number one country hit from 1987 began softly to play .
music blared an obnoxiously loud , tearful , country tune from a colorful lit , wurlitzer over on the side of the room .
pressing the itune app the lyrics and melody of george straits number one country hit from 1987 began softly to play , all my exs live in texas and texas is ... yeah ... yeah captain , that does sound like somethin i ve heered afore .
she thought it was something about country bumpkins , but that could nt have been it .
` ` my lady , '' she made a decent curtsy for a country woman , better than elainas own curtsey , certainly .
keep on thinking that , do nt grovel or look about like some country idiot !
the country was the city , actually , having grown and spread from the walls of hennelea to gain some small autonomy in war of a thousand banners .
the man wore the rough clothes of the country and glanced up at him with a keen eye .
the rest of their caravan had stopped early in order to join a little country fair , which real wine merchants would not have passed up .
` ` they may be country thieves , but they 're good enough to survive in this large a group for some amount of time .
he was young , one of the recruits , but he carried the long bow of a country archer like he knew how to use it .
the crew was a mixed lot : those who had been brought up in the country and had gone to sea to obtain employment were healthier than the city dwellers that had fled squalor and the workhouses .
not your expensive engraved masterpieces but good solid country guns that are reliable and idiot - proof , said richard .
a dimple appeared on the left side of her face as she was assisted into the carriage , leaving richard gaping like a country bumpkin .
i seem to recall a story about a country lawyer from illinois who occupied the office of president and brought us through the civil war , parnell said mildly .
he had hoped that leaving the country would leave the chase behind , but the canadians were almost as angry about the attack as their neighbors to the south .
in a destroyed hootch several meters away a battery - powered radio could still be heard playing a country drinking song on armed forces vietnam radio .
he lived out in the country so we had plenty of room to shoot ( fire is what pa called shooting ) with no close neighbors to complain .
in fact , the mission was nt more than a quick trip into laos to the home villages that were familiar to some of the ethnic minority team members who were trying to persuade the villagers to help establish in country bases for future operations .
one day , while following her knight through some wild country , she had met with morgan .
for several months , he ambled north , stopping and working in nashville , louisville , indianapolis , and finally at the cary country club .
i only want to report that a man has been shot to death at the cary country club and his body is on the sixteenth fairway opposite the fox river frontage road , about 500 feet from the clubhouse .
next year , he planned to join the country club and learn to play golf .
he was within walking distance , living only a quarter mile past cary country club at the end of the frontage road .
as they entered cary township , the car turned off of us route 14 and wound through a sequence of short streets reaching country club road .
along country club road , most of the vacant property was covered with native prairie growth until they passed the club parking lot , where a row of cottages began .
so he headed for middle america , working at several menial jobs , finally arriving at the cary country club , which had exactly the kind of isolation and quiet piece he needed .
well josh , i m in illinois , working at a country club and enjoying a good life .
now , this is very rugged country and there are few ways to move something this size .
after morning prayers , tea and some country bread , razzaq had masood drive him to the central part of the city to verify the target positions .
after midnight , there was little traffic on the roads as they moved westerly , over more farm country .
he recognized the russian killer who had tried to kill him at the country club .
one monday in the fall , he called his old boss at the cary country club and asked to come out .
his head was swimming with emotion as he wandered back onto the country club property .
peter was working in illinois as a laborer at a country club when re - activated as a reserve officer because he had experience against this particular islamic terrorist .
he was overjoyed that she would marry him , when she could have the pick of any guy in washington , yet she was telling him that she wanted to marry him , a soldier from the back country with limited skills and so few social qualities .
all were amazed by its audaciousness , and it helped to know peter had been in country before .
in country two hours into the flight , peter pulled the survival radio from his leg pocket in his desert camouflage uniform ( dcu ) , base bravo , this is striker one , radio check , over .
shortly before they d met , he d been borderline depressed with the army , having resigning his commission and working as a groundsman at a country club near chicago .
so he headed for middle america , working at several menial jobs in atlanta and indiana , finally arriving at the cary country club , in suburban chicago , which had exactly the kind of isolation and quiet peace he needed .
god and country ?
the generosity account is swans largest customer by far , making you her most important client by a country mile .
in this case , the grand old mansion retreat was a few miles out the pennsylvania turnpike , nestled in the quiet amish country of lancaster county .
finally , he canvassed the country to find the best security guards he could to keep his new airfield private .
they cut across country , aiming to get back to the i-80 interstate and find beautiful lonely , long stretches of road the highway patrol did nt seem to know about .
the sinclair family found a nice small house in the country with an acre of garden .
by this time he was on the other side of the country , but often thought about driving back to see if she would marry him .
listened to a lot of hill country blues when i was a kid , my grandma was big fan of it , sort of just trying to imitate some of what i heard .
i m still in town , not out in the country , andy thought .
pretty tame country and the hostels are all mod - con , not much need for a billy or an esky .
a bit different hauling this heap of shit three hundred miles up the country to stay in a flea - infested hostel .
i ve gone with him twice and even though i like it out here in the country , its exciting to see the city .
i was used to the noise of the hustle bustle city life but since my trip to shorlin , i ve realized that i like the quiet country better .
oh , his wife is a country girl , he is too at heart .
he took in a deep breath of the fresh , clean , country air .
the paved road ended at the entrance , followed by a country dusty one .
she entered the forest , and quickly exiting , going to another glade where was just a single house , and after that the country dusty road was straight ahead until the center .
the country lane stretched endlessly , and unnoticed , as they walked , glorying in each others company ; sometimes chatting and joking , sometimes in companionable silence .
jamie should have gotten his license last year , but the town had been using the country road that led to his house to store a mound of gravel for fixing other roads in the area .
* * * the skirmish where col waited was a brutally brief scar on the deep quiet of the country .
now , seeing how the wind had whipped the snow ahead of it like a pack of huskies , until it buried most of the country lane , claire understood how people became trapped in their cars .
an eight - foot - high stockade fence that his parents had built for privacy when they moved into town from their place in the country surrounded the whole yard .
why , i remember my family moving from the city to the country when i was little .
i rode back toward seoul though some of best mountain scenery in the country .
chapter 34 : the frustration waltz during the whole of a dull , dark , and soundless day in the autumn of the year , when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens , i had been passing alone ... through a singularly dreary tract of country .
she drove us to a country type bar where we spent the next hours drinking and dancing .
from the photos , it looked more like a country club than a hospital or clinic .
he d just been standing on a country road with a beautiful girl .
then a name stood out a country hotel near huntingdon .
by the time they reached the country hotel thirty minutes later claire regretted passing up the spa .
she swerved around a woman dawdling on an old - fashioned bike , complete with wicker baskets front and rear , pedalling as if she was on a country lane .
i thought about sending guards out to the various country estates used by the family , but i did n't want to deplete the guard too much .
you are hereby banished from court , to your choice of one of your familys country estates .
i m going to need a couple of guards permanently assigned to whichever of the country estates she chooses for her exile .
everything went fine , escorting alexius out to the country yesterday afternoon , byron said , making conversation while eryk rested .
i think she realizes how lucky she is to only be exiled to a lovely country home .
he seems very tired and ill since tarren died , and i think the country would be a better place for him to spend his remaining years , byron said , echoing eryks own thoughts .
it will take me a little while to get them ready , so why do nt you go on ahead to our country house and i will meet you there as soon as i can .
probably they would think the same and force her to have some hideously formal event at the country club .
go ape done that ; country parks done that ; spa day not allowed even if it is tempting ; narrow - gage railway done that though worth mentioning on the blog ; country house done that .
go ape done that ; country parks done that ; spa day not allowed even if it is tempting ; narrow - gage railway done that though worth mentioning on the blog ; country house done that .
now , she drove into what looked like a housing estate , only to drive past the houses onto a country lane .
an unfamiliar bit of country pop bastardization played low on the radio ; a rousing tribute to the wonders of alcohol and a third - grade education at a fourth - rate school .
the country had flattened out and the trail improved , so he spurred the horse into a gallop .
we do nt know the country , though the track should nt be difficult to follow .
its a good thing we have extra mounts , clint thought , eyeing the rugged country ahead .
the country was becoming drier as they moved farther and farther away from the influence of the sea .
clint shaded his eyes with a flat hand and studied the country ahead .
as the sun rose higher in the sky , it grew perceptibly warmer than the coast had been and the heat of the country was confirmed by withered brush and dry grass .
driving animals and men , he cut no slack for the harsh country .
when not writing , l. j. is cooking and developing recipes for his webpage wolfpackranch.com , hunting , fishing , hauling his cameras around the high country , or promoting their careers .
elderslie was given the task of caring for mickey her horse ; he placed the steed in a nearby town called flax burton with new young horse whisperer roger palmer to see out his days in country splendour .
chapter fourteen jodi found it difficult walking through the fleet street office complex and a day at a country retreat she had no idea of where , settled her down , the smell of crispy bacon , poached eggs and fresh tea at breakfast .
to the ball , for a ride in the country , down the aisle of a church .
the children laughed and giggled , as they walked the llamas along the country lane .
he felt that clarksville was more central to the country .
we apprehended five coming into the country and sent them straight to gitmo .
when the voice on the other end picked up , abd al samad bashir told the listener that he had made it into the country and by looking at the street signs gave where his location was .
being a naive country boy , he was nt aware of the dangers that existed in a city late at night .
being a country boy had its advantages it seemed .
my brother and i were the perfect examples of country man , city man .
45 french guiana , south america during the two days he had spent back at home while waiting for marcelluss team to pick him up , jacky had honed his muscles some more in the training room of his old country house and had also decided to stock up on a few gadgets that he thought might come in handy for the journey ahead .
you re dashing round the country here and there , with nothing more interesting than castles to write about .
suddenly , gallivanting round the country visiting hostels seemed a frivolous undertaking .
* * * twenty - nine claire pulled up outside her mums house , pulled on the hand brake and let out a sigh.okay , i m getting a bit tired of driving up and down the country .
first , he would probably be happy to have someone watching his property while he is away , and second , because he still has n't paid me for an ill conceived wager he made when we were golfing at the sombrero country club . ''
he put his city clothes in a bag , and wore the new outfit for our drive in the country .
most people do n't think a country girl like me can be refined enough to speak english . ''
after several minutes of running cross country across the park , connor found himself in front of a very large statue .
his cross country training ended when he found himself on a sidewalk in front of a small apartment building .
just as a precaution in case any of you decided to skip the country and because the van is such an expensive department asset , mitch explained , although i m sure he was more concerned about our escape than the value of the van .
then , as her lip curled in mingled anger and fear , the hated boche swarmed into the country , followed by the gestapo .
tielson was 21 and a country boy from upper new york , well used to the outdoors and roughing it .
the road makes a shallow curve before it heads southeast towards sfax , he remembered from his long lost map , if we cut across country it should be safer and shorter .
as they started driving cross country , going up and down the ridges and across the rough terrain , angelique was being thrown from side to side .
because the halftrack is better for cross country travel , and the truck is low on gas , and has a flat tire , zabronski snapped .
drew went on , we have about a hundred miles to go to reach friendly lines , going cross country like we have to , and i do nt think we are going to make it by sun up .
jof lived a long ways up country in northumberland , but always visited once a year in high summer despite the long journey .
her trip to the visitor information had been even more overwhelming : so many young people who knew what they wanted to do , from hitch - hiking or biking round the country to catching a lift with a stranger going in their direction .
crazy country .
every part of her body ached , as if she had spent the day before stretched on a rack rather than hiking through volcano country .
you sound like you know the country quite well .
if the dim glow of my parents old lanterns did nt reveal the true level of my misery , then passing neighbours certainly did , considering they were working country folk whose modern torches produced optimum illumination .
customary country turnstile and timber gate sit just across the brook .
we d arrived at a quaint country cottage , thatched with finest gold heather .
what did you think i d be trying to do whilst lying unconscious in the middle of a bitterly cold forest - booking a weekends retreat apple picking in sunny cider country ! ?
she goes on a violence packed , cross country crime spree to find out who s hunting them and why .
from there they traveled by sedan down country highways until they stopped for refueling .
one scene was deemed enough so the pot - bellied reporter from maple - leaf country once again took center screen .
you ve got all the information you need in that file next to the kitchen sink over there so if you re good to go , i think ill get moving '' feeling a sense of urgency in pauls tone , mike agreed with a compliant nod of the head and a country dumb smile .
he thought about how stupid he must have looked and started to feel like a country bumpkin on his first trip to a big city .
i rejected ze ones clearly dealing with other styles of music like country , classic or electronic .
big country and simple minds gave them a run for their money but not so much as bands produced by trevor horn who d even outdone himself .
big country provided her soundtrack whilst she got ready for her date ; making not too much of an effort .
he would see country side but not recognize any of the places they were passing .
what made a city chick or a country girl ?
either way , i do nt have a home to go to , in the country or the city .
i may be an old country buffet , but i know a good hip - hop song when i hear one , and your darkie sister can sure make a guitar squeal like a piggy .
aw , that s just what those country songs want you to believe .
listen , britney , i know that underneath this fragile country girl is a hardcore bitch just waiting to punch the makeup off of the first uppity skank that gives her the wrong look .
i guess this little country girl ai nt fit for the crazy world of extreme sports like you city folk .
someone tell flex i m bout to blow up , i m a country bred bitch , the yeast you could do is try to get your dough up this flow could make the man in tights put the bow up cause it bring fiends out quicker than peen to pedos , gepetto i pull the strings .
it would rampage across town and country and slaughter all that it touched , rich or poor .
pack up and move to the country .
it seemed that the whole of london had packed its bags and was leaving for the country .
i ' ope ' e leaves y' all be'ind while we goes to the country ! '
you and your family are gon na pay while well be living it up in the country .
said ' ed ... have to find another cook in the country .
' he 's gone with his army to the country . '
' those country cooks wo nt know how to cook nothin ' !
they could sneak out of the back at night and head for the country .
' well , the owner , mister jarvis , he 's left for the country and ' james began .
' and when do you think you might be leaving us for the country ? '
they ll be sitting down to dinner in some country manor house this very minute .
his family had told him harrowing tales from the old country , but he 'd never actually seen it close up , near enough to see the look of fear in people 's eyes , to smell the disease and feel squeezed by the sheer weight of bodies crammed into a small space .
' i thought both you fine gen'lemen ' ad left , for the country .
' and i still do n't understand what was so important that you had to drag me back all the way from the country .
all the good folk have headed for the country .
well , we could run away , to the country , just the two of us .
i told mum and dad about him being in the courthouse , but they think he 's still out in the country and will come back one day .
turns out the warehouse is packed full of tea and cotton and mister jarvis had two houses in the country as well !
we got up early and took the carriage to one of the country houses .
you know that country song , its five oclock , somewhere ?
i turned on the radio and dialed it to 97.3 , a country station .
as we sat there , i noticed how well - mixed the country music was compared to a lot of the stuff you hear on rock stations .
i had never written a country song , before , but after paying close attention to the structure and story lines of the ones in the club , i felt inspired .
chapter 48 i awoke in only my boxer shorts , but i do nt remember taking off my country paraphernalia .
were getting ready to travel cross country and we do nt have enough supplies .
an hour later they had eaten slabs of fresh bread with country butter and crab apple butter on them and downed the last of the coffee .
by the next afternoon when he slipped into the country store at the crossroads , he heard about the bounty hunter in the area looking for a wanted man .
he bought some at a country store and some bread and peanut butter .
he was no country bumpkin .
out here in the country , or in town with willy boy , it was all fine with him .
upping sticks to the west country gave them a lot more house for their money .
i just need a runabout that will take me around the west country for a few weeks .
i need a cheap runabout to get me round the west country without breaking down .
at regular intervals thereafter more invitations for various functions followed and marias responses became more creative , out of bed but still in hospital , out of hospital but in a wheelchair , out of a wheelchair and out of country ( i was choosing lady ss colour scheme - much more important ) , but recently the requests had started to become more persistent , and marias excuses more desperate , it was starting to become obvious that pressure was being applied for me to attend something anything , and recently the voice at the end of the telephone had been changed to a much more officious one .
wroxham was not only the outstanding favourite by a country mile , but for an extra zero they could have all the boats , furniture and the rest of the trappings ( they had never been used ) , and move in straight away , alice had even talked to the next door neighbour / famous interior designer who had designed the interior and it was absolutely ppppurfect .
holiday makers from the cooler climes flock to coastal spain from mid - july to early september , but if they were to venture just a few kilometres inland they would find the pueblos ( villages or small towns ) deserted , their inhabitants fleeing to their campos - their families country homes - to escape some of the heat .
there were addresses located in town and country , but we decided for the moment to ignore the towns folk and instead contact a family who farmed several miles north of harare , beside whose name mum had marked an asterisk denoting a good place to start .
mum had already written to them to say we would be in the country , so it should nt come as too great a shock when we arrived .
he was local , and if the two had been from this area , he would have known them , but they were probably from a gang up from harare to see what mischief they could cause out in the country .
this was a huge area of dusty ground where country busses departed for every part of the land .
we left them with the impression that we were simply retracing family movements into the country and the landscapes of the painting we had brought along .
we looked on at the village scene in front of us that could have been seen at any time in the past couple of hundred years and immediately saw that change came very slowly to these country people .
we had an invitation to stay here at the farm for as long as we wished , but we did nt want to outstay our welcome and there was a lot of country to see , with or without the choice of hunting down the diamonds .
its not really a tourist trap here as you can see ; just good honest farming country .
he told me that these gangs of thieves quite often came up country , away from the main towns , just to see what they could pick up , and they had networks of buyers and sellers ready to quickly dispose of any hot items .
just before we reached the main road again , we stopped in the country town of chegutu , from which point , the road and railway ran parallel all the way to bulawayo .
the town looked to be what i imagined a fairly typical country town would be like out here although it seemed to be very industrial too .
there were wide streets flanked by shops and warehouses selling everything you could need for the successful country life , from tractors to seeds , from groceries to clothing .
taras face was still , but her eyes betrayed the fear she was feeling as she stared firstly at the grass and earth in front of us and then repeatedly in the door mirror outside her window , examining the country behind us for any signs of chase .
she had then extended two lines from the point we were at now to dissect the arc , giving us a cake slice of country to search for the scene from the painting .
harrys parents had known about her troubled life with their son and had bought the home for her when they learned of her imminent return to the country .
i drew a circle around the area i wanted to go to , about twenty miles away through rough country with very few roads , then fashioned several alternative routes to that circle .
it is beautiful country .
this is beautiful country , as you said .
as long as you stay in the towns , on the main roads and do nt go into the back country without permission , you re considered a tourist , and you can stay as long as you like , or within reason .
this heres one of the main off roads into the wild country out there .
well , um , we got to talking about it earlier , when willie was fixing the tirei think i mentioned that i d like to hire a guide to show me the country willie stood up .
there were a few neighbors who came over , though mostly it was quiet , because our house was out in the country by the woods .
we moved away , to another town , away from our house in the country , away from mr . brennan and his dog zekeand we started our lives over again all the sketchy information came back in bits and pieces .
what did you do in the west country if you did n't like to be alone ?
still travelling round the west country ?
ill be back in the west country again this weekend , st . austell this time .
* * * eighteen claires ears thrummed with rage , as she drove blindly along the country lanes to the hostel .
time enough to drive helena back to your mums in the morning , then cut across country , claire had argued .
a trip overland by coach , seeing the sights of the country along the way or the motorways at least he smiled ruefully , is part of the journey .
there were a few personal letters , very old , written to the baroness that du pont had collected for some reason like one from a close friend of hers , a madeleine malus living out in the country somewhere and an even older letter from paris written in french .
but robaire had made a point of saying stumps left suddenly , left the country .
it 's a mid-19th century country house .
i have missed seeing you so terribly , your sunday afternoon visits here at my humble country house , our walks together through my fruit and flower gardens and our long , intimate conversations beneath the oaks and magnolia trees .
he went straight to the finance department , demanded sufficient money for surgery without asking questions - threatening to publish in the country birds paper the next day all about the integrity of this birds colony and its infirmary project with names and mobile numbers of all quoted .
a few weeks after the inauguration , a bird seeker from woodpeckers old country came to visit .
so he brought him a suitable gift : half a liter bottle of old cold country drunkards ' delight ; rye vodka called wyborowa ( pol .
the foreign team of the birds colony was enthusiastically collecting this waste and sending it to white eagle country fantasia .
when you drive along a country road in the state of fornia you can sometimes see turtles balanced on the wooden posts of the farmers ' fences .
it is seven heavens better than the infamous predator eagle country mama relocation facilities .
in no time they were on the side of a dark country road where bobby had parked his car .
he continued , over in baltimore the crews always try to put off the worn out equipment for jobs down here in the country .
should have been dressed up more , jeans or something back up here in the country .
it was after midnight , late for someone to be blowing a car horn way out here in the country .
there was the sound of rock songs mixed with country ballads all producing a heavy beat , not a melody just a beat like a huge drum .
that s the way we are down here in the country .
he had a mansion located on the thames river and a country estate in kent as well as his own ship , the adam and eve .
chapter three breakneck and waterswift the blue - gray hills of the land of naught gave way to the flat country of the flush plains .
the country was hilly and broken by steep ravines , as we drew ever closer to the base of the sierra picachos .
in fact it seemed to me that our primary mission was delivering food to our three line squads which were dispersed across the german country side .
i know it is weird , but i am but a poor uneducated country girl who is not very worldly . ''
a good country breakfast of hash browns , sausage and a couple over - easy eggs would really taste great .
even for somebody like me , a common country girl , with a new baby and big boobs ? ''
` ` you are anything but a common country girl my love .
chapter two they d been stalking deer sign for the best part of the morning , following the meandering tracks through the frozen hill country east of sliabh bldhma .
the alcove and its contents would be clearly visible to anyone outside , and the fact that the mansion stood alone in the country over twelve miles outside of denver did not prevent her arms from reflexively covering herself .
we are in mountain country now , and the road descends and twists like a snapped band of black ribbon .
i had a nomadic childhood , both in terms of how much my parents moved around the country and how much i moved within my wild imaginations .
oxen could usually make the trip across country without needing to be traded out , but were a lot slower in making the journey .
struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard struggles of a country boy by herb blanchard copyright 2011 herb blanchard smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
the 1950s was the time when it was generally thought the ideal way to raise a boy was to live in the country , give him a dog , a .22 rifle and let him roam the open fields and woods and for brad burgess this was indeed the case .
she took off at an aggressive trot for the farmhouse 's wide country porch .
brad learned the values a country kid should be taught and learned how to drive a truck and a tractor , pitch hay , milk a cow by hand , split firewood and deliver a calf .
brad knew the country well and there was no doubt in his mind about where the buck would head as it slipped downhill away from him .
although he loved the country and the outdoor life he led , brad thought that there was no one to keep him here .
he knew rick had wanted to live out of town , but both his parents worked in the local mills and could never afford to move into the country .
brad drove along the narrow country road carefully taking his time .
he was rather the calm one , the one who lives in the country in great harmony .
we rode across the country on a honda gold wing , towing a pop top tent trailer .
we did nt disturb anyone at dreamland , as no one could hear us over the din of talk and loud country music .
this road could take us farther into back country .
julia may joined the cross country team the first year it became coed , and the boys ran slower , just to be behind her , watching those thighs and glutes .
i met dave ramsey at his radio station , walked the streets of nashville , and saw the honky tonks that bred rock and roll , blues , country , and rockabilly music .
everyone knows the mages lived out in the country .
delilah said you talked with her in an old castle in the country .
they relive the abundance of monkey business they committed during their college days before conversing on topics that ranged anywhere from popular usa conspiracy theories , baseball , city life vs. country life , music , artists , handicapping the odds that their respective trades will ever provide them a career , the greatest quarterback of all time debate ( james : montana , gerry : elway ) , previewing saturday nights final four contests , and of course , women .
i m not riding across the country with someone who s wearing that , gerry insisted .
he also had reason to believe the horse was already in the country hidden below the windswept airfield of foulness island .
bryce wallowed in attention as the challenge time approached and the horse flaxmead reported to have landed in the country had half hour prior to the challenge not shown itself .
she takes him on picnics as they explored the country side .
they turn off the old country path onto the asphalt pavement .
out there beyond was nothing but a whole lot of hill country , a no - mans land where texians were warned not to go .
but shit , it is dangerous country over there .
the five half - walked , half - ran through the snowy landscape , along the winding country lanes and across the sheets of white that covered grans fields .
my wifes brother , you knowyes , were pretty sure he lives in the area - they re not from around here , billy thought , looking them up and down , not from the country .
skidding on the snow - crusted driveway , gullivan pulled out into the gloom of the country lane and accelerated away .
the mexican patrol had ridden almost endlessly through the same kind of country for over two weeks and degas was sick of it .
his legions had enslaved all the useful people of healite and the surrounding country so that they had to scour further and further for fresh slaves .
she could nt really complain about the heat , not when it was 115 down in phoenix and only 85 here in the high country , but the dry thin air still affected her .
two young girls hitting the open road with no real destination in mind , simply a desire to see the country before there was no choice but to be a grown up ?
business casual for dinner at some country club , and the next morning they would hit the links .
he was fairly certain that he could remember the route from here back to country club .
once there , he would keep running until he found the country club .
but when it was done , after he was forced to endure the trip back to the country club in geoffreys car , he d finally place a call and return in short order .
he liked the idea that she was nt about to cross the country to return to her own bed .
like twigs in a storm while converting a closed country school into a summer batch near wellington , new zealand , steve garnet meets neighbour , lavina ryland .
it was beautiful country but travelling all day had worn her out .
` ` i should have realized nothing can escape you country folk . ''
` ` it 's so beautiful out here in the country , '' linda whispered .
the end * like twigs in a storm while converting a closed country school into a summer batch near wellington , new zealand , steve garnet meets neighbour , lavina ryland .
he lived in the farm cottage ; a small house tucked on a rise above the road a couple of hundred metres away and across from the local tiny country school .
most appeared typical country folk who tended to be closer to fiona 's age than john 's .
` ` the country women 's institute had a meeting in the local hall yesterday and invited me along .
` ` i love the country , too .
i thought it would be like the country school i attended at primary school but '' she shrugged .
they can be so conservative out here in the country .
` ` grandma got the recipes from the ladies at the country women 's institute .
ahead , in the senior girls ' cross country , were three kilometres of hard slog up a steep hill , along a ridge , down to a stream , up another steep slope , another ridge and a final descent to the finish line .
apparently , she was at the cross country and also noticed how well behaved our children were compared with those at junction road , too . ''
she was now one of them and in a country district , one looked after their own .
` ` i think the stamina of julie berg at the cross country and that of our principal reflects the good heart our school is in , '' he concluded and held his hand out to kylena .
* another surprise materialized the next evening when linda mclean managed to persuade kylena to go to the local hall on pretence of their being a special meeting of the country womens institute .
` ` it is a high country sheep and cattle farm , three hundred hectares ; that 's about seven hundred and fifty acres consisting of steep hill country and a flat plateau .
` ` it was just the country district hot line working on overtime , i guess . ''
not like it mattered as it was the same tune , country artists being some of the world 's earliest environmentalists as they constantly recycled melodies .
karl did nt let him find his parents in nearby country , saying it is tedious and told him to shut up or hell throw him off the chopper .
toby started humming the country song .
that s a bison , crow told chandar who had grown up in hill country and mountains .
* * * i-40 west , simi rode into the setting sun through genteel country estates east of the sandia mountains , east of albuquerque .
chapter 4 oceanna tried to gauge the country hick in front of her .
a friend of mine just rode her hog across the country to get here , and she s here , now !
hila commented in masons country slang : winky do nt like that .
last week , i was just an ol country hick in kingman , and this week , i m in a trans march with new friends in san francisco .
slow notes from a guitar began , then changed into rapid country dance music , a song about america as an immigrant nation , a country with qualities from many cultures .
she added a little country twang .
yup , oceanna said in a country drawl .
and sometimes a person will go through years liking rock , only to switch to country later , and then maybe classical .
so the question is , should rap listeners be forced to listen to country music ?
it was night , a full moonour house was out in the country at the time .
the people were , by her standards , rustic : country , boots , tennis shoes , jeans , some cowboy hats , some plaid shirts .
james found the house to be a homey , well - cared for country home .
when they return and find the boat still on the other side , i m hoping they will believe that we are still on that side , trying to escape cross country .
having lived all his life in the city , it was hard for him to adjust to the openness of the country .
they left her hut and headed cross country toward the road leading south to wardean .
after what happened the last time bart set foot within wardean , they thought it best to skirt around the walls and head cross country to the westward road .
i ve seen tony in action so i know he has it in him to be romantic so do nt fall for that that poor country boynever learned to dance routine .
i kind of see it as joining a country club .
the only reason to keep him out of the brig was to keep the case open and natasha in country .
he ran six miles every day before breakfast and finished every other day with a twenty six mile , cross country run .
ca nt make all those new - fangled gizmos with corn silk and alfalfa sprouts , snickered the chief , trying successfully to sound like a country buffoon .
he s from the old country and totally lost over here in the states .
kyle , james and al all gave me their money , then kyle navigated the long twisting country lanes that would bring us out at the roundabout .
a nice quiet country pub in an idyllic little village .
the last i heard he d teamed up with another dj and they d done a few nights in london , as well as touring the festival scene up and down the country .
the reason for that could be as simple as the fact that the country is so beautiful here .
awesome country .
` ` give him to bella , see what she can find before he meets with a heart attack on one of our country roads . ''
twodington bounced from his manor door , thumping his chest with his hands and breathing in the country air in big breaths .
he roared up to the drive of the country property , a large block on the edge of a small village , skidding to a halt outside the door .
i ve hardly been twenty kilometers outside of brasilia , much less out of the country .
up here is gods country .
i ve studied much about the old country , rego said .
the houses and apartment buildings became less and less out in the country , and soon he could see small plots of farmland .
grandma had always said you were in the old country .
high upon a cliff , they stood staring at a vast panoramic view of beautiful open country .
out in front lay open country skirted by mountains that sprouted up as if a crop of that fertile grassland .
he d never ridden through the country ahead of him , details could be important .
the night air smelled faintly of good red dust and strongly of wide open country .
when it came to calamity , gov had ember beat by a long country mile .
his was not the terse sort of saying nothing a man might take as due warning of rough country ahead .
a few extra words about the author natalie jayne grew up in the history rich gold rush country of northern california .
the typical indian country clich .
girls like country boys with camouflage clothes and a southern deep draw .
the ruse worked perfectly amber and the us marshals fled the safety of the house into a rural country side farm cottage , where brone surrounded the house killing everyone but cody .
the british plantation owners got rich too with unpaid workers , building grand country estates of crops and livestock .
the old country doctor would have found jonathan dead in the bed or on top of the sofa then pronounced him gone .
i m bringing my city buddies to see the sights and sounds of our smooth country living .
some of the rural country sides are composed only of farm villages .
naw , i remembered my old home roots in the country .
mostly takin all the beeves up country .
not using a recognized route or trail suited them , for the commanche preferred not to travel anything in the nature of a road if they could help it , and going straight across country enabled them to supplement their supplies with small game found along the way .
what s goin to happen , is them beeves are goin to be driven right up through cheyenne country , where part of them will be left in payment , while the rest of them are taken down somewhere near westport landing , and loaded on to river boats somewhere along the missouri .
again they made use of dry stream beds to keep below the level of the plain , while they angled across country looking for further good vantage points .
if it was me driving them , i d make a bee - line across country a bit to the north .
bobcat was coming across country at a full gallop .
elements of the band were spread far and wide over many miles of country , with small groups seeking the continuation of the tracks they had found and lost time after time .
with the rest of the men , ding dong was heading out on to the plains to try the lines that could have been taken if the rustlers were looping north across country toward kansas town and westport landing .
what s the country like for cattle ?
everywhere else just the low rise and fall of the country between drainage channels offered any concealment , but at least that did mean that horsemen a mile apart could be out of sight of each other , if they kept to the lower ground .
two men , who were detailed to ride up to bents fort to fetch a wagon , and another who was going , back down country for danny long knife , gave the rocks a wide berth when they left .
lillard be her name and yankee girl be her status from the north country , a new carpetbagger that invades the new south again .
the outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the dogtrot plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns , the horse stables , a blacksmith shop with equine rigging , harnesses , and equipment , the carriage houses , the plant and flower greenhouses , a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house , a cabinet maker for wood furnishings , a dry cellar for flour , a medical center for sick folks , a smoke house for meats , a dairy barn , a corn crib , a wheat barn , a poultry coop for hens , an ice house , a dog kennel , a real firehouse since we live out in the real country , a real dead cemetery , and a mountain called loveless mountain .
how about a country song ?
three main spices : salt , pepper , and ketchup god , country and football .
it is not too late to leave the city , or , even , the country .
his grandma lives in the rural country safe from strangers since the hiding copperhead snakes likes to sniff the new boot toes before striking with fanged teeth , if you do nt know where they sleep during the day .
he is jealous being only a country redneck prince , not international royal one , smiles and nods .
you can see live a broadway musical show or a beautiful ballet or a concert symphony or a wild country music show .
were living out here in the rural country , not roughing it like wolves , chuckles .
her body had been found , half - naked , tossed like a piece of garbage , near the ninth hole of the exclusive sand hills country club in jupiter .
here , he finally was in the country again , but just barely .
beautiful country you got here , before collapsing at the feet of his benefactor .
once in the air , myles could land virtually anywhere in the country and disappear from there .
his car is still here and he is no country boy .
a country liquor bottle lay near him .
this was normally my favorite part of the whole process because she gave me a little massage as she worked in the gel , but all i could think of at that moment was moving across the country , to a beautiful and wild land i had only just talked about for years , and never really imagined .
as i travelled through the atlanta airport , as i rode on the wind 30,000 feet above the country , and as i flew along the metal rails on the prairie , i felt a creeping , nervous apprehension growing in my mind .
i do nt think he s gon na turn that country music down anytime soon .
as they climbed a slight rise , the surrounding country opened up to them .
just hearing that country name made me step back a little .
dr . ritter had been in the country with his wife and five children for over ten years .
gabs could have passed for a small country town in britain .
i would deal with experienced detectives and not with country yokels .
after a few weeks i felt no longer like a country bumpkin in the big city lights .
this was for uncouth country folk .
the modest home was a quaint double - story house set in an english country garden .
not far down the winding country road , he was forced to stop his land rover for a herd of majestic elephants .
here i was , an absolute greenhorn in a land rover on a remote stretch of country road in africa , staring some grey behemoths with flapping ears right in the eye .
i made the startling discovery that gaborone locals loved country & western music .
boredom in kang is probably messing with those country bumpkins .
he lacked both country charm and city slick sophistication , i giggle .
that s some big pile of country cow patties , mama .
at age ten years we moved to a larger property out in the country near penrith .
if they were transported to the city they would be as lost as most of the coastal dwellers would be alone out in the country .
after leaving my rural work on station properties behind and moving to tamworth , a large country town , i quickly became involved with the amateur musical society which was a very active group .
the race was over semi flat country , but each stage was long , four hundred kilometres at least .
back in good health , alice was able to train him in dressage and went on to win many championships and also to compete in cross country events over huge jumps .
my next move was off to a stock and station agent to find a job in the country .
my regret is that i did nt rent a house and stay put as i had a reasonable well paid job , but with my country background i did nt think about the possibility of renting as i knew nothing about it and it never entered my mind .
now thirty - seven , shed come out of her native chattanooga ten years earlier to achieve success as a cross over country artist and tv star who recently began making a name for herself in motion pictures .
in an elegant little country chateau in burgundy a freshly bathed anya kovich put on clean clothes and prepared to sit down to the first decent meal shed had in days .
she agreed and they walked together into the stone floored great hall with its charming country furniture and massive fireplaces at either end of the chamber .
she had to admit , the faded blue xks with two blond country club types aboard made a slow pass by her parking .
if any agents had been alerted by the vision he d been shown , they d surely lost him by now , he thought contentedly , looking from left to right down the deserted country road , dark woods and fields stretching off uninterrupted on both sides .
the only problem was that if they realized just who thomas family was in the old country then he would nt be safe .
jerry sighed deeply , this was already taking longer than it should and he had a tee time to make over at the country club .
helena asked seeing the country road they took would bring them along the east side of the park .
but what happened was that somehow they bonded very closely , especially when eliza had fallen at the osbergs country club they belonged to .
his horse , a tiny sorrel mare , was nt cut out for this sort of mad dash across country .
they rode south for two more hours , nena in the lead and muddy in the rear , working their way toward brackettville through rough and isolated country .
he had nt thought anything of it at the time , rocksprings being on the edge of german hill country .
everyone looked up when billy finally arrived at the country estate outside madrid .
one of those locomotive horns can carry for ten miles out in the country .
` ` let 's just say we did some experiments out in the country when i was a kid and leave it at that ? ''
there 's a whiny country song blaring over the ceiling speakers and a lot of fat guys in denim jeans and plaid , flannel shirts lumbering around in high heeled , shit kicker , leather cowboy boots .
some of them are loading arctic weather gear into the back of the suvs while others are attaching cross country skis , poles and snow shoes to the roof .
it 's not easy livin out in the country without heat once the wind begins to blow . ''
i hate country music .
taylor swifts country music started blasting through the cars speakers , and i slumped down in my seat .
to my dislikethey were either country or pop .
the cars we followed turned off the main dirt trail onto sister trails that lead throughout the hill country .
the van started , and we began our bumpy trip through hill country and to our unknown destination .
we approached a small clearing within the hill country and gabriel stopped when we reached it .
on new year 's day , months later , i came back to my old flat after a long walk in the country , and i saw a police van parked in the same spot where i had got my ticket .
it was night and as i sped up the country lane i ran over a hare .
` ` that 's no problem , we 're out in the country . ''
here , the boys could go to the pub in newburgh , take a few walks in the country , then they would have nothing else to do but come back to the hall and play .
they were really knocked over by the experience of being out in the country ; they had been on the road for a long while , ceaselessly voyaging from city to city , living in hotel rooms .
the distance was no more than a few days ride over fairly smooth country .
but they would also spend a large part of the trip hiking through rugged hill country .
` ` this makes your trip to steal the barrier wand from mistress jane look like a nice stroll down a country lane .
` ` so , miss purty legs , '' he said as they walked down a long country road in the twelfth reality .
the country girls coming to town - it always works for me .
that s hard country out there .
now that you re gone , and were here , every country lump thinks to place their daughters with us so they can gain a safe introduction to the city life .
too many country people think the high mayor is made of gold and come searching for easy jobs .
at least it was pretty country up here .
cross country , i could see , but tennis ?
if i could nt sit outside at night and listen to the silence , i d have moved to the country long ago .
he loved king and country .
of course , the wastelands were miles away from here , and what had so changed them was but a distant memory now , yet it still reverberated in the hearts and minds of the people who called this country home .
one or two a day across the country , and twice that across the continent .
take care of him , for he is a gift to this town , and to the country .
they spent more time playing in the country than truly working on her skills .
it 's beautiful country .
are more werewolves detained in cities or in the country ?
most of the ones we ' ve detained have lived in small country towns .
you see , we lived out in the country , so the dogs tended to fuss anytime a raccoon or a possum would come into our yard .
some wealthy widows who lived at the time in the country just outside of daeva took a liking to this boy .
cheft biron 's country estate was one of the few fortified refuges in noras .
some were fine country houses upstate , and some were luxury penthouses complete with doormen , cold rooms and garden terraces .
is n't that what the country chaps are calling it nowadays ... feasting with wool blankets in the wild and whatnot .
we came to a wall composed primarily of shelves displaying country knickknacks like ceramic roosters , painted pigs , and various arrangements of plastic fruit , then entered a secondary dining room .
tires slid on wet pavement as we tore out of the parking lot and back onto the country highway .
then , we were off , back down the country road toward the highway .
ill have the country fried steak and green beans , adam said .
tagan savored the sights and smells as they rolled through farm country .
shirking other self - imposed duties , he let the dogs join him for a casual country drive .
as she strolled back down the dark country lane , certain aspects of their conversation came to mind .
kate had an idea what the high whine was but was unaccustomed to them in that part of the country , let alone out on a rural road .
it was n't until we pulled up along a country lane and turned down a gravelly driveway that i finally shifted my head from staring out the passenger window and glanced through the windscreen instead .
we d parked next to a barn , and just around the corner , i saw a lovely country house open out before us .
he recited the address to rhanes newly acquired country estate .
texans like anything as long as it 's rock'n'roll or country .
his family snuck them in from the old country .
in order to be closer to maes parents , the mccourtneys make the move to the gold country of northern california .
the pace of his travels had been relentless , crossing the state one day , crossing the country the next , performing twice some days .
instead of retracing the meandering route of the hunt , the group cut straight across country back to the river camp .
the stories of back country men - at - arms that got their noses bloodied by a simple vagabond , thal countered as he planned how to discredit the wild tales that would surely billow from the region like the smoke of a forest fire .
they slipped off the road , careful to leave scant trail , and started cross country toward the river .
exhausted after his hard cross country trek to the town , he fell asleep .
that s one of my primary reasons for living in my country castle , he said .
shutting his eyes , he said , please take me back into the country .
their commander had roused them in the middle of the night to hunt werewolves and then oddly followed a little dog into the country .
he was tired and trying to interrogate some foreign noble on a country road was likely a poor use of his time .
mostly in the country .
this country bully from rosenberg castle wo nt know me .
you should leave the boys in the country for a while .
martin must have sent them to the country , she surmised .
the lyrics : twins brothers were born sons of darkness and night they wait until the end of day when you turn off the light one brother has three sons who carry the world 's dreams and when you enter their domain nothing is as it seems refrain : lie down ; close your eyes fall into darkness so deep past dreams and silence waits the brother of sleep the other brother has no sons there are no dreams to carry there is only one place to go across the river on the ferry everyone tries to run away and he will never pursue because if you can not stop for him he will kindly stop for you refrain every night in an act of trust the waking world fades to black we surrender and only hope we 're waiting for us when we get back refrain x2 track 8 - bad seed the interview : kelly : this next track has a country rhythm to it .
we just thought a country rhythm was the best music for the lyrics .
lee : so we can do country but not ac ?
some of the men were rather rough and tired looking as talon and himself were after travelling the open country .
it was times like these that reminded me that i remain just a country lad at heart .
i could imagine some of the girls i knew , simple country girls like iole or omphale , quite enjoying themselves .
my husband james for driving me through texas hill country to explore settings for this story ( and not stopping at too many antique stores ) .
sal asked in a gruff voice with a strong country twang .
while charming , with its wood floors , rugged ceiling beams , and large country kitchen , the house was drafty , and she had neither the time nor the energy to deal with wood - burning fires .
wide cement steps leading up the wraparound porch were painted country blue , as were the shutters .
a two - piece band played guitar and banjo and sang country ballads , while the names of those whose tables were now available were scrawled on the huge blackboard and then erased with amazing speed .
well , if you want something besides the busy bee , which closes at eight on sundays anyway , you can head up 165 . the country kitchen has good food and stays open until nine , every day of the week .
he drove north on 165 and found the country kitchen .
we pulled up to a modest , but beautiful country farmhouse .
he loved the lakes and streams of the high country .
a stream flowed through the village , pouring down out of the hill country to the south .
there had been no protection for the great cities ; no protection even for the open country .
after that we shall have to forage on the country , then , said the army officer .
we have foraged on the country , and have collected a supply that i reckon will last this fleet for at least a month .
it spread upwards from london - initially leaving the west country entirely unaffected .
such a positive godsend for the lovers of the marvellous had not appeared in the country side within the memory of that sapient individualthe oldest inhabitant .
finally , he came to the door of his father 's plaza - side manor the other manors were either in less busy parts of the city or out in the country and nodded slightly to the servant who opened the door for him .
in the summer , when her studio was closed to coincide with the school year , she spent a week in the country with a childhood friend .
her friend who she had been riding with lived out in the country , so she was n't nearby enough to visit daily .
the horse stood with head hanging and sides heaving , a merry ride in the country could not account for the pitiful creature 's state , no matter how far and hard they had ridden .
one leads a monotonous life in the country , when compared with the brilliancy of a court existence .
as we are near neighbours i see no reason why we should not be good friends , and often interchange such civilities as make up the amenities of existence , and which , in the country , more particularly , are valuable .
the surrounding country was irrigated until it fairly bloomed with gigantic vegetation and flowers ; the canals were carefully regulated with locks so that the supply of water was under complete control ; the display of magnificent metallic buildings of all kinds and sizes produced a most dazzling effect , and the protection against enemies afforded by the innumerable fortifications surrounding the ringed city , and guarding the neighbouring lands , seemed complete .
she and her two companions were attempting to get to caer pedryfan in north wales , following up a note eloise had read in the journal of a dead occultist in the west country .
he said it was a new beginning for us , out in the country with fresh air and religious people .
you wo nt have to drive until we are out in the country .
she found an upbeat song with a country twang she thought would help keep her awake until the drink kicked in .
said demo as if he was about to start singin a country music song .
the talent scouts were about to give - up on country music .
fly sings country and float sings r & b .
it was n't often that he could feel at ease with himself , but out there in the country roads , with kipper as his only companion , it did n't seem such a bad way to live .
this was wild country , far from the prying eyes of civilized soldiers , and this was where men like smithe and wollander made their meals .
we might sound country , but we are smart as a whip , she replied .
` those are my subalterns , all 7 of them , and as mirabrasantes has told you we 're going up to the north country to take back a walled town that was stolen from her majesty queen brittany cohen - schwartz .
anyway , to get to the first thing on the agenda - the second thing on the agenda is the conquest of a fortified city , which will be executed by subterfuge and cunning - but the first thing on the agenda is simply getting to this walled city - and this involves hiking across 500 miles of lowland country , and then crossing 50 miles of high mountains .
try to embrace the invigorating aspects of the cold barren wastes of the north country .
all we can find is some women and a crowd of kids up in the high country .
lord abington had also returned briefly to the hampshire country manor belonging to his family ; long enough only to attend to his wifes burial , and to fetch his daughter back with him .
she nodded , calm , as if this conversation were happening elsewhere , in a quiet room , or in a field out in the country .
he watched them come , four country boys , big sons - of - bitches , who reckoned they were about to teach him a lesson about messing with the local women .
good patriotic country people were suckers for a wounded veteran .
then came a picture of his beloved grandparents , standing together on a country road .
our band on open country boldly took its stand , as tribal drums and trumpets raised a din to mask the second thoughts we felt within .
no ape alive remembers eden 's land , but are n't there tales , remembered by your band , of country where the very brambles sway aside , to keep from getting in your way -- where every leaf is pleasing to the sight , and nature all conspires for your delight ?
i 'll tell my folk what you advise , though we 're as liable to go deep as we are to flee the country .
quadling country .
plenty of time for a trip to the country .
nobles go out to the country all the time .
as your mistress , i command you , prepare us for a journey into the country , et cetera and so on .
they d had some barn - burning screaming matches when dardan was young , with the eventual result that besiana spent all her time in callaston , while asmus stayed in the country .
liam had been his valo for a few months alreadynobles were only supposed to have valai once they came of age at sixteen , but asmus had declared there was no sense waiting , and who would care , out there in the country ? and had taken him to a little brothel on the edge of hedenham town .
alas , guards at a country manor have much in the way of idle time , and i ended up helping lord dardan with his studies .
this is what comes of you spending all your time in the country .
unless you have a country estate i m unaware of , we would be honored to host you at our manor in hedenham county , the seat of house tarian .
an extended stay in the country would be an ordeal of another sort , but one for which she was much better prepared .
many folknobles , mainly , since they had country estateshad fled the city .
finally dyane gave him leave to go , if he wished , but also offered him a permanent position , working in the stables at her familys house out in the country .
the princess seemed satisfied with the general truththat aside from her mysterious power , amira was an ordinary noblewoman who had gone to a lords country manor as part of courting .
she gazed around the crowd , reveling in the simple pleasure of a country dance .
this was a town house , not a country house , and the decor proved it .
for months shed expected a big country wedding in hedenham towns square , so to carry it out on the spur of the moment in a strange town had been thrilling and confusing .
all during the day , as shed scrubbed and thrashed at linens , shed begun to allow herself a fantasy of staying here forever , an anonymous servant girl in an unremarkable country manor , not hunted or wanted by anyone .
baron parvis had graciously lent katin a horse , saying that speed was of the essence and that they should not take the risk of a single horse carrying two riders in the dark , even over well - travelled country roads .
the house was really no different from any of a dozen other country houses liam had visited , usually with dardan on some official errand .
razh watched them intently as his house major ushered them all into a sitting room , decorated with such detail that dardan almost forgot they were in a fortress , not a manse or country house .
i m unaccustomed to riding so long through open country as his majesty has had us doing .
my ancestors have lived in the city most of their lives , so we may not have the full scent range that jake may have , who s family is from the country .
they had parked up off a remote country road and then hopped over a fence to find themselves in a small field adjacent to an immense forest .
i avoid contact with my peers and spend most of my time in my country home not many miles distant from the work site .
ellie could not help herself but think what a strange trio they must make wandering along a country road in their long , antiquated dresses .
in the front of the car , ellie sat beside the middle - aged woman who was driving them on a country road in what she hoped was the general direction of london .
by midmorning they were already entering the rather steep hill country and the horses were slowed because of it .
i have been obliged to investigate the north country much longer than i expected , but things are better there now , and i am hoping not to have to return . ''
in fields , in houses , and along the roads , in the city and in the country alike , the cry of death rang out its pernicious peals of grief !
the drive back seemed to take forever , the cityscape fading into country lanes , and after an eternity on the road we were motioned through the gate onto the campus of the directorate .
you re right : you d likely make it out of the minneapolis area , maybe even out of the state and the country , but he d track you down eventually .
after a few minutes we cleared the low lying river country and found ourselves zipping down a road with farms on either side .
at first they were following the highway , headed west , but then they turned away and crossed over open country .
on many rides he would come upon wizardry and together silently glide over hills and open country .
he had what would be called in country folk a ruddy complexion , very ruddy , but it had little to do with an outdoor life .
' and , ' the troll continued menacingly , ' did you , or did you not , own the barrel , marked mudbucket 's ridiculously strong for no good reason old country ale , which , having been left outside , in direct sunlight , exploded not one hour ago , causing extensive damage to several yards of cobbled paving , numerous shop - fronts , and an unspecified amount of passers - by . '
once azif is inside this seemingly invisible wagon the driver , who , to all intents and purposes , is nothing more than a country bumpkin come up to town to sell his wares , will suddenly unveil himself as ... you , probably , who just happens to be the best driver since , well , that shoemaker bloke who was a really , really good driver- ' ' amazing , ' said robin in disbelief .
' you lived on a bloody great country estate ?
that trail would lead me out of the back country to a resort .
i m pretty sure kennan will kill you if i have to haul your heavy butt out of the back country .
in fact , i m quite sure hauling your heavy self out of the back country would kill me , '' i said with a giggle , to which ian smacked my arm playfully .
over the next few pages of the book , it was patently clear that father and daughter loved each other so much that they delighted in enjoying the simplest pleasures together ; repairing a wheel of the caravan , taking a walk in a country lane , mixing paints for the posters and puppets .
the hill bandits most likely would be along those western roads , picking off merchant trains and unwary travelers , so we shall head across country , marching as quick as we can to avoid all of that bother .
but father brion had not always been a country priest , nor was he as ignorant as the villagers , canny as they were at tilling their fields and raising their stock .
and i think i might be quite happy in a simple country church , serving the needs of the common people .
the barons manor house was in the country , and the priest had sent a message on ahead .
when no one answered , he knocked again , wondering if the person who d told him the baron was in the country had been misinformed .
folk in the city said they d heard the young prince , father jared , had left the palace for some little known country church in baron malkines holding .
i live in a little known country village myself , amandie said with a smile .
kip saved her by saying , she s a bit of a thing we picked up on the road , a real country lass .
disdainful countesses made fun of her country accent , which she was trying hard to mend , and overly familiar barons looked at her in much the same way that baron malkine hadas though she was something to eat , much like one of the chocolate - filled pastries that were the cooks signature dessert .
the rosemary she had bundled into her apron was still wet ; it gave off a scent more powerful and fresh than any of the perfumes which amandie had smelled on any of the disdainful countesses , the ones who liked to comment on her quaint country accent .
she left in style , going to live at one of the royal country estates which people said that the new king had generously given to her ; still , on the whole it was unsettling .
and who would imagine that a man of royal blood would become a priest orwhat was more unusuala humble country priest , at that ?
he had a small retinue which accompanied him to one of the royal country estatesthe easternmost one , which was near to olcasse .
once in the country , the king let his housekeeper know that he would take a few weeks to himself , to rest and relax , and would prefer not to be disturbed by anyone .
lush green forests , mountains , fields , grass lands , and winding rivers were scattered about the country side .
end of book one about the author brian hutchinson was born in a small , country town in west virginia .
ashleys dad is the country sheriff here , so when he sees anything odd that might point to wolves , he works with the pack to figure things out .
the farm was really her familys country estate , but she did nt like to call it that .
despite the hectic pace of the past several hours , hours spent prepping for a meet - the - in - laws dinner at my parents home hosted in honor of my older sisters recent engagement , i felt my nerves quieting under the serenity of the country scene .
so comfy and practical for running country roads at home , they were stupid and out of place in this unknown , elegant world : a degradation to aerisian floors of glossy , pink - and - silver marble .
you played the juke box only if you liked country music , for the only rock 45 's were ` ` carry on '' by crosby , stills & nash , and ` ` rhiannon '' by fleetwood mac , those being favorite selections of bosky 's daughter nan , who made an appearance only during school holidays.if you wanted a better juke , or real entertainment , or even to play pool , there were dozens of better places on route 50 , within ten miles in either direction of mayfield , colorado .
the temperature had been warmer here than in the country , and the streets were wet with slush .
it was country rock music , as bobby would have called it .
see , a drummer 's worst enemy is country music , and that 's what we used to play , until we started rocking it up a bit .
but country is still country , and a good drummer will always want to strut his stuff . ''
but country is still country , and a good drummer will always want to strut his stuff . ''
it was country all right ; but it was indian too .
a solo came his way , a long one , and he poured himself into it , playing pedal steel as country as country gets .
a solo came his way , a long one , and he poured himself into it , playing pedal steel as country as country gets .
they walked to school while the country kids had to ride the bus .
although secretly sometimes ivy was jealous because the country kids raised lambs or calves and showed them at the fair .
alright , yeah , the country is as pretty as a picture , and the folks are ace - high , and know how to have a hog - killin ' time of it .
could a man like aaron possibly love such a simple country girl ?
she still could not quite believe that aaron wanted to marry her , a simply country girl .
it will take some time to organize , and they will be slow exiting the city ; but once in open country , they will be swift .
we used to have a dance now and then , when all us country folk would hoof into the city one way or another .
chapter six henrietta never usually left town ; she was n't one for the country .
those are the reed girls , my country friend .
morning , she replied , immediately regretting the common country greeting .
the quiet noises of the city sounded like an ill - tuned orchestra to a country girl and made her wince , tossing and turning .
safely at my wifes mothers house in the country , thank the gods !
only because he spies on his fellow country men and gives up their names .
in the late afternoon of the second day the alpine road began to dip and they could see the low country some twenty or thirty miles away .
into the high country , into the mountains .
what is the country like we will be going through tomorrow ?
they had found the first , despoiled the second and got within spitting distance of the third , when the revelation that the country life was one of hunger and monotony caused them to return to town with dreams of grandeur and a sack full of toads .
they pounded over streams and fens , beat hard the roofs of foxes ' dens , o'er tumbled stones of country kirk , through lych - gates half lost in the murk .
about the author elisabeth wheatley is a teen author of the texas hill country .
liberty now has a country - marquis de lafayette chapter 10 - everyone thinks of changing the world , but no one thinks of changing himself .
you were supposed to have been taken with josie and vincent to live in the country with a nice family .
when he was at the beer hall , instead of his country estate , steelstrom favoured the small , narrow ante room that was to be found on the first floor .
we drove for about an hour into the country , until dad turned left onto a dirt road .
and a bigger obstacle than the rough country is the incredible weight of popular sentiment in this realm .
she might have to save a bit of extra cash for a ferry crossing or two , but her assigned route , like all the others , lay through populated farming country with enough small towns an easy days walk apart to provide accommodation every night .
it was a pleasant little country hostel : nothing special , but well lit and freshly whitewashed inside .
the old man also does nt want him skewered in a minor brawl out in the back country , as you might guess .
i m no more qualified to get along in the real world than a barmaid at a country inn .
she had been assured that his county seat , out in the north country , was much more impressive .
it was now 8:00pm and the sheeps stirrup had transformed from a quiet country pub into a heady mix of chatter , laughter , music and dancing .
* * * as aiden ambled along one of the quiet country roads that led out of town , he was reminded how extraordinarily clean the air smelled here , and that was something he d noticed as soon as he d arrived .
i could boil an entire lake , but i do n't do that to amuse a pair of rude country girls . ''
mothers smile falters , your aunt is not in the country ?
this part of the city is much greener , almost looking like a country side.a lone road with greenery around gives way to what i can see as rows and rows of houses in the distance .
the only snag was her aunt lived far out in the country : it felt like dreamer was on the other side of earth .
when did you get back in the country ?
a lady in the country has them made for me , all the time .
there were bookshelves full of brick - a - brack , papers piled on tables , throw rugs on top of carpeting , a crowded mantle over the fireplace , vases full of dried flowers , folk - sy , country art on the walls , and seemingly endless frilly pillows on the over - stuffed , flower print sofa .
most of the back country roads should be cleared up by the weekend .
there s an old television show i saw on the internet about a dude roaming the country with a bedroll searching for his zen .
leaning back there , she watched the sun set slowly across the valley behind the house , admiring how clear and crisp the colors appeared out in the country .
griffin had taken to doing odd jobs for others who lived out in the country and needed the help , and helped pippa when she had more work than expected .
in the morning i woke up late , the fragrance of a huge country breakfast wafting all through the house .
after twenty minutes had gone by both vehicles reached the bottom of the mountain and the road levelled out into flat country , where the trees were sparse and large square cornfields and farms stretched as far as the horizon .
they started south before they hit the road back to hobton , cutting cross country .
big but not fat with a big black beard he appeared to be somebody who had worked his life in the country and had a big , red , happy face .
twenty - five matara keno stood on the balcony of the palace , peering out beyond mataras walls and into the dark country .
kurayne threw his hands out , open to the wide country that had been half ruined by one king and his army .
look at the country .
in the yellow light powdering the country , it no longer looked so sparse and so empty .
but there was little he could do until that fateful moment so he contented himself in enjoying the thrill of the ride and the charming country over which he flew .
the man returned to the king with his report of the infamous physician and shared in the kings rightful mirth , but just because the king was satisfied did not mean that other tongues would cease their wagging , and soon the legend of doctor fell grew to such proportions that no one could now recognize the horrendous villain that was the unassuming country doctor of that pleasant little village and many wondered at the unfortunate coincidence of their sharing a now infamous name .
that hath been cool 'd a long age in the deep - delved earth , tasting of flora and the country green , dance , and provenal song , and sunburnt mirth !
it was now midsummer and the colt had spent nearly a month a captive , traveling as fast as gort could push his horses , so it would be well into early autumn before they reached the pegassis country afoot .
the world suddenly seemed to crumple and the maze folded away to be replaced by a grassy lawn and a stately new england country manor .
i can roam the countryside or ride dragons or spaceships , '' he said , as the pop - up world around them turned from the country manor to a fantasy world to a science fiction one .
lenore : no , we 're not , anymore than we 're an ' 80s pop band or a progressive metal band or a country band .
lee : so if we picked , say , alt rock as our genre , but the song needed a country beat , we either force the song into a genre it does n't fit , or leave it out entirely .
i mean , unless we decided to make a country album .
apart from these small attractions , it is like any other park in the country , sections of green with a network of cobblestoned pathways along with an interspersion of various trees .
while she had been moving from the 80s rock section to the country section of the store , she had happened to pass by the local indie collection , and it was here that this sixth cd had slipped out of its slot from one of the shelves and furtively dropped itself straight down in to her bag .
and every once in a while the trees would part , and the view from the mountain trail would open up to miles and miles of open country .
the normally deadly efficient lancers were trained to fight at the gallop and in open country .
now the two - mile trudge past rye and oats and woods to the ramshackle slap - dash country place they call les cossons and which he calls paradis .
he could have written back but with the loss of the apartment and her marvelous mother ( he weeps at that ) and their country place , marie - claude is faint and impoverished , one - dimensional , like the photos , stripped of the great associations .
but the country surrounding it was so fortified with towers , forts , walls and castles that it made very little difference .
i ve heard half man and his pack are in the country at the moment , muttered brood .
their destination turned out to be a lookout on one of the rare hill tops which thrust out of the flat , barren country .
it did nt matter if they worshipped blues , soul , country , or rap , so long as they were loud and earnest .
kolram 's memory had been so visceral , that it was jarring to find himself riding through the country of helos .
every flame day , the bear wreaked havoc in the towns and country , but always with tears in his eyes .
this is the time when many children realize that grandpa does nt work at the country clubs golf course .
concentrate on the surrounding country , so we can get a fix on his location .
batarr knew of another , more difficult route , which would take them through country that was rarely travelled .
on the radio played some country song that took his mind away from his stressful day as he waited for the lights and sirens to come up from behind him anytime .
~~~ as the sun rose , haegatess led her two disheveled and splinted captives to a large country estate outside the city .
chapter nine betrayal awyn strode the country lanes .
hiding her bow and quiver under a low shrub , she made herself look as much like an innocent country girl as possible and walked up the path .
as country roads go , the way gently curled back and forth , over and around the rolling hills , pastures and farms .
yeh know , we may be simple country folk , and it may be we see the world a bit differnt , but we ai nt stupid .
a hundred beothuk tribes could be hidden in the rough country and no one would ever see them .
its the backside of the country out there , and they know every stranger that shows up .
being educated in the country certainly has nt spoiled his wit .
oh , just in the normal , country fashion .
i m afraid we dine and retire rather early out here in the country .
it was sort of cute , she thought , with she and her host the only couple on the dance floor , the orchestra merely a country fiddle , a bass and an oboe .
dallya spent the next few minutes giving aleria all the minute details of life in a country manor .
no telling what she might be doing today , and the country ham looked especially good , the egg yolks a bright yellow she was not used to seeing in the city .
here in the country , i suspect you outrank most of the local nobility , and do nt think they wo nt know it .
not out here in the country .
she trotted her mare along the country road , enjoying the movement , the air cooling her face and the beauty of the changing leaves .
by the time the workers returned to claim their broods at the end of the day , aleria knew a great deal more about life in a country manor , and what being the daughter of an impoverished hero really meant .
i gather its a country custom , this habit of marrying all the singles off to each other at the drop of a glove .
the ladies are so bored out here in the country .
your family seems very progressive , at least to us , out in the country .
once again , aleria was treated to a tour of a country estate , and to a view of the lord dealing with his tenants .
after all , part of her reason for making herself useful was to escape the crushing boredom of country life .
you sit here in your cute little manor house with your dancing master and your fencing master , i m not sure which is which , listening to this country band you call an orchestra , eating swill that some charlatan has persuaded you is high cuisine , while your whole demesne falls to pieces around you .
it was late in the evening of the wedding day when she had a final word with the bride before her new husband whisked her off to honeymoon at his rustic country seat , to bask in the autumn colours of the mighty forests of the northwest .
both parts of the city were pretty thin in radius this close to the channel and this far east , and so it was nt long before they emerged out of the belt and into the flat , open country .
looking out , he could see even the tallest towers in the heart of the city below , and could see all the way out to the belt and the country beyond .
the fiery lights of the city and the dark steel buildings faded out to a low field of yellows and oranges in the belt , and finally to an even navy field out in the country .
he d be much faster out in the country , he knew .
he knew he was somewhere out in the country by now although he could nt see where specifically .
and something fresh , like country air .
she recognized the hilly vista before her as the view behind her grandparents country home upstate , where she used to visit all the time when she was little .
they had both lived in a decent sized city all their lives , yet as far as this sight was concerned , they may as well have been country bumpkins ; nothing prepared you for flying into new york city over the ocean on a clear , moonlit night .
chapter 4 grief after a while , the woodland through which they had been passing ever since meeting with basalt seemed to move back , leaving more open country .
one day , as the couple was travelling through wooded country and it was getting dusk , they found themselves in a clearing , so decided to rest for the night .
these important people sometimes have business to attend to in other places , as well as other homes in the country .
i do nt think hell be at his country residence at this time of the year , replied fero .
elves loved the natural world and felt stifled if they could not get outside into the woods and open country .
she then told them that she had hardly been out of the city and knew little of the surrounding country beyond the immediate area around the city and could not in all honesty say whether there was a valley such as sillaran described .
it was pleasant country , on the east of the mountains of doom , on a coastal strip between the mountains and the bay of pelimar .
since her disappearance , the duke had rarely been seen in the town , and was planning to leave for his estate in the country just as soon as the ceremonies were over .
fero was a man of the wilderness who hated to be bottled up in towns while randa was a sophisticated heiress , well used to living in the cities of the country and mixing with nobility and royalty .
in quite another place , on a fine manor in the country , lived a brother and sister with only each other for company .
the remaining patrolmen resumed their interrupted circuit while baye and jace continued what should have been a quiet ride through the country on a brilliant fall day .
as the day brightened , they gaped to recognize the country through which they rode .
jace silently wondered what umboria and its residents would think if they arrived back in the country to find baye already there , also in the guise of prince caire .
an hour of climbing in the rocky hill country brought them to the mouth of a cave wherein the unicorn said his master and the beast were secreted .
could he not quietly disappear to his country estates and hunt contentedly in obscurity and not cause a scene ?
they ran hard all day on the shortest road out of the country .
the horse did not wish to go back into captivity but he and the boy had discussed it and if things went ill with the boy , the horse could easily escape once someone took him out of the great walled city for a ride in the country .
the griffin flew back to its lair high atop a bluff overlooking a great river that flowed through that forested hill country .
i have been looking for people with balance , woodsmen , country people and the like . ''
they were the ones i socialized with , hung out at the country club with , shopped with , but i could nt turn my back on any of them .
especially not careless enough to lose her all the way cross country .
jump over the country border , down south , and never be seen again .
the man who would go across the country for a bag full of gold .
could it be that they were heading to the south country ?
go back to your country red head , barvoch gave once last annoying laugh and finished with , as for you , my lady , do nt forget to think about me when you are opening your legs for other men .
the time has come , she said with a strident voice , the south country has hindered us for far too long .
if richards mind was not at its sharpest , then the south country would reign over burnahdujf .
we fought the south country with king richards army .
still , the place did nt seem stripped of country .
today ends the quiet life of the country girl .
before i became a sealed member of this family , i spent part of a summer travelling like a gypsy , across the country with ember , tray and willow .
they have all seen me do gymnastics , twirl a baton and dance from ballet to country line and everything in between .
they were greeted at the door by the country manager of the company , her name was susan deck .
one of fathers barons had brought his daughter along for a ride in the country .
she was fortunate to get the same second story room , which featured polite country decoration , a claw tub with gold finishing , and a small iron fenced terrace .
were in hill country over here , so i guess a nice farm girl will do .
she needed to herd all of the wolves out of the city and back to the country , to the mountains , where it was uninhabited and ultimately safer .
the country bumpkin listens !
cassius hints that the letters may make their way out of the country .
maybe the gypsies knew they were less mysterious to those who lived in the city , as compared to those who lived in the country .
outside the city in the country ?
every flame day , the bear wreaked havoc in the towns and country , but always with tears in its eyes .
sometimes small and sometimes large , kondrastibar at its greatest extent rose from the many - fingered shores of the coast , sprawled across the rich tropical delta of the river kron , marched over the dry but fertile plain of yuclo , groped through the soulful mists of the thousand - lakes region , scaled the cliffs and gorges of the hill country , and finally climbed the ever - steepening sides of the great mountain archonect , almost up to the tree - line .
a drifter of the verday country .
maybe in the country .
i 'd left him a quivering mass curled beside a lonely country road .
` ` one afternoon by a quiet country road , '' he said .
they still tell stories in a lonely part of scotland border country of a laird who raped and murdered a local girl .
i ' m only a country girl , amara , but i ' m not an idiot .
` ` besides , '' bernard drawled , ` ` it 's a lovely morning for a ride in the country with a pretty girl .
` ` she is n't in the country anymore , fidelias .
corn country ! ''
up its fountain - stair to a country fair of ever - eve i came , far from the seas , climbing into meadows of fluttering shadows : flowers lay there like fallen stars , and on a blue pool , glassy and cool , like floating moons the nenuphars .
act one the stew of mankind one stealing the sunrise dawn had never been so quiet in the country .
in the country , the sun came with life .
chapter four let the midnight special shine its light on me let the midnight special shine its ever - lovin ' light on me - '' the midnight special , '' traditional shadow and wednesday ate breakfast at a country kitchen across the street from their motel .
in the old country she would wake to open the gates , and let our father drive his - uhm , i forget the word , like a car but with horses ? ''
they left the interstate at madison , and drove past the dome of the capitol building , another perfect snow - globe scene in the falling snow , and then they were off the interstate and driving down country roads .
as soon as he got out into open country he pulled off onto an empty tractor path on the side of the road , and he parked by a snow - spotted stubbly field in which a slow procession of fat black wild turkeys walked like a line of mourners ; he turned off the engine , stretched out in the backseat , and fell asleep .
so my grampaw , he got to figgerin ' , and when a really cold day like this come along he 'd take my grarnmaw , and the kids , my uncle and my aunt and my daddy - he was the youngest - and the serving girl and the hired man , and he 'd go down with them to the creek , give 'em a little drink of rum and herbs , it was a recipe he 'd got from the old country , then he 'd pour creek water over them .
shadow parked his car at the edge of town , and walked along the side of the road , a winding , country road that curled around the hills to the east of the town .
town 's ford explorer had a global positioning system , a little screen that listened to the satellites and showed the car its location , but he still got lost once he got south of blacksburg and onto the country roads : the roads he drove seemed to bear little relationship to the tangle of lines on the map on the screen .
eventually he stopped the car in a country lane , wound down the window and asked a fat white woman being pulled by a wolfhound on its early - morning walk for directions to ashtree farm .
he kept going for another forty minutes , down country road after country road , none of them the road he sought .
he kept going for another forty minutes , down country road after country road , none of them the road he sought .
it did not seem to matter which road he took , which direction he drove down the narrow country lanes - the twisting virginia back roads that must have begun , he was sure , as deer trails and cowpaths - eventually he would find himself passing the farm once more , and the hand - painted sign , ash .
the drive through the tennessee mountain country had been startlingly beautiful whenever the storm had eased , and nerve - wracking whenever the rain had pelted down .
she 'd stayed loyal to him instead of going all country club with her accession to money .
though some country people tend to be more practical about animals than city people , plenty of the inhabitants of doraville would be disgusted at the pain inflicted on cats and squirrels and the odd dog ... especially if the cats and the dog turned out to be somebody 's pets .
five minutes from it would take us almost anywhere : into the older part of doraville or out into the country .
i ' m out of my element as it is out here in the country .
but when isak cranked the engine , garth brooks crooned a country tune as the vehicle backed up , then headed forward .
he had said enough that laurence might without undue speculation imagine the sort of treatment which had driven tharkay to abandon country and companionship for his present solitary existence , beholden to none and of none , which to laurence seemed utterly barren , a waste of a man proven worthy of something better ; and stretching out his hand he said earnestly , ` ` if you can believe it so in this case , then give me your word , and take mine - i hope i may in safety promise to give no less than full measure of loyalty to any man who gives me his , and i think i would be sorrier to lose you than i yet know . ''
he 'd grown up close to her , to bernard , and in the rough frontier country they lived in , toil and hazard built up trust in one another to a much greater degree than in the more settled regions of alera .
maximus nudged his horse into a trot , and a moment later , half an ala of marat cavalry thundered through the captured earthworks and into the country beyond .
out in the country , where people name their furies . ''
it was a four - hour drive through hard , bright , merciless country , and at the end of it i found a town that had a wal - mart , a deserted downtown , one decrepit diner , and - just at the edge of it - a small holiday inn .
really , you wasted a trip ; this is just where i have my country house . ''
he made it sound like he was a landowner back in the old country , titled and bursting with noblesse oblige .
` ` you do n't keep anything at your country house ?
we edged the speed higher , heading for what looked like even more deserted country .
he just said you had gone to visit a sick relative , and that your phone probably just did n't work out in the country .
` ` going to the country .
` ` we lived in a manor house , out in the country .
i was nothing - neither rich nor brilliant , from an unremarkable country family .
we rode back through the city that night , among the still - burning fires and shrieking people , and then out into the darkness of the country .
michael , racked with grief over the loss of his wife , had hidden himself away at his country estate with his young son .
i traveled as the wolf without a pack travels : alone , at night , keeping to the byways and country roads .
since it was full dark and the four hundred plus miles of highway stretching between mexico city and monterrey spanned some pretty desolate country , that made sense , but he never admitted weakness in the old days .
the demarcation from city to country came sharply , and the wide open spaces carried a remoteness you find nowhere in the u.s .
with her coppery curls caught up in a pigtail , she radiated country cute .
it was farther out in the country than either of us expected , but when i saw the private landing strip , a feeling of dread boiled up .
` ` a country tradition ? ''
` ` some of these are out in the country , so i suspect this is going to be a long day . ''
chance gave me a look as we followed her into the parlor , furnished in country blue with lots of homemade throw pillows .
the warm and homey aroma wafted from her cook pot , better than a big country hug .
` ` town or country ? ''
good packaging had kept it warm while we drove around country roads after dark , looking for our destination .
we continued in a meandering path around the two streets that made up this country ghetto .
the drive took us through town , which was probably charming , but i was too numb to appreciate such things - and out the other side , where the tighter streets gave way to country roads .
` ` it is the country cottage my father purchased just before the war , where i retreated to lick my wounds after marlena refused me .
he laughed , angling our route toward the desolate country out near the border .
` ` does your heart yearn for a quiet retirement at the end of your service , and a house in the country ? ''
shipley and all the sailors with any skill at needlework had been at it daily , but by now it was more patch than original matter , and three weeks in unfamiliar high country would certainly be past its limits , unless they liked to risk plunging to their deaths upon the jagged mountain - sides of the andes .
` ` this is settled country , '' laurence said , ` ` and i can not imagine hualpa leaving us unwarned of such a peril , if it existed ; nor such incaution as the local populace show , about walking in the open .
the sun was up , the land was half - awake , wet with dew and alive with the smells of a clean country morning .
it ran nearly parallel to long island sound , and in fact turned into a wandering county road through sparsely settled , heavily forested country soon after brennan turned onto it .
from his nine - foot vantage , troll gazed down at jory , cracked his knuckles once more , then closed his huge green hand into a fist the size of a country ham .
it was almost as quiet and peaceful as the country .
beranabus eagerly trudged around the country in search of the tunnel , admiring the torments perpetuated by the demonata .
a muffled rhythmic bass thump from the country bar down the block shivered through metal and skin as she killed the engine , slightly out of tempo with the headache throbbing in her temples .
within seconds we were roaring down the country road , windows open , alice cooper 's ` ` hello hooray '' blaring from the radio .
in the music world , hybrid is a bastard combination of sexual prowess , chugging guitars , and swaggering bass with delicate hints of country blues and latino flavor .
we were into a lot of music together , and though his tastes leaned more towards the blues and country , he picked up hybrid 's first self - titled album on a whim while visiting san francisco .
this was horse country , a more rugged version of home .
i could n't tell if he was making fun of me for being a country bumpkin or what , but he quickly ushered me inside .
a search of the records turned up ridcully the brown who , after becoming a seventh level mage at the incredibly young age of twenty - seven , had quit the university in order to look after his family 's estates deep in the country .
a country wizard .
soll pulled a card out of the stack and read , ' ` ` i sure miss the old mine but for a taste of real country cooking i always ... go ... to ... harp 's ... house ... of ... '' i see . '
in a quiet little inn in a tiny country granny weather - wax sat and regarded the food with deep suspicion .
out in the country .
they were n't just country people , they were the devoutest ones .
healthy country livin ' ? ''
` ` out in the country , '' said tinker the tinker .
` ` la , sir , '' she said , giving him a playful tap that made his ears ring , ` ` you do know how to turn a simple country girl 's head and no mistake ! ''
the moonlight made a black and silver checkerboard across the country .
in b - andit country ?
the ramkin country estates are very extensive , i believe .
it was no life , being a werewolf in the country .
and the country landowners ' association .
out in the country , i heard .
' the country , ' said mr clete .
dangerous place , the country . '
now it was back in the country where it had once been a tree .
others had panicked and broken down the wall and headed out across the country .
in the meantime act three opened with the traditional ballet , this time apparently a country dance by the maidens of the court .
they rode in silence for a while through a rough country where huge limestone blocks lined the track .
' i ' m going to build a house in the flattest country i can find and it 's only going to have a ground floor and i ' m not even going to wear sandals with thick soles - ' the leading torch came around the last turn of the spiral and twoflower looked down on the grinning face of cohen .
many fine old educational establishments had dignified memorials in some hall listing the old boys who had laid down their lives for monarch and country .
a few yards into the park and she might as well be in the country .
we did n't go creeping around the country pinching it out of other people 's hedges , like some people did , ' he snapped .
* his parents , who were uncomplicated country people , had wanted a girl .
colon had always thought that heroes had some special kind of clockwork that made them go out and die famously for god , country and apple pie , or whatever particular delicacy their mother made .
' it 's a country round here , ' said nobby .
' he appears to have gone on a long visit to the country , ' said the patrician .
' weird country , ' he muttered .
he 'd passed another one as he left the canyon country .
he 'd seen something like this out in the red country , although he 'd not been certain that it was art in the way ankh - morpork understood it .
out in the hot country there were n't any handkerchiefs , so people tied a knot in their thoughts .
' you do n't look like a country boy , i must say . '
it was the discworld , which existed only just this side of total improbability and , therefore , in border country .
of course , he did have many of the qualities of a gentleman : he had a place in the country - a far , dark country - was unfailingly punctual , was courteous to all those he met - and sooner or later he met everyone - was well if soberly dressed , at home in any company and , proverbially , a good horseman .
of course , he did have many of the qualities of a gentleman : he had a place in the country - a far , dark country - was unfailingly punctual , was courteous to all those he met - and sooner or later he met everyone - was well if soberly dressed , at home in any company and , proverbially , a good horseman .
now , you see that country down there ? '
a cottage in the country , that sort of thing ? '
it was good thunderstorm country , up here in the ramtop mountains , a country of jagged peaks , dense forests and little river valleys so deep the daylight had no sooner reached the bottom than it was time to leave again .
she had heard that lewd things could happen to country women who were freshly arrived in big cities , and she gripped her handbag until her knuckles whitened .
the viewpoint was very high up and a wide swathe of country lay below her , blue with distance , through which a broad river wriggled like a drunken snake .
there is wild country around us , robbers and - things . ''
that 's chalk country over that way , '' said miss tick .
everyone in the country carried lucky charms , and miss tick had worked out that if you did n't have one , people would suspect that you were a witch .
` ` he said any witches found in the country would be tied up and thrown in the pond .
she knew every inch of the country for two miles around .
we used tae live in the quin 's country , ye ken , but we rebelled against her evil rule- '' ` ` and we did that , an ' then she threw us oout on account o ' bein ' drunk an ' stealin ' and fightin ' a ' the time , '' said daft wullie .
night and day , in all seasons , she was the chalk country : its best shepherd , its wisest woman , and its memory .
there 'll be more'n three hundred witches at the trials , and they 're right out in the country .
' that must be very rare in the country , seeing horses in fields .
the voice sounded like a country boy but it had a ... a scritchy quality to it .
this is the old country talking , boys !
' this is the country edition of the times , ' he said .
now he sees the grassy country on the turnwise slopes of the mountains .
there was no doubt that there was something magical in the soil of that hilly , broken area which - because of the strange tint that it gave to the local flora - was known as the octarine grass country .
soon the shanty suburbs of morpork were left behind and the road ran out into rich black earth country of the sto plain , constructed over eons by the periodic flooding of the great slow ankh that brought to the region prosperity , security and chronic arthritis .
there was a small but well - appointed lamp where he lived during the week , another rather unique lamp in the country , a carefully restored peasant rushlight in an unspoilt winegrowing district near quirm , and just recently a set of derelict lamps in the docks area of ankh - morpork that had great potential , once the smart crowd got there , to become the occult equivalent of a suite of offices and a wine bar .
said nijel , ' i remember it when i was a boy , when you lay in bed on that first morning in winter , and you could sort of taste it in the air and- ' the clouds parted below them and there , filling the high plains country from end to end , were the herds of the ice giants .
' and they stroll around the country , you say ? '
maybe it frightens these country idiots , woman , but it does n't frighten me . '
after all , common sense , he 's got to come five hundred miles across difficult country , anything could happen .
there was a lot of country between ankh - morpork and the ramtops .
they had a certain sameness about them , as if somewhere in the country there was a little press that stamped out small bald men with curly white beards .
what it meant , he realised , was that striding away down the path like an animated rummage stall was the dowager duchess of quirm , who owned more country than you could see from a very high mountain on a very clear day .
it had surprised me that he had his driver 's license , but apparently years before i was born he had left faerie to explore the country .
my kind can fly here in half the time it takes humans to ride across country on horseback . ''
the heat made him miserable , but he loved the country .
` ` oh , think nothing of it , we are grown modern , and often keep town hours even when we are in the country , '' lady catherine cried .
` ` pray how does your mother ; i suppose she has gone to the country ? ''
we had much better get out into wild country and shift for ourselves , where we need n't annoy anyone . ''
` ` once past the mountains the country is too settled ; we will be seen at once by day and perhaps by night also .
extending from the tuileries towards the bastille , it continued the line of the champs - elysees , but dwarfed that into a pleasant country lane : the new avenue perhaps half as wide as that massive square of peking , which stood before the forbidden city , and much longer ; with dragons hovering over and lowering great stacks of paving - stones into the street .
a house in the country , a cattle - herd .
but a man should look over the fences of a neighbouring farm or garden -a piece of the country which he himself inhabits and tills c even if he does not presume to offer advice .
and when he resumed his corporeal form , it was before a two - story garage of modest distinction set within farmland country .
the rest had their windows down , allowing a steady stream of music to pour into the air in an eclectic mix of country and rap , alternative and pop .
they looked fine , though i knew we 'd both have to go to the doctor as soon as we got back into the country .
for one , there was the fact that he liked country music .
it was a gorgeous and bustling metropolis to this country girl and i probably stood on the streets for hours , just gazing at everyone and everything .
back in the country , i never had a problem being loud and outspoken but in the theatre , i was in constant awe of everyone around me and constantly aware of how i did n't measure up .
i was sure the hillbilly folks of red fox would be put out without their country incest bullshit , but i was in town and i had a fake wife to impress .
but whether he got the loan of one or not , he would sit and talk in his long - winded lumbering fashion about the excellent country down away east , and all the wonders of the wide world .
sergeant colon is going to retire at the end of the month , he says mrs colon wants him to buy a farm , he says he is looking forward to the peace of the country and being close to nature , i ' m sure you would wish him well .
he 'd been a bit worried about the title - you heard stories about strange folk in the country - but it turned out to be nothing more than a book about how cattle and pigs and sheep should breed .
' where the hell is white - clay country round here ? '
' hah , he 's sayin ' where you 're disgracin ' the old country - ' ' let go , please , ' said angua .
buy him a nice house in the country somewhere .
a roustabout ran off at vicksburg , which was crazy , it being slave country and him a free colored man .
i was in the carpathians , in a rude country inn .
the other warden , it turned out , was a country music fan ; i was n't .
we stayed high for most of the trip , well above the unsteady clouds ; the storms kept forming beneath us , hopscotching across the country .
austere but pretty , in the way that only desert towns can be -- the urban part looks pretty much standard , but it 's surrounded by rugged country , upthrust hills and mountains , and three hundred days out of the year , it 's dry and cloudless .
anyone flying east from garrison passed out of the lands of alera altogether and into the wild country where the barbaric marat held dominion .
i breathed easier as we made our way out of legend 's run high and onto the country roads .
brandon and me living in the country .
` ` some of the older ones led the youngers into the back country .
in the upper corner of the board was a cheerful country gramma , her cheeks rosy , her white hair done up in a bun ; a cartoon gramma who was pointing at the board .
there was a comic - strip balloon coming out of the cheerful country gramma 's mouth and she was saying , ` ` remember this , sonny ! ''
` ` i bet she talked real country , '' manfred said .
there are all the stores you can find in any suburban area in the country - bed bath and beyond , home depot , staples , old navy , wal - mart - and after you see one sequence of them , they start to repeat in another area .
some days tolliver is more country than others .
we had country - fried steak , mashed potatoes , and lima beans at a near - duplicated kountry good eats , and it was actually very tasty .
the jukebox was wailing country and western .
i was talking to terry at sunday lunch at the country club , and he told me what he 'd heard about you .
his parents would be in town at this time of year , but the galmans often stayed in the country , and there might be some chance of seeing edith , if only briefly .
though their parents moved in the same circles , woolvey had not been required to pursue any sort of occupation , being his father 's heir , and lacking any interest in politics , he spent his time hunting in the country or playing for high stakes in town .
he consoled himself with the reminder that they could leave early in the morning , and he would not have to endure another formal meal with the company , nor exchange another word with his father , who rarely rose before eleven even in the country .
he was not left in solitude long ; only a little while after edith had gone , miss montagu came downstairs , dressed in a too - elegant riding habit , something more suitable for a sedate canter through london than a country ride , which nevertheless showed her figure to great advantage .
laurence had never heard of such a force in modern warfare ; it was the stuff of the crusades , when dragons had been smaller and the country more wild , the more easily to feed them .
he flew his beat - up old van north across the fingerlands , the greenglass country , the river marshes , the oceano tetrico , heading deep into unknown territory .
ramon , however , was part yaqui , and had grown up in the rugged plateau country of northern mexico .
i was in antiques country on ct 66 , driving past shops that sold federal chests and shaker chairs , some of them even genuine .
i poured energy into it , never mind the consequences ; out here in the country , there was n't as much damage to be done by a mistake , and i was damn near mad enough not to care .
i tried the door , hoping marion would n't have been anal - retentive enough to turn on alarms in the country ... no panicked shrieking followed , but the handle clicked and failed to open .
of the three stations available , two were country and one was rap ; i settled for rap .
they wanted to contain the storm where it was , over open country , until it burned itself out .
a picture had come into his mind , and it was trying to get in the way of any organized thought - a deer hung head - down from a set of scales outside some country store during hunting season .
if the narrox , country lane had been tarred , the big car probably would have rolled over like a stunt vehicle in a thrill - show .
he wondered what carol , who had nearly made a career out of telling him to go faster during the last five years of her life , would have made of this little spin in the country .
' just ask anyone drinking beer and listening to country music on saturday night .
poor bartholomew was a country hayseed who had the bad luck to be in the big city when the king happened by .
that meant dropping back down to short - time country , and he was preparing to do just that when a soft , familiar voice on his right spoke his name .
` ` all the other - what , do you guys have a country club or something ? ''
ghetto blasters throbbed out a cacophony of conflicting music : soul , rock , country , classical .
this little country girl was finally going to get her due !
i want to see the wild country again before i die , and the mountains ; but he is still in love with the shire , with woods and fields and little rivers .
i would give them bag end and everything else , if i could get bilbo back and go off tramping in the country with him .
as a matter of fact with merry 's help he had already chosen and bought a little house at crickhollow in the country beyond bucklebury .
a mile or two further south they hastily crossed the great road from the brandywine bridge ; they were now in the tookland and bending south - eastwards they made for the green hill country .
i am not going out of the way , back to the road we left last night : i am going to cut straight across country from here . '
they were now reluctant either to stay or go on ; but sooner or later they had got to get across the open country to the ferry , and it was best to go sooner and in daylight .
this they followed for a couple of miles as it climbed up and down into the country .
frodo had chosen it , because it stood in an out - of - the - way corner of the country , and there were no other dwellings close by .
lying round bree - hill and the villages was a small country of fields and tamed woodland only a few miles broad .
any attempt to set off across country at once would only make matters worse : half the inhabitants would follow them , to see what they were up to , and to prevent them from trespassing .
it bent to the left , curving back into its eastward line as it rounded the feet of bree - hill , and then it began to run swiftly downwards into wooded country .
his plan , as far as they could understand it without knowing the country , was to go towards archet at first , but to bear right and pass it on the east , and then to steer as straight as he could over the wild lands to weathertop hill .
the land had been falling steadily , ever since they turned aside from the road , and they now entered a wide flat expanse of country , much more difficult to manage .
on the north side of the road beyond the hills the country is bare and flat for miles . '
he recalled bilbo 's account of his journey and the threatening towers on the hills north of the road , in the country near the troll 's wood where his first serious adventure had happened .
they advanced slowly , for they had to pick their way through a pathless country , encumbered by fallen trees and tumbled rocks .
when he had left hobbiton he had wandered off aimlessly , along the road or in the country on either side ; but somehow he had steered all the time towards rivendell .
the captain then sent some eastward straight across country , and he himself with the rest rode along the road in great wrath .
far away in the tumble of country that lay at the foot of the mountain was the dell from which they had started to climb the pass .
he made them describe the shire and its country over and over again .
the dusk was deep when at length they set out , creeping over the westward rim of the dell , and fading like ghosts into the broken country on the borders of the road .
for many miles the red eye seemed to stare at them as they fled , stumbling through a barren stony country .
it dwindled at last to a country cart - road little used ; but it did not wind : it held on its own sure course and guided them by the swiftest way .
so they passed into the northern marches of that land that men once called ithilien , a fair country of climbing woods and swift - falling streams .
he murmured old childish tunes out of the shire , and snatches of mr . bilbo 's rhymes that came into his mind like fleeting glimpses of the country of his home .
and we could n't cross all that open country crawling with enemies , even if we did get down . '
and mithrandir , he said to me : ` ` ioreth , men will long remember your words '' , and- ' but ioreth was not permitted to continue the instruction of her kinswoman from the country , for a single trumpet rang , and a dead silence followed .
as they came out again into the open country at sundown they overtook an old man leaning on a staff , and he was clothed in rags of grey or dirty white , and at his heels went another beggar , slouching and whining .
i do n't want a whole crowd o ' strangers camping here and settling there and tearing up the wild country . '
gave me a chance of walking round the country and seeing folk , and hearing the news , and knowing where the good beer was .
six were shot , but the remainder burst out , killing two hobbits , and then scattering across country in the direction of the woody end .
you thought you had done very well out of it all , and could now just amble back and have a nice quiet time in the country .
and in an hour or so the country edition of the times would be out and , very shortly after , so would he .
' that means letters going from small country offices can travel express without slowing the coach .
tresting had always been a country nobleman , living on his plantation , dreaming of perhaps moving into luthadel itself .
camon was going to be playing the part of ` ` lord jedue , '' a country nobleman who had hit upon hard nancial times and come to luthadel to get some nal , desperate contracts .
` ` i did n't send for you , country girl . ''
` ` i have n't been to keep venture in a while , '' vin said , falling into her persona as a country girl .
two years and a world away in fellise , still recovering from her near death at the hands of a steel inquisitor , she 'd been forced to spend her days pretending to be valette renoux , a young , inexperienced country noblewoman .
` ` allrianne was a child of the country court - a little innocent , a little spoiled - but she hardly deserves to be spoken of in that manner .
to be herself - not valette , the uncomfortable country noblewoman .
skaa , especially country skaa , were skittish things .
` ` we cut across country , straight down , so that we could gather supplies at suringshath .
he and spook had cut across country , taking a cue from the terrismen , to make certain that they did n't get discovered by patrols from the city .
lekal city did n't have a true palace - it had been just a country estate until about two years ago .
she 'd spent that year being mistreated by most of the women of court - some had let her join with their company , but she 'd always been an insignificant country noblewoman with no connections or significance .
` ` i ' ve recently acquired a large stretch of land in hillsboro , nestled deep in the wine country .
the eastsiders felt their new homes were superior to the country homes , and the riversiders resented that cornfields and silos were giving way to concrete driveways and street lamps .
a nice fool he would look , blundering in upon some retired eccentric - the sort of a man who kept his gates locked in the country - with this silly story of a hysterical mother in tears because her idiot boy had been kept half an hour late at his work !
they ran on each side of the watered country as far as he could see , both onwards and behind them ; he was sailing , in fact , on the flooded floor of a majestic canyon nearly ten miles wide and of unknown length .
in some other queer way which he could not specify it differed from the sun he knew ; but even while he speculated the needle - like mountain tops stood out black against it and the handramit grew dark , though eastward ( to their left ) the high country of the harandra still shone pale rose , remote and smooth and tranquil , like another and more spiritual world .
and already , as their road began descending , it was less visible and the many - coloured pattern of the low country showed vaguely through it .
it flickered and went out almost at once - not unnaturally , since i was sitting on the door - mat and there are few front doors even in better built houses than ransom 's country cottage which do not admit a draught .
he got the impression of being near the end of a range of water mountains and looking down into lower country .
the island had a base of rough country , but with smoother land at the coast , and a hint of valleys with vegetation in them between the ridges , and even of steeper and narrower valleys which ran some way up between the central crags .
then he found his way to open country near the skirts of the island and looked about him .
it was an empty , sleepy , country station and there was hardly anyone on the platform except themselves .
all night he rode southward , choosing by - ways and bridle paths through woods as long as he was in country that he knew ; but afterwards he kept to the high road .
caspian and other captains of course made many sorties into the open country .
i kept on all night - and then , when it was half light this morning , as if i 'd no more sense than a giant , i risked a short cut across open country to cut off a big loop of the river , and was caught .
they could see open country stretching before them to the horizon and , between it and them , the broad silver ribbon of the great river .
and now there was no doubt that the trees were really moving moving in and out through one another as if in a complicated country dance .
( ` ` and i suppose , '' thought lucy , ` ` when trees dance , it must be a very , very country dance indeed . ' )
but the third ( which rapidly swallowed up the other two ) was the grey , gravelly surface of a platform in a country station , and a seat with luggage round it , where they were all sitting as if they had never moved from it - a little flat and dreary for a moment after all they ; had been through , but also , unexpectedly , nice in its own way , what with the familiar railway smell and the english sky and the summer term before them .
while it was an exquisite home of white marble , it was a manor house of a mere four stories , formed in an open square around a central courtyard and garden like a common country estate .
a befuddled - looking , portly old country count , his gold - and - scarlet tunic patched and faded , sat on the bench beside amara , shaking his head .
chapter 16 the journey from molvar to shuar took four days , all of them along a stretch of hilly , windy country that supported little but yellowed grass , peeking up through early snows , and rounded black stone .
he 'd led them to a staircase that ran down the northern face of the shieldwall and into the snow - covered country beyond .
the country that the vord had emerged into from the tunnel they 'd used to bypass the shuaran defenses was composed of rolling , rocky hills sparsely covered in pine trees .
once they had taken the lead , tavi simply followed the hunters , who were sure to know the country better than he did .
it 's late summer in the octarine grass country below the towering peaks of the high ramtops , and the predominant colours are umber and gold .
the word he uttered was unfamiliar to those wizards who had not had his robust country upbringing and knew nothing of the finer points of animal husbandry .
his heart was picking up speed like a train leaving the station and heading into open country .
in both subject and execution it was not much different from pictures moldering away in pawnshops , curio shops , and roadside bargain barns all over the country ( all over the world , for that matter ) , but it filled her eyes and her mind with the sort of clean , revelatory excitement that belongs only to the works of art that deeply move us - the song that made us cry , the story that made us see the world clearly from another 's perspective , at least for awhile , the poem that made us glad to be alive , the dance that made us forget for a few minutes that someday we will not be .
do n't say it unless you really , really mean it , she remembered thinking as they flashed along some country highway with hills on the left and the lake winking blue and gold sunflashes through the firs on their right .
just for jesus '' sake promise me that if some guy invites you to a country club dance in westwood , you 'll come see me first . ''
it was followed by one from her right , and a snatch of some old country song drifted through her mind : ` ` well , the race is on and here comes pride up the backstretch ... heartache is goin '' to the inside ... '' she wiped them away .
an hour after leaving the skyway they were in deep country .
9 in spite of all that had happened , rosie enjoyed the ride back to trenton street almost as much as the one out to the country that morning .
he had never either seen or smelt the sea before , and the country village where he had been born was miles and miles from sound or snuff of it .
in the meanwhile , however , rover is plodding down the country lanes and highways , going along following his nose , which is bound to lead him home in the end , as dogs ' noses do .
he lived sometimes in the country and sometimes , most of the time , in the white house on the cliff by the sea .
the crisp smells reminded him of the north country .
for that and an incident on a lonely country road , where i took my own revenge , he 'd never forgiven me .
he flew his beat - up old van north across the fingerlands , the greenglass country , the river marshes , the oceno tetrico , heading deep into unknown territory .
ramon , however , was part yaqui and had grown up in the rugged plateau country of northern mexico .
the country around us was beautiful , warm and balmy in the evening twilight , pleasant in a different way from tucson .
campsites along country roads .
` ` back at the country club , or wherever you and the rest of the choir hang out , you probably wear a shorter version of that skirt all the time .
but farther up country , in the out - of - the - way places , there would have been little courts ruled by real old british under - kings , talking something like welsh , and practising a certain amount of the druidical religion . ''
telegraph posts raced by , bridges rushed overhead with a roar , villages streamed backward to join the country already devoured , and mark , at once fascinated and repelled by the insolence of feverstone 's driving , sat saying ` ` yes '' and quite '' and ` ` it was their fault '' , and stealing sidelong glances at his companion .
` ` i saw them killing a man ... a man in a big car driving along a country road .
i want every boy and girl in the country -- - '' ` ` god ! ''
it was mid - morning when the man dropped him at a corner beside a little country hotel .
he had always hated the country and always hated weather , and he was not at any time fond of walking .
' a lord i was in a south country , though now i am a vagabond .
she had a feeling that the final line was something in the way of ` ` and some hairy bacon , '' but that might have been another song altogether , so she stopped and instead she sang him the one about the man in the moon who came down too soon , and after that she sang , in her warm country voice , a more recent song about a lad who put in his thumb and pulled out a plum , and she had just started a long ballad about a young country gentleman whose girlfriend had , for no particular reason , poisoned him with a dish of spotted eels , when silas came around the side of the chapel , carrying a cardboard box .
she had a feeling that the final line was something in the way of ` ` and some hairy bacon , '' but that might have been another song altogether , so she stopped and instead she sang him the one about the man in the moon who came down too soon , and after that she sang , in her warm country voice , a more recent song about a lad who put in his thumb and pulled out a plum , and she had just started a long ballad about a young country gentleman whose girlfriend had , for no particular reason , poisoned him with a dish of spotted eels , when silas came around the side of the chapel , carrying a cardboard box .
she had even taken him to a football match , as silas had promised that she would , but she had gone back to the place she called ` ` the old country '' after squeezing bod 's cheeks and calling him nimini , which had become her pet name for him .
chapter one pasadena , california present day the country music singer 's spunky voice ripped through the silence in my room as she began singing loudly from my nightstand , causing my phone to vibrate against the espresso colored wood.i smiled.the lyrics about demolishing a cheating ex - boyfriend 's car with a baseball bat was tempting.too tempting .
then tuor found himself in a rugged country bare of trees , and swept by a wind coming from the set of the sun , and all the shrubs and bushes leaned to the dawn because of that prevalence of that wind .
23 -- 4 ) are : ' the sun rose behind his back and set before his face , and where the water foamed among the boulders or rushed over sudden falls , at morning and evening rainbows were woven across the stream ' ; ' now he said : ` ` it is a fay - voice , '' now : ` ` nay , it is a small beast that is wailing in the waste '' ' ; ' [ tuor ] wandered still for some days in a rugged country bare of trees ; and it was swept by a wind from the sea , and all that grew there , herb or bush , leaned ever to the dawn because of the prevalence of that wind from the west ' -- which are very closely similar to or almost identical with passages in the tale ( pp .
blinded by his own daring , andrew walked nearer , and the school bag over his shoulder bumped into the revolving stand of guides to pagford and traditional west country cooking .
gaia had no desire to become one of the popular students at winterdown : she thought they were embarrassing , with their west country accents and their pathetic ideas of what constituted entertainment .
kay remembered the fantasy she had nurtured ( with hindsight , as silly as four - year - old gaia 's wish for a unicorn ) that she would settle down with gavin and give gaia , at last , a permanent stepfather , and a beautiful house in the country .
then she might have been anywhere - the forest , the ocean , a city sidewalk , a country meadow .
it was a country house in miniature , very like the one sasha had lived in with her parents in rolling western barony .
could he actually be a dwarf , down from the north country ?
he loved maps , and in his hall there hung a large one of the country round with all his favourite walks marked on it in red ink .
he was alone in the low hill country west of eluria .
now the great and fair country of beleriand lay on either side of the mighty river sirion , renowned in song , which rose at eithel sirion and skirted the edge of ard - galen ere he plunged through the pass , becoming ever fuller with the streams of the mountains .
yet there dwelt still a remnant of the faithful , as has been told , at romenna and in the country near , and other few there were here and there in the land .
cassie tried to focus on the colonial architecture and bucolic country roads , but the suspense was killing her .
' my sister 's got hundreds of evening dresses and she spends all her time at our place in the country , '' said william .
place in the country ? '
' an ' then a display of country dancing , land tillage under the three - field system , several plagues and , if my -- ing hand ai n't too tired , the invention of the -- ing horse collar , ' ' sounds good , ' said mr pin .
' in zer old country , zer scenery is psychotropic and knows vot is expected of it .
' i heard only the other day that giant rocks hundreds of miles across crash into the country every week , but the patrician hushes it up . '
there were a few test clackses from lancre and sto lat , and already he could see that pretty soon he 'd have to go out into the country to train some real , yes , reporters of news , because he could see there was only a limited future in these earnest missives from village grocers and publicans who 'd be paid a penny a line .
she 's always going on about how much she misses her old life , with all her country club friends and shopping sprees .
he could even marry and set up as a country gentleman ; but that prospect , once so idyllic in his imagination , now seemed drab and colorless .
sun kai inquired politely about their accommodations , and then about their enjoyment of the country , which laurence answered very shortly ; he could not help some suspicion that this might be some attempt at probing temeraire 's state of mind , and still more so when sun kai at last came however to the purpose for his visit .
what would have made an hour 's journey on horse , across rough country , was an easy ten minutes ' flight dragon - back , and there was a wide fallow field open near the house , where temeraire could set down .
` ` we are grown sadly careless in this wild country , and the heat crushes all aspirations to stiffness .
the country felt wholly untenanted , not empty but abandoned .
there was a murmur of pleasure and satisfaction among all the men - ` ` i have rarely seen such splendid farming country , '' laurence said to temeraire , ` ` or at least so it looks . ''
it was easy to see : a faint silvery gleam amid the dusty country , ringed invitingly by many shrubs and a few thin trees , and after they had drunk , tharkay called their attention to the small hill a little way off , where at the summit he had found the mid - day camp where the thieves had paused to eat a little .
temeraire said : there was not much of anything for several miles around , and even if the man had wanted to run away from them , there was nowhere he might have run away to ; they had covered a good ten miles of country , even flying the tedious sweeps , since their camp that morning .
at this rate we will be chasing these fellows clear across the country , anyway , and we might well meet him on the other side , if he goes sailing around . ''
the country rolled away beneath them , and dust whispered against temeraire 's wings when he tucked his head beneath them to rest in the hot wind .
maybe i do n't have a particular captain of my own , but i am pretty sure of good company any time of day or night if i want it , here with the larrakia or anywhere in the country ; and i do n't have to sleep in a covert , or on a ship , or in some lonesome valley . ''
it was worrying ; in the high country , people in the street had jeered at him that he 'd been made in a vat .
he 's a goblin , from the high country . '
they walked on in silence again until trev , picking each word with care , said , ' i guess things must be sort of tough in the high country ? '
thulin 's family might trace its roots back to borderland warriors , but he himself was just a simple country man like the rest of them .
` ` but food was spoiling in the country long before the aiel arrived , was n't it ? ''
but he was n't sure she was in the country .
fooling people , like a street performer taking in country boys with a clever game of three - card shuffle .
for a moment , she felt herself to be the country girl many thought her to be .
streets snaked across the landscape , lined with buildings that most country folk would have called cramped , but that were ordinary to the tairens .
great highways that had once transported legions now dwindled to obscure country roads in need of maintenance .
they 'd press forward into this hilly country to meet the oncoming trollocs , deploying harrying forces in the adjoining valleys , with archers atop the hills alongside defensive units .
no friends , because the kinds of country club friends sarah had made all her life did n't stick around after the platinum american express got revoked .
i patted her console and promised her a weekend in the country soon , not to mention a nice detailing .
as we went on , there were still many with us - pilgrims returning to towns in galilee , and we began to climb into higher , green country and i liked this very much .
herod archelaus and the roman soldiers from syria had made peace in judea - at least enough peace - for us to pass through the land of herod archelaus , through the jordan valley , and up into the hill country to jerusalem for the feast of passover .
and i loved it when we were in the open country .
` ` oh , what , the house of caiaphas will take the humiliated and shamed country girl , the girl denied by her own father , her father who drove off every man who came to ask for her for two years , and has now slammed the door on jason again , and on reuben of cana , reuben who put his pride away and begged on his very knees ! ''
actually the lore of wolves in all cultures was fascinating him as much as werewolf stories proper , and old medieval traditions pertaining to a village brotherhood of the green wolf charmed him with their descriptions of country people dancing wildly around bonfires into which the ` ` wolf '' was now and then symbolically tossed .
this had the beauty of the wine country here , this lovely sunny weather .
he pictured her in a country cemetery talking with the dead .
it 's raining in the wine country but probably not as hard . ''
these woods were crawling with every harebrained backwoods gun - toting crazy in the country after you last appeared .
only after they hit the narrow country road again did felix say in a low , very gentle voice , his most protective voice , ` ` reuben , do you want to tell me where you went last night ? ''
a whole group of the clergy came in , all in black clerics and roman collars , having been invited from the archdiocese of san francisco , and dozens of people who had come from mendocino on the coast , and other towns in the wine country .
but she wondered how he might feel about covering the arts in northern california , maybe reviewing some little - theater productions in various towns , or musical events in the wine country .
felix promised that after christmas , he would take reuben and phil to see the old drexel and hamilton houses , both big old victorian country homes that could be remodeled and updated without losing their charm .
` ` we turn in early in the country , '' phil explained .
that 's why i did n't care that bennington , vermont , looked like a postcard for autumn in the country .
death asked , his expression as cold as winter in the high country .
` ` to the blackwell country estate . ''
i kept my eyes wide open , watching the disappearing city lights , and even enjoying the darkness when we reached the country .
the wind felt amazing against my wings , and i watched the city lights dance below me as i headed toward the country .
if these guys were the country bumpkin type they probably had very traditional notions about women .
i hear dats good cotton country down there .
pretty country ' fore the war .
chapter 8 buck creek , texas zack was riding his horse next to the wagon that emily was driving and tom was off to himself riding his pinto pony as they made their way though some beautiful country with rolling hills and oak trees .
i ve run some cows down that way , but its all open country as far as i m concerned .
she is better off here in the country where she can walk out of doors and enjoy the garden .
as soon as news of this gardens attractions spreads , it will become a regular feature on the circuit of country estates at the end of the london season .
she decided she would show them that not all her family were country clowns , and so , when they had finished their toast , she found the courage to say , may i be so bold to propose a toast to our good guests .
he must think her a simple nave country girl .
i beg your pardon , mum , andrew bowed , in an evident attempt to imitate the rustic accent of her country servant .
you will return to your lady and escort her from the country so that you may marry her .
but i am a scot , and i do not feel myself constrained to one place in the country to be married .
i m going over to the country club to play golf with danny smithson .
or perhaps a long letter [ from ] my dear friend julia will arrive instead , which will brighten it to an infinitely great [ er ] degree , even as its amusing descriptions of simple country pleasures rouses me to new , sharper pangs of longing to be home , and able to walk over to merriweather whenever i please .
you need not fear any lasting harm from my latest plan , however , for i mean at the same time to write to the horse guards , giving them the appointed date of the invasion , that they might repel the corsican monster and his minions before they are able to advance any further into the country .
it happened in this wise : unbeknownst to me , ever since my mother had become aware of my acquaintance with mrs . grayson , she had quietly made it her business to discover what she could of the family , apparently no longer trusting in the integrity of my own report on the subject ; though how she fancied any man could be a danger to her ambitions for me , when he was busy voluntarily removing himself across the country , is beyond my comprehension .
she certainly had no experience of riding down an unfamiliar country road , with a stranger in pursuit .
i know you re fond of the country , but is nt this going just a bit too far ?
you re a doctor in a country town , with no prospects to speak of .
from a nearby building , small whirlpools of smoke rose from the chimney , soiling the country air , and filling michaels nostrils with its acrid fumes .
all of us , mother , father , kathleen , uncle bernard and auntie jeannette had already left london to spend the summer months at the country house we shared in lambeth , you know to get away from the plague in the city yes , i think i do recall you talking about that house years ago .
she took me out into the country , to a restaurant owned by friends of hers ; leading me darting and skittering over the narrow fell roads to get there .
some sense of purpose made him set out to search the scattered buildings in that country landscape .
the scene was in the country .
i thought about that secret marriage , carried out by a country parson , away from court .
i thought about the rumours that elizabeth had been betrothed to a country gentleman , making marriage to the king illegal .
this could be wild country and it was wise to pay court to the lords of the manors through which we passed .
the country was rough and hilly and scarcely inhabited .
it was all the very spirit of a country inn : unlike the city by its clean air , and bird song in place of hawkers cries .
imagine my shock , driving down a country road , to be confronted by the scene of my dream .
everything about her was ' no nonsense ' even down to her flat , north country vowels .
isolated in the country , it was most like a very large farmhouse , having stone at its centre and for its chimneys but elsewhere making great use of brick .
one day they went on an expedition , riding across country , right across the estate to its very edge .
he was to visit lady margaret at her new house in the country .
these days she s always brightly dressed but in the plain styles of the country .
but when i order out a patrol of these west country gentlemen that i command they re full of excuses .
i repeated what i d told the bartender , who by now was at the end of the bar , caressing a gooseneck p. a. mike : and now , bros , how bout a real warm welcome for our own country queen , righteous princess daisy !
as we made a stately progress toward the rear i smiled at the dancer , another stringy country girl in heels and little else , and she waved back .
i think that country houses lend themselves better to protracted exposition .
singing for god and country cleanses the soul , his father had told him one sunday morning many years back .
traveling on the worst of country buses , they had left prague for the rising hills and deep forest along germanys border .
walking on the level railroad bed as it made its way bending and winding around and through the hills in the open country had been a blessing to them , helping to conserve what energy they had left after their violent encounter with the german soldiers .
but to travel across the open country that lay distant before them would be no different from playing russian roulette with six bullets instead of one .
looking down , he could see clearly the icy country roads and darkened woods and fields surrounding the beautiful city , appearing to the eye as if they had been painted there a thousand times or more by god himself .
if we ca nt find them here , then get on your horses and scour the country side .
we all know that popular image of texas ; cowboys , cowboy boots , hats , belt buckles , guns , horses , cattle , rodeos , violence , hard drinking , country music , pickup trucks , and wide open spaces and oil wells are all central to the image .
way back in the 1940s , texas country music legend ernest tubbs performed my filipino baby , about his love for a filipina woman , to huge cheering audiences throughout the state .
the best known jewish texan today is probably richard kinky friedman of the country music band the texas jewboys , with songs like they ai nt makin jews like jesus anymore .
freethinkers made up much of the german immigrant population and were the majority in the german hill country , one - eighth of the states territory .
the best known country singer from texas , willie nelson , has long been antiwar and pro - legalizing marijuana ( as well as an openly heavy user . )
nelson is one of a long line of often leftwing country artists from texas , joined by jerry jeff walker , kris kristofferson , joe ely , steve earle , townes van zandt , and robert earl keen .
texas country music has even produced such wonderful demented music like cowpunk ( cowboy music mixed with punk in the 1980s ) and hellbilly ( country and rockabilly mixed with thrash metal in the 1990s ) .
texas has more often produced dangerous radical music from artists like big mama thornton , janis joplin , 13th floor elevators , millions of dead cops , the dicks , the butthole surfers , d.r.i . , geto boys , reverend horton heat , union underground , pantera , underground kings and chamillionaire , and all those left wing country singers mentioned before .
gray has remained hiding out on his small country property .
eight democratic senators had now been added to the us senate in the center of texas is the german hill country .
with some other german colonist leaders he saw an opportunity to build an independent nation in the german hill country , one based in new braunfels .
the german hill country was always a republican stronghold when the gop was a sometime force for political equality and had a variety of views .
activists from the hill country counties found it hard going though .
when he and shane went up , the main deck had become a country fair .
* * * though they were dressed in their absolute best , they , all of them , patience had to admit , looked like country misses come to the big city , especially in contrast to the fine materials on display .
i have a country house in brighton , as a matter of fact .
its not my fault a man of the world , like you , was shocked out of countenance by a country mouse like me .
patience took his hand as he led her into a country dance .
ill go to the country .
she would chase half - way cross country for them , even if it jeopardized her health .
you want a house in the country .
he d found her a country church in the middle of a green field .
tom audlett , jon cokeham , and sir hugh rochester all followed , guffawing and mimicking crawley 's humble , country accent .
i do n't know anyone here , i ' m afraid , and i feel like such an outsider , coming from partway across the world and all ... '' ` ` ah , ye 'll soon foind that people is the same no matter where ye go , '' becky returned with quiet country wisdom .
all the foine folks from oxford 'll come down for it , and it 'll be as fun and loively as a country fair .
` ` i thought you were going to teach fencing , do an occasional swordplay exhibit at a country fair or something ... '' ` ` that 's what i thought , too .
he quit the country and went to the continent , hiding out there until maudsley conveniently died ! ''
despite the hour , he knew nails 's wife would be up ; country folk rose early , and besides , he doubted anyone who had just lost a spouse would sleep much in that first night following such a loss .
` ` shortly before brigid 's birth , her mother was resold to a druid who owned land in the west country .
` ` her mother brocca , remained in the west country , but brigid was brought back to leinster to work for her father .
` ` brigid went immediately across country to her mother , who was still a bondwoman .
this time however , of her own free will , leaving her mother to enjoy her old age , in peace in her own cottage , in the west country .
our churches and monasteries are in the country side , where the people are who need our guidance and support live .
the country became more rugged with rain threatening .
and since i ca nt see him carting miss agatha clear across country , you must be the one he s taking .
she did n't want to look like a country wench , though she would n't mind the sensuousness of a courtesan .
he was now in his eighties and his reply , written by his housekeeper mrs knight , although not exactly affable was polite enough , although he cautioned that she would not find country life to her taste after the heady pleasures of the court .
of course she would miss the princesses and the few friends she had made here , but oh , to have the freedom just to live outside that gilded cage was something she was prepared to risk , even if it meant being buried in the country .
but oh , miss julia , what am i to do buried in the country ?
having been with julia since her appointment to court , and a londoner by birth , country life was totally abhorrent to her .
we dine early in the country , miss .
whether to dance or not was a dilemma , but , enjoying dancing as she did , her resolve wavered , and when mr blanding brought up a cheerful gentleman for the country dance , julia smiled her acquiescence and stood up happily .
scarcely pausing for breath when molly arrived with the tea , mrs talbot launched into the delicate state of her health and all the remedies she used , before turning to julia to ask if she was not at all lonely living buried in the country .
after seeing how relaxed both the mare and her rider were , gerald quickened the pace to a canter , and soon they were in open country enjoying the warmth of the sun and the soft breeze from the sea .
do you believe you could settle permanently to country life ?
after your life in london and at court , are you quite happy to stay here , buried in the country ?
jane austens town and country style .
that showed that they were smarter than average up here in the hill country of the ozark plateau , that and the fact that they had showed such commitment was enough for the recruiting sergeant .
the wermacht had not yet desecrated the patchwork of english fields with country lanes running through them , so he knew he was behind enemy lines .
not a better one for catching rats in the country , i reckon .
she s been wanting to leave the hallnone too fond of the country , she istoo dull for her , she says .
she could well believe that such a woman would find life on a country estate very dull indeed .
the society in the country is so dullso unvarying .
his voice was as pleasant as his looks , low - pitched and with the faint burr of the north country .
he just could nt bring himself to allow a granddaughter of his to become the wife of a common country surgeon .
i doubt colonel price will be persuaded to take the word of a smuggler before that of a respectable country vicarand the brother of one of his closest friends .
buthe shrugged his shouldersi could never settle down to the quiet life of a country squire .
raoul had said that it was his parents wish that he spend his summer at their trouville - sur - mer mansion , and admitted to her that he was quite bored with country life , because there were no children of a similar age with whom he could pass the hours .
firing a country bumpkin who had the effrontery to look at you !
with her out in the middle of the country , it would be easy for someone to egad !
she spoke in a rough country accent : you certunly woulda died ifn tha man ridin outa town adnta mentioned seein your orses wanderin around outside the cemetry .
while he and the duke of buckingham went on a royal progress round the country , the princes were left living in the royal apartments of the tower of london .
that s right , a country boy from dorset , even if he was educated at oxford !
ely being then an island surrounded by marsh , the reason given for the gift was , because , since the country is wooded , the brethren can find timber for the fabric of their church and wood sufficient for their other purposes .
the lunch includes noodles and potato pancakes , bread ( israeli traditional meals are heavy on starches , perhaps another inheritance from the old country ) , sauerkraut , and pickles .
actually , i found the country to be fascinating though , of course , i do nt live there but i used to , in a way , which is precisely why i m going there now .
as for their attitude to the old country it ranged from nostalgia , through deliberate amnesia , to resentment .
one french officer wrote that dolhinov seemed like a safe haven after the tedious passage through swamp country , where decent food and fresh water was nt available .
finally , realizing he had dawdled too long , cut off from supply or reinforcements , napoleon marched out again on october 19 in its two - month - long retreat out of russia , the french army again crossed the same depleted ground they had already picked clean on their march into the country .
but despite the yiddish humor , these were not the fragile , neurotic jews of the woody allen parody , spindly tailors , or pale young men who d never been outside a study hall , but strong country jews used to physical labor and outside work in one of the worlds most grueling climates .
he s young , lost , tired and hungry , cold in a country and countryside of which he knows nothing .
how could this country boy from dolhinov , married only at age 30 , owning almost no possessions and losing all of those , imagine that his grand - daughter would grow up to marry the son of israels parliament speaker , work for the foreign ministry in mauretania , and then be employed by the tourism office , trying to convince people to visit the country which was his first real and final home and refuge .
at 7 in the morning we command a large ship from the country to heave to , by shooting four pieces across her bow .
this time we have only eighteen thousand men , all encamped here at ujjain , all weary to their bones from our siege at the kangra , north in the punjab , and then the long march down country .
but suck 'd on country pleasures , childishly ?
and ride out to a country inn .
just outside london the country is as green as nadir sharifs palace garden , with fields and hedgerows that look like a great patchwork coverlet sewed by some sotted alewife . ''
` ` on my honor , cap'n , by the look of it i ' m apt to be poor as a country parson by noontide tomorrow . ''
the fiddles were just starting a new tune , while the planters and their wives lined up facing each other , beginning the country dance flaunting two .
since the eldest son inherited everything , he had by now doubtless taken charge of the two thousand acres that was winston manor , becoming a country squire who lived off rents from his tenants .
doublets too were a rainbow of colors , many with old - fashioned ruffstaken from dead or captured royalists during the civil warand the rest plain and patched with rough country cloth .
no , colonel morris is not of my mind ; he 's not a country angler who 'd sit and wait for his line to bob .
just as he knew young hipolito was dreaming still of some country senorita .
when they came to hazeldale , clints father bought up all of the country that was for sale and then some .
but it is some pretty country .
wade was in a jovial mood as he and christine left van horn and began traveling through the open country again .
and if it is , well follow the bastards out in the country and kill em there .
juan and wade were riding through the country near nogales when juan looked back and saw the four bandits a few hundred yards back following after them .
some barking dogs greeted wade as he rode his horse up to the front of the modest country home of james crosby , a grouchy , elderly man who did nt seem all that happy to see wade .
they drove to tokeen where henry owned the general store that also sold gasoline and then took off on the country roads drinking .
perhaps , a doctor was more to her liking than a country hick with bad table manners .
henry had no idea of where they were as they drove through the country in the black of night and wade suddenly told him to stop and park the model a in a brushy , secluded area .
he drove faster and started looking for a road that might lead them back into the country .
it was in the middle of the night by then and they were out in the country a few miles from town , but the city lights could still be seen in the distance .
you know , we ve been seein a lot of each other and i was wonderin if you had given any thought on the idea of marryin me , he said wearing his best and only suit as they were parked on a country road after dark .
` ` what of your country suitors ?
` ` did you meet at a country dance at one of the local squire 's homes ? ''
but he had a different objective a country club .
and that gave him status beyond his station in the world that was the biarritz country club .
like several other exclusive country clubs in the area , biarritz boasted a handful of hollywood stars as well as some motion picture executives .
when he she won the nomination for the academy award , he rewarded her by taking out a weekday membership at the biarritz country club .
he eventually acquired all the trappings his fortune could buy a mansion , luxury cars and a country club membership .
` ` good afternoon , biarritz country club .
i have a membership out at redlands country club .
and that thought warmed him all the rest of the way to biarritz country club .
she signed the bill then instructed the clerk , have this entire order delivered to me , mrs . anna burke , at the biarritz country club .
just before reaching the track they passed the tijuana country club , the only green earth they had seen since crossing the border .
well , i took it upon myself to contact several members at the redlands country club with whom i am familiar .
now we come to the number one seed , the team of billy compton and one conor o'reilly who is said to be a member of the redlands country club .
hitting first is the team of biarritz member mr . billy compton and a member of the redlands country club , a mr . conor o'reilly .
she snapped it shut and headed down to the lobby to pick up a cab to take her to the biarritz country club .
there were her friends at whippoorwill country club and their tuesday golf games she so enjoyed .
as much as touring the country annie was looking forward to the round of golf in california .
it became even stranger when she turned down la habra street and approached the entrance to biarritz country club .
once upon a time he listened in on king canutes most intimate conversations , but now he was no more than poor saxon churl , living in the back country of rural engla - lond .
like you said , its a wild country .
the beauty of this rough , wild country had taken him by surprise .
thanks to the hand of providence , we all of us arrived in this rough and wild country , the new scotland , in august .
agnes and betty set to making the traditional christmas fare from the old country , raiding the precious winter stores .
the clock on the mantle , the dunmores ' pride and joy brought all the way from the old country , struck its tinny chimes .
some of these families were little more than crofters in the old country .
sandy took harriet in his arms , and they danced a rousing country reel .
jane has been city - based and career - driven but when her fourteen year old daughter natalie falls in with the wrong crowd at school in manhattan , she and andrew decide to try country living .
only eight - year - old merrie enjoys country life .
there s many a woman of her rank as would nt be seen buying from a simple country shopkeeper like me .
of course to a country ramble at nearly four in the morning ?
when they stepped off onto the platform , she stood still and looked up at the intricate glass roof , and took in the sounds of the other trains coming in and was almost knocked off her feet by the more seasoned travellers who just wanted to go on their way - barging forward with no regard for a little country bumpkin .
my folks originally came from northern england before emigrating to canada , so i thought i d take a trip up there and see the old country , as it were .
i 'd go out of my mind being stuck in the country .
i never have been a country bumpkin .
they were now here with men who were clearly their husbands , and on seeing evie , some threw her dirty looks and she realised , even after all these years that they still thought her up herself because she had nt been willing to stay behind and become another country wife .
once outside london he was back in the country , which , for all the comforts and sophistication of the city , he actually preferred .
i was nt allowed to go to the school down the road like the other lads in charlotte street , but was sent off into the country again .
my father was a countryman at heart , and came from a country family , but being the fourth son he d had to make his own way .
that created poverty , and many country people were too poor to pay their rents .
our family are country folk , though well - off country folk .
our family are country folk , though well - off country folk .
his son had been able to send him only 160 a year , perhaps 8,000 ( $ 12,000 ) or so in todays money in terms of what it would buy , and while in the country districts he might have been able to live on that , in bordeaux he could not .
claiming to be a sumerian goddess and running around the country with a suitcase full of cash was not a clear - cut hustle by any definition .
how can a peasant , born up country , be a member of our royal house ?
it was a colorful spring in the country .
many of the first israelis living in the country were shepherds like abraham .
( have you paid attention to the scene of a knight and his servant riding , then taking a rest and then continue to stride over the country 2500 years afterward ?
it is not unusual for country roads in south louisiana to end up in a small town .
as country children they recognised the world it described and they loved its easy lilting tune .
it had been his first taste of country life .
i live in the country too .
i mean , who knows what these old country remedies might contain .
the walk from the lodge in the morning heat had exhausted him but he could not bear the thought of remaining in the house and having to discuss country sports .
no one goes out in the country without a holster and pistol and essex simply knew these men would not either .
tirelessly scanning the country , essex concerned himself with any desiring more than to just see , closing on her before meeting her gaze .
he cocked his head , waving smoke from around his head , studying long shadows forming on the country as the sun lowered .
she breathed in deeply , loving the view and country , wishing another way could be found .
beneath , the riders chest , arms and shoulders bulged befitting one raised in michigan farm country where cutting firewood , hauling rocks and handling plows were everyday activities from youth .
looking east , he pondered jennys words wishful of knowing more how the land lay then chuckled to himself , recalling the first time he chased men into country unknown to him west of santa fe and having thought the same then .
along with a domus in the city , many of the richest families of ancient rome also owned a separate country house known as a villa .
we were in open country , on route 15 , the road to saigon .
it was back from the road and looked like a deal could be done there quickly but i imagined how tiresome preparations for a march would be , and then the march itself , with abbie out of the country .
out on highway 61 its all north country minnesota farms and picture - book animals .
matt is arm - pumping out the window at a convoy of six big semis , jacked by the sound they love to unleash , especially in wide - open cow country .
this question lingers briefly , quickly fades , sucked down within the flowing country night blackness that has been slowly mesmerizing matt .
minnesota 's own hard - driving bob dylan , the sweet rousing joan baez , the soulful janis joplin , all leading up to the final sprintwild country joe and the fish , blaring matt 's draft raid anthem , i feel like i ' m fixing to die rag .
as they cut their lights and slip into the alley , the emotion of country joe 's song sobers them : come on mothers throughout the land , pack your boys off to vietnam .
he asked this to a cats - whiskered country bumpkin who , in due time , will become a brick no con can break .
by the time the freeway signs are heralding the last outposts of civilization in minnesota winona , rochester , albert leeand they enter the far country called iowa , jareds mood shifts abruptly , shatters like fine crystal .
garys no longer a bumpkin or country kid yet he s not truly adapted to urban ways .
douglas 's dress taste now ran to the italian look of the designer jacket complimented with a silk tee shirt contrasting with nathan 's country farmer style .
the low oak ceiling beams and tables with oak carved chairs , and country rose chintz upholstery gave more of a victorian feel to the room .
as douglas went to the bar , jessie saw a good - looking guy with dark blonde hair , dressed in country casuals , approach lucy .
we had barely driven west past oshkosh when i spotted a sign for the mascoutin country club .
run a country club ?
this was ugly country forests and swamps and indians anxious to kill .
he became spoiled a second time by having women gravitate to his country manner of speech and direct approach .
unlike these legendary characters of old , rita , a shy young country girl did none of the aforementioned feats ; yet by uttering one declarative name and two questions she was transformed into a cosmopolitan virago , simply by asking her dancing partner where he purchased a certain item of haberdashery .
i do n't want her to awake in an empty house thinking i ' m lost or skipped the country . ''
these land vultures are able to sit around in air - conditioned country clubs listening for something to surface and pick off the good deals without the property being listed .
` ` i understand how rough life is for you settin around coppin commissions from poor old country folks like me .
their first stop after lunch was at the country assessor 's office to get a map showing property boundaries for the eighty acres in question .
` ` kind ah sounds like the city boys are testin ' to see if us ol ' country boys know how to get out ah bed of mornin 's . ''
by using surveyed property corners and employing a ground positioning system instrument , a contracted land surveyor quickly located and staked out property marker points , road rights of way and written property meets and bounds corresponding to boundary line maps recorded with the country assessor 's office .
the town has only businesses needed to support the ranches and a few country folks who move into town for the winter .
it 's a hard country in the wintertime ; the wind blows a kind of cold able to cut you to the bone .
come inside and let me give you a taste of the old country .
he had a small horse farm on the country , just a bit down the road from my familys place , and i had seen him many times growing up .
they got me wondering how much of the crowd was not only from out of town but out of the country .
maybe i had just discovered one more unifying principle for the country rude shop clerks .
the western end of town had been subdivided into five acre horse - estates all available for leisure country living according to the developers billboard , but main street had been preserved in a form resembling what would have been there a century or so earlier .
we just walked or ambled would be a better label and talked as we followed a country road from picayune to fayette , a distance of just over twenty miles .
but the rest of us were still walking happily along this country road , seemingly willing to walk all night if necessary .
decima did n't feel well in the country villa of marcus lucius 's mother located in the hills outside of the city that never slept .
i just thought this miss sarah was a country healer , like in the old days .
now he thought of it only as a savage , bloody way to ruin beautiful country , happy homes and contented families .
a forkful of hay and a few tender words to a roan mare , pump a bucket of water : ordinary tasks country women everywhere were doing .
there was nt enough soap in the country to wash away the memory .
for all of his coarse jokes and country ways , he saw most things very clearly .
he asked when smith was returning to michigan , but smith told him that he d put michigan behind him and was making his way across the country , to try his luck in new mexico .
most townsmen now rarely belted on a holster unless going into the country , doing so then more in case of rattlesnakes or a bolting horse than from fear of outlaws .
no one knew that country better or spent close to his hundreds of hours exploring on foot and horseback .
pa knowing everything needed for good living , anton admired his way of teaching while allowing ample time for the boy to roam country around close to home , learning plants used to make medicine while discovering which would cause rash or burning itches .
straps of his pack looped around one foot , he pulled it behind while squeezing out the channel between bramble and cliff , slipping it on after emerging while scanning the country and mapping activity he hoped would induce petra to call off his pursuit .
ap wadding the paper viciously , he cast it aside , lowering to his heels while surveying the country .
himself the child of a sickly woman who was called home to her lord when he was but three and a drunkard father who met some unknown fate when samuel was five , he d been gifted with a new life by a kindly country parson whose family of seven already stretched meager resources but was raised despite that with love of people and of the bible .
he pictured his brother working his way onto a barge , up the river and awaymaybe out of the country .
meritates said , dislodge her with you to the country estate while khufu rummages for this ridiculous mountain .
sire , he is at the country estate .
i have identified who immersed our dear merhet into the mischief at the country estatethis whore to the king .
after half an hour of traveling we exited london for english country sides surrounding the city .
we kept silent for the beginning of the trip , to stare at the things outside and to enjoy the stone paved streets before it gave way to the dirt roads of the country .
now and then we would stop for some rustic and brash country dish , or a small hand crafted toy .
beautiful scotland , the rich country sides and its many people now no longer belong to father or me !
seeing the beautiful welsh country side , knowing they had belonged to father , and to me , but in a few days time rebels would desecrate these lands .. i felt horrible .
very soon the rebellion has spread from the highlands , where royalist support was strong , to the lowland country sides .
before long most of irelands largest towns were captured and the rebellion limited to small scales in the country sides .
the country side was quiet and tranquil .
` ` it would seem he 's made at least one trip into the country recently .
it was evident that with the scarcity of lawmen around this part of the country it would behoove him and his family to keep their guns handy .
in this fashion , the work progressed at an almost unbelievable rate until finally , the place , although still far from being finished , was certainly livable and would therefore serve wally , and his family until spring returned to the high country and he could apply the finishing touches that would help turn the house into a home .
might on the nippy side up here in this high country , seth commented between mouthfuls .
the princes army had lots of people from banff , aberdeen , stonehaven , arbroath , dundee and the country all around those towns .
their mother , mary hamilton , was the daughter of the laird of the small estate of bardowie in the english - speaking farming country to the north of glasgow .
some of our regiments took their opportunity to forage when they came into the low country .
i am one of your own , though i can not proclaim my ancestors here in the low country .
lord george considered this briefly and then turned to address the fencible men of the reay country .
from the very palace door , behind us there , which stands flat and level with the lowest of the plain country , the street begins to ascend .
the jacobite army had almost four thousand men under arms in the area from dundee to the lennox , sufficient to hold the country and forage at will .
they trotted through the starving country , with barely a poke of meal to be found .
if really the goods are left at the storehouse of innergordon , it is necessary the glengarrys regiment should be quartered near that place , and have a strong guard on the storehouse ; and , to frustrate their designs , to loose no time to order the carriages of the country to send off as soon as possible , what effects are there to this town .
loudoun and forbes had left on a tour up country and so escaped .
mcneill in wester ffrenich with whom he staid a night each time he deserted , and told him the distress he was in ; because he did not know where to go for fear of being apprehended in the country as he passed by reason of the service he has been in .
there was a shortage of wood for burning and although she was in the country even she was struggling to find enough to keep the tiny cottage warm .
sir george hastings has a country estate over near alnwick , and he lost his wife recently in child bearing .
the presence of so many soldiers around the cattle pens and in the town was going to make it difficult for the two men to leave the country from portpatrick .
i married a woman from one of the iroquois tribes , and we had a son , but they both died from a fever that some settlers brought over with them from the old country .
when the sun had finally melted into the bayou , as sapphire swells glowed with the orange hues , he had the warmth of a campfire , where the country stretched for miles along the wet patches of open earth .
every cent that annabelle had to her name was used to buy the double - seatter wagon and two horses that took them away from the bayou country .
further along the road , osprey appeared in a country cutter sled , pulled by a mare and galloping towards him from the distance .
soon , he was sneaking through the country , never being seen .
he led a peaceful life in the country , on the land that he loved , with a family that he cherished , beside a girl he had grown to adore .
once they rounded the rocky hills , they were back into dry country , still and tan , as waves of heat rose from the level horizon , and the setting sun brought some relief though the heat now lasted through the night .
he had never considered staying in a large city to practice law , for he loved farming , he loved tara , and he wanted to make his life in the country .
louise blossomed in the country air .
she often thought of their life in the country , and the thoughts were lovely .
fergus was relating the part of his journey through pict country between classes , when one of the listening local students asked what do you think fergus of the pict slaves captured by king domangart [ 1 ] on his recent raid north into the hebridean islands ?
lovely country .
brother marcus says this is wild country and i believe he is correct .
this is rough country ; do you girls wish to stay with the curach ?
one of the country names for comfrey was knitbone , a reminder of its traditional use in healing bone fractures .
fortunately most were at their country estates .
we ve got a good house , a fine farm , and the best food in the country .
most of the ride had taken them through wide open country , which was why tom had been leading the group at a pretty good pace .
i was offered a contract to work there for a year , overseeing the engine sheds and it was a wonderful place beautiful country , lovely hot weather and blue skies .
besides , this job is bringing money in to the country , so you 're really doing it for britain , laddie !
like a country retreat ?
the foursome set off along the country lanes and from his raised vantage point on corcho 's back , ben realised that he could see the vast , flat plains of the pampas stretching off to all points of the compass .
do you think that you would have got this far in life if you still spoke like a country gaucho ?
a proper diet , lots of exercise , fresh air and a country that is thousands of miles away from the war it 's all combined to make you in to a fine young specimen of a man , which is almost a shame , ben .
her governess , miss holywell , however , had understood precisely what was going forward but had said nothing until she overheard stolford suggesting to lady pensbury that they take judith on a tour of the west country , perhaps spending the autumn at his country house .
her governess , miss holywell , however , had understood precisely what was going forward but had said nothing until she overheard stolford suggesting to lady pensbury that they take judith on a tour of the west country , perhaps spending the autumn at his country house .
how much she had once looked forward to such a time in her life , when she would be at a country party during the summer , perhaps searching for a proper husband , hoping to tumble in love , and desiring above all that heroism and chivalry would mark the days .
little better than an actress , particularly since she had been traipsing about the country in the company of several healthy young men .
that is the country house of the marquess of stolford where we passed the night .
he has resided these many years and more in the various homes of his friends , whether in the city or the country as many younger sons of the nobility and gentry do .
carts rumbled to and from marketplace to field , and from village to country .
just a country beggar and only a morsel of bread and a cup of water .
no , i have nt heard from her or about her since i left that day from the old farm building in the country .
she had never been a country fan ; she did n't know a single word .
out loud she simply said , ` ` i have n't really listened to a lot of country .
tatum thought about the country music that had played in jake 's pickup , and the strangeness she now felt being in niko 's expensive car , listening to hip hop .
as always , country music was playing quietly in the background .
she must be talking about me telling her about growing up in the country and on a farm .
brad had his arm around her and tomi was drowsing in and out of sleep as the bus swayed around the curves on the narrow country road .
he could take the girls to the country and leave them there with a governess .
his grace plans on moving the girls to his country estate in bath .
yet as she looked through the leaded glass window at the back gardens , she found comfort in the truth that the girls were far better off in the country than in the stifling city .
how are you and my wards adjusting to the country ?
he had a habit of roaming around the country , and no one knew where he was .
i looked and he held the wheel lightly , a day in the country .
in this country we let our children go to school without shoes in defiance of old country impositions .
paul had grown up in the hill country of texas where german settlers had started moving in the 1840s .
my friend here is from the hill country in central texas .
i kind of like the country down here .
paul had been riding for over two weeks across louisiana and east texas toward the hill country of central texas .
he and pauls dad came to the country together from germany as young men and both obtained adjacent parcels of land .
he currently lives with his wife , vashti , in the hill country of central texas .
it had been brought over from the old country and his dad always told him that someday it would be his .
they stopped to rest in a small depression sheltered by some trees where they could watch most of the open country around them without being seen .
most of the country they rode through was union controlled .
at last they were in country where a man on horseback wearing plain working clothes and a gun was just naturally assumed to be a cowboy .
the country they were riding through was flat and dry , and ben could only imagine what the trip would have been like without a trail - wise companion like parkman along .
as they crossed over into the parched country of southeast colorado , parkman 's poke began to run low .
` ` you ca n't just go riding around the country with any saddle scruff you run into , '' joe said hotly .
ben had no idea how long he pushed his numb body and quickly - tiring horse mercilessly across country toward salem 's ranch .
i believe richard gave him so many lands in the west country to keep him busy and hopefully out of trouble , breton explained further .
nice piece of country you have here , mick remarked .
i like to think he named it that because it looks like the old log stockades the army built for their forts when the first settlers moved into the country .
it had seemed odd to wear such heavy clothing in july , but the nighttime temperatures in the high country often dropped below freezing even in the middle of summer , and sometimes the harsh , wet winds could be brutal .
he had ridden according to the directions he received in the infrequent settlements along the way , and the country generally lay about as he had been told it would .
the young man who stood covering ridge with a rifle had the cold gaze of a man who had learned to trust nobody in this wild western country .
it seemed as if every time a man turned around in gold country , somebody else was dead or dying or doing his danged fool best to get killed .
then came another pass and another meadow , and so on for several miles as the trail slowly dropped down from the high country .
` ` once we get through a little more rough country on down the way , it 's purty easy goin ' on into adobe city .
he rode all day without stopping as he worked his way north through the rough country on a route approximately parallel to the valley trail .
as they rode out the lower end of the pass and broke out into open country , they could see the six wagons far off down the trail on their way to adobe city .
ridge did not like the looks of the men who came along behind bramwell , and he suspected that these were not just ordinary miners or gold country drifters .
you would think he d eaten country style before .
needless to say there were a couple of lost boots in the thick mud of the country , which was still soaked from the rain the day before , despite the fact it was summer .
we were meant to advance at a slow and steady pace , almost as if we were taking a morning walk in the country .
his body lay now in a shallow grave up in the high country because of one fatal mistake .
ridge raised his rifle and pointed south toward the wild country .
he knew the country an ' he led us out of there all right .
he would be weak from the long imprisonment and starting out in the dark on an unknown trail , and the chances were that char binnaker knew every rock and gulch in the country surrounding his domain .
it had been a breathless rush , driving the sheep at a fast pace over broken country .
the raiders had an easy passage because , although osicedi was quite close to dornite territory as the crow flew , like most of lower kerina the mountainous country around it usually protected it from attacks .
thania was strategically situated close to the border between upper and lower kerina , protected by hills while offering easy access to the open , rolling country to the south , which was the sector that the dornites favoured for their incursions into kerina .
were fighting in level country .
they re travelling across country , away from the regular trails .
the fact was that his conversation with mecolo brought home to him how wearisome it was to climb the heights to the top of the long - beckoning peak only to find that broken , upland country stretched for infinity beyond that .
it did not take very long after arrival in this back - woods country for the scarburgs and ingrams to become close friends .
chapter thireen trash , rebel trash luke had been born in south carolina before the scarburg family left scarlett and moved to the pioneer homestead in the newly settled country of north alabama .
he s up in officers country rite now .
cutting across country , we could negotiate across the cumberland mountains to knoxville .
two sentries are manning posts on either side of a country crossroads .
moonshine and white lightening yes , but slaves no , not in this back woods country ; therefore , they did not believe in fighting for , what they called , the rich mans war .
he said he also heard the majority of inhabitants in this section of the upland country were vehemently anti - south , and hated the plantation owners of tidewater virginia , who owned slaves .
the marshal obviously spotted him as he left the edge of the town , but he made no movement as kitchens crossed the half mile of open country between them .
we succeeded in tricking two of them up the wrong route and left them to starve in the high country when a storm came through and trapped them .
none of us knew what to make of it , except there were quite a few hooves on the open country and they grew louder each passing moment .
then he took a gander around at the open country .
it was all wide open country with rolling small hills , lots of brush and tumbleweeds , all mixed with a brilliant sundown and warm weather .
nope , just a good idea as we are officially inside comanche country to stay dark .
he s pretty old and tired , and if anything happened i would be in the open wild country again by myself .
then i got up on it , took the reigns and we went for a country ride to the east .
it was much different up here and glancing out across the country , you had a hawk eye view of most everything .
i have to say , i was of the firm opinion my horse was a lot less nervous from that trek as well in the high country .
we were moving into the high country and now i was running my horse at a gallop , up that dusty trail amongst alpine .
as a country boy he had a good eye for distance and knew instinctively how to adjust for it .
i m sorry but lorraine latched onto me and she s much too clever for a simple country boy like me .
for his hours of relaxation at home , like the laird of some country estate , he wore a red velvet smoking jacket , fine moleskin trousers , and , to top his outfit off , a matching red velvet smoking hat with a long silver tassel , the strands of which waved elegantly to and fro as he spoke .
the final promise in the letter was , they the children would live in the country where they would be welcome .
now he was able to order the children on their way , out of the arms of weeping mothers and off on the first stage of their journey to a chosen place where they would live in the country , in houses where they would be made welcome .
mrs carter , a stout country woman , shrugged when becky announced her intention of taking val and scott back to glasgow .
instead , through the services of a friend who had a relative in the country , it was arranged the children would be re - evacuated privately to the safety of a pig farm in lanarkshire .
* * * chapter 33 this time instead of the ultra - correct , say - nothing postcards from arran there were newsy letters full of their doings , their new school , and their joy at living the freedom of an unfettered life in the country .
they re having a great time in the country .
there were now reports from grampa graham that he and the bairns real townies all of them were becoming more than a little disillusioned with the tram - car - free isolation and nothing much to do aspect of country living .
yes , mother graham , val is certainly entitled to enter first year here in september but a country school hmm .
she was only in the country school for six or seven months , the rest of her schooling was a greenfield school and i know that has a good reputation .
skinflint and country bumpkin she may be but she does know how to run a house .
` ` perhaps , '' replied mr . billings , ` ` being cousins in such a lonely country setting , they have nothing better to do than conspire together . ''
we have to get up each morning hoping that the people of louisiana will recall their love of country .
a voice deep within him would argue that he should have been content with the small farm they had in western virginia and that only an idiot would give it all up and strike out across the country on a fool 's errand such as this one .
he could n't imagine that he would appear to them to be anything more than what he was a farmer , a man whose flop hat , faded garments , and scarred work boots said all there was to say about the simple country life he led .
* * * william hartman started the buggy team out of the oak grove in front of the small country church and pointed them down the road toward his farm .
jason settled back on the seat beside him , glad to finally be out from under the unabashed , slack - jawed scrutiny of the assembled country folk who were destined to be his new neighbors .
after going another mile on the main road , william turned left onto a narrower lane that led through a patch of woods before emerging into open country once more .
whatever supplies they needed would be purchased by tyson after the rest of the party had passed safely through the city to the open country beyond .
his brother tyson , though odd and introverted , was as skilled as his cherokee friends and teachers with a gun and a knife , and both his wife and his sister mollie were hardy country women who could prove formidable if threatened .
compared with kurt rakestraw , he was , of course , just a boy , but he was bright and handsome , and his quick wit and devilish nature provided her with a sorely needed diversion from the tiresome sameness of country life .
and with that , the three of them mounted up and started off across country , heading due east , toward missouri .
he understood how it could be for a man who had his heart set on reaching a region of abundant , fertile , and practically free land like the oregon country .
by midnight he was riding across country , pushing ned due east , toward home , toward the place that suddenly seemed the only safe haven in the world .
` ` you know the country over there better than most of the other men i could choose , and you have the good judgment it will take to bring your men home alive after each mission .
` ` he asked me to supply a murphy truck that would get him out of the country .
as for the country , once the u.s . had a footing on the mississippi , it would have been the same process as washington taking the ohio .
mama and papa planned to retire to a country village where mama could have a garden and , papa said , where daniel would nt feel papa breathing down his neck .
yesterday he d sent asters ( i love you ) , a watercolour of a country house , and a note that said his mother had asked him to send her mother a painting shed made of their home , avery hall .
chapter six : a visit to the country the flowers kept coming , the type repeated , but in different combinations each day .
she will retiring to a quiet place in the country .
he travels to his country estate in longford , west gloucestershire , to be close to the investigation .
i want somewhere to live ; somewhere in the country where you do not go .
to ensure that his acculturation from country to city life did not include becoming a victim of criminals , rods father had given him a smith and wesson number 3 revolver .
i m just the country rube in the presence of the slick city politician .
you can take the girl out of the country but you ca nt take the country out of her .
if he was willing to help a rat like me just think what he can do for a nice country boy like you , stewart had said .
rod had to drive slower at night , even after he entered the country road outside of evansville because the small headlights only pierced thirty feet of the darkness .
cathy thought this was the most beautiful place she had ever been , a country town in a green valley ringed by towering mountains .
peering from out of his van , shakespeare had witnessed many a strong young country lad , red - faced from embarrassment as back - slappers pushed him forward , fail at the first hurdle .
raleigh is a country man .
it was a nice mid summer day and he was now a country gentleman .
he played the fiddle in a country band , often for local barn dances .
dillon answered yes i ve got to go ; my lawyers taking me into the country to see my new property .
it was a nice summer day and he was now a country gentleman .
once they were several miles upriver they were in hilly country that was densely forested and they stopped and opened up the sides of the buggy then rode on enjoying the breeze .
there was only himself , and tanaquil , and the whole wide country before them ; the sun shone on them , and when a squall drove dark clouds across the sky and soaked them , tanaquil squealed with laughter and pulled him into the shelter of the cart 's leather awning , and when they 'd finished , the sun was shining again .
many people , she reflected , would feel they had been touched by the god ; but she was simply grateful for a day 's good weather , for the stillness of the country after the noise of rome , and for the company of another etruscan woman .
rasce had told him , once the horses were schooled , he should start riding out in the country , to build their stamina , and the thought of a gallop outside the city held strong appeal in these long days of summer , when the heat lay thick over the house and the dust disturbed by the horses ' hooves had a way of getting in his throat .
scouts had reported the sabines massing , assembling in the country towards rome ; they 'd crossed the anio , their traditional border .
at another time he would have enjoyed that hollow silence that always accompanied dusk in the back country , that echoing quiet in which you could hear a sound made miles away as distinctly as if it were next to you , in which a single bird 's song would reverberate endlessly .
they kept going through the dusk ; the colours of the country faded into grey , then black , outlines blurring into a soft darkness , till at last they were following only a rough direction in blackness towards the horizon , where the shapes of the hills were still vaguely sketched in a junction between the brownish dark of the land and the bluish dark of sky .
there was a brief silence when she finished ; it was like one of those moments in the country when , suddenly cold , you realise a chill wind has started to blow , and blacker clouds are shifting over the softer white of the sky , and where you were in sun , you are now in shadow .
that counted for something with tarquinius ; but the daughters , they said , were half - gaulish , offspring of a celtic concubine who had been left in the country at least , she was nowhere in evidence at this wedding . )
there was something wild about him , something of the back country .
it was well after midday when tarquinius decided they had reached the right place ; open country bordering a forest side , sloping down to a meandering valley stream .
it was n't hard country the hills were low , the woods scanty but the valleys twisted and turned and betrayed your sense of orientation , and streambeds cut sharply into the earth and had to be climbed down into and scrambled up from .
master wondered if he 'd made the right decision , hiding in the rough country rather than choosing the high road and greater speed ; if the romans had overtaken them , as the lost day would have enabled them to do , clevsin might not be safe .
` ` there 's a place in the country , '' she said .
her country retreat posed no threat to him ; the villa would never become the centre of a clique of exiles , the focus of plots .
in open country , setting fires to burn the grass and smoke the slingers out .
* * * the city was still emerging from night when they met on the edge of the open country .
they could beat the man to death , but they must not bring blood down on the city ; and the man had a chance to escape , if he could run fast enough , if he could get from here to the boundary stone , and past it , into the unbounded country .
he 'd thought tarquin might have planned to stop here and water the horses , but instead they kept going towards the woods , through greener country now , till they were sheltered by overhanging branches , and the air was cooled by the dark shade of trees .
the land had been too permeable , out here , in the land that was n't quite city , nor country neither .
he could have joined them there ; he could have waited at tanaquil 's villa ; he could have gone to tarchna , and tanaquil 's name would have got him a welcome in velzna , too ; or he could simply have gone up country and disappeared for a few weeks , tickling trout or hunting , which he enjoyed as well as a true countryman for all his city sophistication .
it was pacified country , and had been for some time since before she 'd come to rome with tarquinius ; but it had n't been completely divided up and built over , as so much of the countryside nearer rome had been .
staying at the tlesnasa house , they were in any case at the centre of the life of the city ; they met sethre 's father a few days later , when he returned from a visit to one of the country estates , and it was clear he was something more than the fair - to - middling farmer and trader sethre had always claimed him to be .
` ` there was a man up suana way well , you know what they 're like in the back country who knew all sorts of odd things , like how to dry fish skin , and all kinds of old stories , and what horses were scared of , and how mares got pregnant by the wind . ''
she agreed , in the end , to meet with teitu , secretly ; it would have to be in neutral territory , somewhere deep in the back country between rome and tarchna , where they could ride out on an extended hunting trip from their respective cities , and meet as if by accident .
tarquinius , now , he was half a greek , he might have done that kind of thing ; but servius is up - country etruscan , he does n't understand greeks , and he wo n't trust them as far as he can throw them . ''
since were going to cross the country to make a new start , why not start a cattle ranch ?
you dragged me across the country , preaching duty every day .
possibly modern day pocklington loidis leeds manau goddodin welsh / british kingdom around what is now edinburgh rheged welsh / british kingdom in what is now cumbria salebeia selsby wicstun market weighton a note about the welsh and english if settlement and country names are confusing , the names of the racial groups are even more so .
then said when he got there he discovered they were down country for roundup and the ranch was empty .
pa 's horse slipped out from under him up country and bust up his leg .
and just who in damnation do you fancy yourself , you country jake ?
you all think small thoughts , like do most backwoods , country bumpkins .
ah should have known , this is bourbon country , not the french champagne .
~~~ the meeting with the marquis took place earlier than he expected , until he reminded himself that the country noblemen often ate earlier than city folk .
amazing how odd a little country air can make a city man , he said with a smile , and brian escorted lady littlefield home , his red armor disappearing in the distance .
he asked her if she preferred the country over life in town , and she said she had not decided .
i am sick of the country .
i witnessed galeren slay five men on a country road because they wanted to hurt me .
some were already trundling out of town , heading for country estates , though whether they would be safer there was anybodys guess .
it was all very well for those who had country estates to flee to ; the rest of us had no choice but to stay put , come what may , and trust to our new walls and our own hands to defend us .
mr dashwood has taken some of their more valuable goods to their country house , and nicholas has gone with his father to help .
should i go out into the country somewhere , and perhaps put it in a hollow tree , or bury it under a hedge ?
it was surprising how quickly the rich citizens who had gone to their country houses when the armies were approaching began to come back now they were leaving .
well , micah , or mr judd as i ought to be calling you , now you be an up - an - coming apothecary i wouldn a thought yould be a - chasing over the country for lost carts , specially not one belonging to jacob perrin .
we had hardly seen anyone on the road so far , but as we approached the town there were quite a lot of people on foot and some carts and waggons bringing produce in from the country .
he seemed to be one of those who grow gloomy over their drink , and he seemed rather depressed at the turn the war had taken , with the west country , which had seemed firmly in parliaments control , now largely taken over by the royalists .
besides , we country apothecaries are used to travelling further than your city practitioners , in places like london or bristol .
i know wise is a word sometimes applied by the country folk to those who might otherwise be called queer in the head or mad , so i began to wonder what sort of a person malachy moore would turn out to be .
too bad its hard to make any kind of money out in the country , unless we become farmers on a big spread .
the king had divided the field into two groups : men from the west country against the men from the east .
king william of scotland , another of henrys inveterate enemies , ravaged the north country and succeeded in capturing nottingham in the spring of 1174 .
dylan had told her that after the destruction of maelgwns fortress , a new stronghold was erected in higher country , hopefully out of the reach of the normans , who hated to pass through the wooded areas which made them so vulnerable to welsh attacks .
morning spent gaming with liam , sean , and rob , lads from the country north of glasgow .
ma had come back to them , and uncle richard was doing fine now , with his new wife , new sons , and new country .
most of the low country planters of charleston society went north to newport or some city where they could get away from the heat .
the plantation families from the low country were away at their summer homes to escape the oppressive heat .
here in rice country , the people were more defined by the inheritance , the family name and estates .
she only hoped living out in the country would not be displeasing .
chicken with some o that good low country rice and string beans and the best lemon cake .
he left the river and headed overland through open country .
` ` we never , never , fight in open country .
seeing my patients often takes me out of town for more than a day or two as i make my rounds in the country .
he would not be happy , nor comfortable , in our rustic country estates .
you will be wasting yourself here in the poor country , gissler said .
by late afternoon leopolds predictions had materialized , for no knight at the country tourney could stand before gisslers speed and skill .
when you are shut up safe in your hut , in front of a warm fire , and the screams of dying country men can be heard beyond your walls , i trust you will say a prayer for them , ferryman .
to be summoned before the duke of styria and further austria is an honor an old country judge like myself rarely sees .
and his backside felt like it had been beaten by the hours of country roads .
she got up and fixed herself a big country breakfast and enjoyed a long summer 's day reading on the front porch with a big glass of freshly brewed tea that usually only the men of the house were allowed to have .
the forty minute drive to the christmas tree farm took them out of the city center and into farm country .
in the farmlands , the ranches , the wide open spaces of big sky country they outnumber people .
even though the initial threat was on the decline , most people did nt want to go back out to the country until this had completely dissipated .
johnny cash : zz proboscis - 3.0 - z character - minor a country singer .
johnny cash a country singer .
kenny rogers : zz the lagerstatte - 3.0 - z character - minor a country singer .
kenny rogers a country singer .
olde towne : z place - zz catch hell - 4.0 forty miles east of seattle in hill country .
places olde towne forty miles east of seattle in hill country .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
old virginia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 414 the 226 i 212 a 170 and 158 to 157 of 109 was 104 in 99 my 93 you 80 he 73 it 66 had 65 his 65 for 62 me 61 on 60 with 57 that 46 her 45 she 44 were 41 this 41 they 39 we 37 is 36 as 35 from 35 strauss 32 what 32 him 31 one 30 at 29 porter 29 riley 28 if 27 an 27 said 26 be 26 like 25 so 24 by 24 would 23 into 23 men 23 did n't 22 no 22 some 22 there 21 about 21 are 20 hatcher 20 up 19 back 19 more 19 but 19 all 19 been 19 not 18 who 18 virginia 18 them 17 did 17 out 16 or 16 your 16 when 15 doctor 15 too 15 us 14 do n't 14 have 14 do 13 our 13 know 13 things 13 old 12 could 12 cap 12 herman 12 how 12 will 12 mother 11 man 11 their 11 subject 11 down 11 cabin 11 here 10 people 10 company 10 why 10 roger 10 world 10 got 10 made 10 off 10 find 10 then 9 can 9 better 9 way 9 where 9 over 9 until 9 eyes 9 it 's 9 i 'd 9 through 9 around 9 years 9 before 9 first 8 get 8 behind 8 something 8 right 8 say 8 tallhat 8 than 8 after 8 intelligence 8 you 're 8 much 8 seen 8 make 8 now 8 cuba 8 help 8 oh 8 face 8 two 8 ever 8 take 8 door 7 even 7 table 7 white 7 was n't 7 those 7 just 7 came 7 any 7 captain 7 doctors 7 best 7 had n't 7 took 7 garland 7 started 7 i 'll 7 thought 7 myself 7 asked 7 yes 7 cigarette 7 these 7 head 7 anything 7 saw 6 research 6 want 6 dark 6 kept 6 its 6 x 6 without 6 kind 6 new 6 upon 6 good 6 last 6 porter 's 6 break 6 except 6 yeah 6 far 6 such 6 time 6 has 6 began 6 few 6 black 6 talk 6 war 6 maybe 6 hands 6 might 6 three 6 shadow 6 sat 6 put 6 day 6 since 6 called 6 across 6 while 6 see 6 tell 6 team 5 riley 's 5 gone 5 i ' m 5 nasty 5 go 5 fire 5 near 5 never 5 little 5 went 5 voice 5 file 5 next 5 big 5 else 5 woods 5 nobody 5 wanted 5 well 5 richards 5 field 5 knew 5 think 5 need 5 does 5 documents 5 important 5 mouth 5 dead 5 own 5 operation 5 work 5 let 5 light 5 yet 5 drew 5 she 's 5 because 5 found 5 fell 5 read 5 enough 4 wo n't 4 happy 4 doing 4 bad 4 davis 4 god 4 lips 4 metal 4 gave 4 rained 4 bed 4 great 4 pretty 4 ten 4 most 4 again 4 wall 4 left 4 rode 4 heard 4 decided 4 against 4 clothes 4 inside 4 i ' ve 4 weapon 4 seemed 4 other 4 boys 4 forest 4 worse 4 holes 4 stood 4 road 4 give 4 being 4 copper 4 reds 4 also 4 days 4 returned 4 activity 4 poor 4 lucky 4 detail 4 slipped 4 although 4 fingers 4 post 4 whatever 4 morning 4 family 4 dox 4 happened 4 getting 4 couple 4 rest 4 close 4 still 4 problem 4 became 4 sent 4 given 4 broke 4 am 4 children 4 done 4 shook 4 lab 4 could n't 4 does n't 4 game 4 wore 4 night 4 room 3 taken 3 trust 3 going 3 project 3 everyone 3 matter 3 really 3 truck 3 return 3 already 3 arms 3 deal 3 ike 3 expression 3 that 's 3 marching 3 we 'll 3 plan 3 mk - ultra 3 ops 3 meat 3 dream 3 many 3 talking 3 watching 3 wrong 3 quick 3 bloody 3 croatoan 3 away 3 later 3 past 3 farmhouse 3 move 3 neck 3 langley 3 chair 3 they 're 3 soissons 3 needed 3 boots 3 rubbed 3 special 3 natives 3 rats 3 island 3 report 3 only 3 meet 3 mountain 3 come 3 least 3 less 3 ones 3 glass 3 playing 3 mind 3 hundred 3 what 's 3 another 3 view 3 circlet 3 broken 3 news 3 strange 3 meant 3 baby 3 figure 3 possessed 3 possibly 3 may 3 jesus 3 test 3 required 3 coat 3 evidence 3 stank 3 guess 3 member 3 you 'll 3 closed 3 turned 3 throat 3 use 3 files 3 minutes 3 porch 3 you 'd 3 lot 3 lay 3 place 3 worked 3 flesh 3 situation 3 nature 3 certain 3 waiting 3 watch 3 clairvoyant 3 hell 3 nothing 3 outside 3 young 3 difficult 3 power 3 business 3 lighted 3 unless 3 hours 3 steel 3 bowl 3 life 3 soldier 3 care 3 spoke 3 we 're 3 log 3 cold 3 english 3 lived 3 everybody 3 long 3 become 3 history 3 seems 3 pleased 3 talked 3 wish 3 promise 3 smile 3 virginia 's 3 quite 3 exactly 3 six 3 tracks 3 between 3 though 3 dinner 3 attack 3 suppose 3 must 3 single 3 lost 3 fellows 3 tongue 3 ready 3 track 3 idea 3 nor 3 ground 3 swallowed 3 should ' ve 3 shall 3 which 3 small 3 once 3 allies 3 window 3 name 3 glasses 3 brown 2 farms 2 gray 2 medicine 2 bladder 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 hats 2 kgb 2 trouble 2 failed 2 hear 2 sufficient 2 tires 2 hatch 2 gather 2 anymore 2 surprise 2 cracks 2 heavily 2 evening 2 personal 2 bring 2 arrived 2 birth 2 drifted 2 neil 2 eventually 2 they 'll 2 eating 2 wet 2 tree 2 folks 2 compromised 2 scotch 2 rather 2 age 2 area 2 die 2 gets 2 pot 2 dawn 2 morbid 2 experience 2 simple 2 beach 2 hill 2 he 's 2 college 2 silhouette 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 german 2 nervous 2 alone 2 provender 2 man 's 2 questions 2 crone 's 2 bodies 2 picked 2 possible 2 dear 2 pancakes 2 poured 2 shit 2 conversation 2 letters 2 under 2 forgotten 2 soon 2 end 2 follow 2 piece 2 suspected 2 woman 2 image 2 sorry 2 data 2 protect 2 someone 2 straitjacket 2 sure 2 shotguns 2 s 2 sweated 2 anyone 2 hoped 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 look 2 information 2 storm 2 winter 2 shotgun 2 knows 2 sweep 2 convinced 2 probably 2 plenty 2 joke 2 tasted 2 skull 2 unfortunately 2 intended 2 mr 2 liked 2 certainly 2 hiding 2 missing 2 hatcher 's 2 resources 2 somebody 2 infant 2 escape 2 older 2 course 2 castro 2 kids 2 hurt 2 okay 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 drooling 2 jolly 2 sharp 2 carved 2 followed 2 sank 2 screwed 2 abandoned 2 palisade 2 military 2 vanished 2 lanky 2 windows 2 trained 2 pleasure 2 ah 2 surely 2 waited 2 guerillas 2 heels 2 makes 2 sound 2 fear 2 ha 2 standing 2 cut 2 papers 2 coming 2 french 2 chuckled 2 yard 2 catch 2 maintain 2 christ 2 afraid 2 u 2 planks 2 nine 2 reason 2 tin 2 mud 2 winked 2 muffled 2 guys 2 library 2 ditches 2 observed 2 notion 2 armor 2 belly 2 spent 2 needles 2 brain 2 taste 2 nearby 2 grinned 2 moved 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 search 2 thin 2 bit 2 rumors 2 eye 2 guard 2 afternoon 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 fine 2 pops 2 word 2 stare 2 line 2 ceased 2 mengele 2 earth 2 process 2 everything 2 indicated 2 tears 2 bore 2 wondered 2 bizarre 2 red 2 roanoke 2 let 's 2 control 2 wrote 2 mystery 2 whispered 2 call 2 listening 2 feet 2 cooking 2 main 2 reminded 2 moment 2 month 2 cro 2 crude 2 smoked 2 chill 2 security 2 thick 2 nail 2 answer 2 farm 2 opened 2 collection 2 built 2 grand 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 experiments 2 several 2 lead 2 dox 's 2 feel 2 scenario 2 thinking 2 legs 2 water 2 whether 2 silence 2 each 2 full 2 dreamt 2 finished 2 recognized 2 doubt 2 however 2 testing 2 among 2 muscles 2 badger 2 trees 2 pawns 2 miners 2 seeped 2 rain 2 captured 2 dry 2 sweat 2 hey 2 batista 's 2 handle 2 indeed 2 circlets 2 hunting 2 stopped 2 facilities 2 deep 2 often 2 waste 2 felt 2 same 2 believed 2 free 2 hour 2 others 2 dim 2 you ' ve 2 principal 2 lingered 2 incident 2 roby 2 women 2 looked 2 public 2 entry 2 able 2 faces 2 hole 2 pulled 2 appeared 2 watched 2 machines 2 alive 2 wants 2 dressed 2 machinery 2 glycerin 2 walking 2 shoulder 2 struggle 2 hardcases 2 broad 2 muddy 2 slicing 2 used 2 true 2 conduct 2 change 2 are n't 2 laughed 2 unknown 2 cried 2 corpses 2 pull 2 locked 2 instead 2 sort 2 bigger 2 nearly 2 low 2 stove 2 garrison 2 killed 2 either 2 stalked 2 agreed 2 senses 2 helped 2 auschwitz 2 short 2 gold 2 looking 2 carry 2 works 2 thing 2 along 2 party 2 times 2 pair 2 noises 1 nape 1 greeting 1 squalled 1 issue 1 dropped 1 calm 1 bunked 1 nearest 1 sole 1 swiveled 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 twenty 1 gloves 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 poking 1 screws 1 lucid 1 satisfying 1 lumbered 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 death 1 wizened 1 reptilian 1 giving 1 loaded 1 peaked 1 loyalists 1 coals 1 flopped 1 ran 1 escalates 1 goddamned 1 congratulated 1 refill 1 conditions 1 treated 1 environs 1 local 1 snicked 1 ear 1 knots 1 suspicion 1 show 1 win 1 intercepted 1 lack 1 stubbed 1 breath 1 lizard - bald 1 limped 1 bravest 1 patrol 1 rusted 1 steely 1 yours 1 supply 1 em 1 blacken 1 thickly 1 slurping 1 dangle 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 inform 1 dripped 1 tramp 1 implant 1 veteran 1 psychic 1 stains 1 doc 1 devices 1 eaves 1 virtue 1 position 1 drain 1 whistling 1 organize 1 fifty - plus 1 financing 1 dipped 1 compelled 1 rendezvoused 1 lsd 1 yellow 1 paralyzed 1 atom - smashing 1 codes 1 commie 1 seconds 1 real 1 set 1 country 1 obvious 1 torch 1 job 1 counting 1 secrets 1 met 1 swooped 1 logical 1 invented 1 polite 1 dared 1 detached 1 brow 1 survey 1 richardses 1 blasphemous 1 perfect 1 raleigh 1 sleep 1 illusion 1 gangrene 1 blocked 1 dug 1 overcome 1 decisions 1 shut 1 appreciates 1 unimaginable 1 programs 1 attach 1 debacle 1 shelves 1 dame 1 sobbing 1 chorus 1 persisted 1 excitement 1 existence 1 generator 's 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 huge 1 adopted 1 brilliant 1 third 1 dense 1 boy 1 carolina 1 spasms 1 stole 1 clamped 1 dr 1 pulling 1 russians 1 he 'd 1 horrible 1 foreign 1 stuff 1 closely 1 chess 1 plain 1 coney 1 tests 1 results 1 feigned 1 fried 1 christian 1 shaved 1 stubble 1 monstrous 1 notches 1 thump 1 flaw 1 knife 1 scarce 1 cook 1 blued 1 necessary 1 fret 1 handled 1 explorers 1 four 1 staggered 1 scuttlebutt 1 honors 1 whispering 1 starfish 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 plastic 1 wine 1 muzzled 1 luck 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 contraptions 1 listened 1 hair 1 routine 1 deadly 1 tribes 1 melodramatic 1 unorthodox 1 majestic 1 spectacle 1 advance 1 two - man 1 doozy 1 temple 1 silent 1 dick 1 diameter 1 jealous 1 arthritis 1 assembled 1 woke 1 coffee 1 cookfires 1 turning 1 escorted 1 how 's 1 marshy 1 stack 1 gorge 1 dusk 1 universities 1 san 1 crap 1 spilled 1 quiz 1 damn 1 league 1 fast 1 instinct 1 gate 1 losses 1 distortion 1 flashlight 1 carrion 1 cigarettes 1 damned 1 turks 1 angular 1 climb 1 questing 1 account 1 syllable 1 running 1 correctly 1 phantom 1 drunkenly 1 extrapolate 1 escaped 1 rectify 1 refused 1 relation 1 tasting 1 uncertainty 1 compose 1 grasped 1 she 'll 1 aloofness 1 dirty 1 stiff 1 soaked 1 aching 1 destroyed 1 prevented 1 tricks 1 competent 1 colonist 1 members 1 sworn 1 hatteras 1 turn 1 iron 1 split 1 passed 1 birthed 1 spools 1 kicked 1 acquiescence 1 preferred 1 harder 1 lacked 1 button 1 spartan 1 sequence 1 molecular 1 biting 1 ai n't 1 determined 1 moments 1 tattooed 1 overly 1 hacking 1 brother 1 crouched 1 weirding 1 personally 1 unintelligible 1 radio 1 superior 1 medical 1 dropping 1 psych 1 records 1 wipe 1 origin 1 splendid 1 miss 1 theory 1 sated 1 throats 1 unnerving 1 satisfy 1 purely 1 company 's 1 classified 1 pictures 1 effective 1 strike 1 butt 1 smiled 1 living 1 technology 1 timbuktu 1 neat 1 resistance 1 slats 1 dank 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 fed 1 hum 1 dominance 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 plots 1 departure 1 nonsense 1 victims 1 herself 1 child 1 gibbering 1 grown 1 reshape 1 topographical 1 shack 1 whole 1 senile 1 vital 1 send 1 cautiously 1 midwestern 1 pal 1 innocent 1 banged 1 rattled 1 nose 1 communication 1 characters 1 steal 1 official ' 1 deemed 1 screamed 1 researchers 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 trembled 1 d - did 1 demanded 1 obscure 1 piss 1 profile 1 spaniards 1 actually 1 would ' ve 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 changed 1 meatier 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 money 1 folder 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 awful 1 corrugated 1 kidnap 1 cynicism 1 forward 1 carve 1 detritus 1 eager 1 sake 1 sought 1 soldiers 1 lamplight 1 curious 1 ceiling 1 song 1 hoping 1 submerged 1 detailed 1 offering 1 roof 1 sipping 1 diminished 1 savant 1 rocky 1 there 's 1 sounds 1 soup 1 horn 1 quietly 1 yawned 1 explained 1 part 1 flight 1 confident 1 experiment 1 clatter 1 shifted 1 shocked 1 inconclusive 1 cackle 1 jungles 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 disaster 1 begged 1 drumming 1 folklore 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 blind 1 likewise 1 drag 1 armed 1 bitterly 1 havana 1 fruitless 1 hurricanes 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 pasture 1 making 1 numbness 1 camps 1 west 1 suspend 1 campus 1 axis 1 state 1 ranks 1 foresaw 1 converse 1 shrewd 1 numerous 1 flat 1 secured 1 behavior 1 degrees 1 tremors 1 indecipherable 1 ink 1 collapsed 1 tall 1 accent 1 creaked 1 paper 1 stuck 1 photokinetics 1 devil 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 welded 1 sunrise 1 finding 1 duty 1 washed 1 died 1 fate 1 cast 1 merely 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 burning 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 grew 1 middle 1 younger 1 mumbled 1 adults 1 flakes 1 calmed 1 handed 1 1945 1 ahead 1 mines 1 thrashing 1 wake 1 configure 1 regarded 1 towered 1 antiseptic 1 suffering 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 curfew 1 cautious 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 scratch 1 dossiers 1 ability 1 improve 1 draws 1 traitor 1 likely 1 kinds 1 barely 1 keen 1 dough 1 easel 1 sharks 1 sighed 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 twenty - mile 1 laughing 1 career 1 preparing 1 france 1 emerge 1 viewer 1 disappeared 1 hump 1 awfully 1 caper 1 rube 1 ideas 1 fond 1 posts 1 commander 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 scraps 1 sounded 1 wars 1 richards ' 1 pursued 1 follows 1 frothing 1 cots 1 worried 1 slit 1 bothers 1 withdrew 1 chuckling 1 digging 1 involved 1 pulses 1 gun 1 lousy 1 term 1 chemicals 1 ash 1 allocation 1 loud 1 tendrils 1 sabotaged 1 diesel 1 hero 1 phosphorescent 1 sit 1 balls - up 1 teams 1 powerful 1 manner 1 throttling 1 patriot 1 bunched 1 specter 1 rewarded 1 idiots 1 cured 1 broth 1 earnest 1 wildly 1 cot 1 laid 1 inadequate 1 frantic 1 office 1 potential 1 migraine 1 worth 1 concentrated 1 andreas 1 plodding 1 padded 1 beheld 1 castro 's 1 none 1 whip 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 beam 1 upside 1 cellar 1 approaching 1 leaned 1 unbalanced 1 spies 1 pitchy 1 walnut 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 straight 1 sadism 1 air 1 additionally 1 traveled 1 quaintly 1 gaze 1 thusly 1 smooth 1 stetsons 1 misled 1 hoofing 1 gagged 1 chief 1 hamburgers 1 embarrassing 1 expire 1 biologist 1 decorated 1 presently 1 operations 1 different 1 terms 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 caltech 1 ace 1 glances 1 relieved 1 matriarch 1 blocks 1 beware 1 crazed 1 regard 1 glare 1 moisture 1 walk 1 wires 1 manage 1 number 1 shields 1 ominous 1 flickering 1 cowboy 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 clicked 1 remember 1 toppled 1 managed 1 professionals 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 wrecked 1 proved 1 colonization 1 nasal 1 forecast 1 aloud 1 included 1 exhaled 1 breaking 1 question 1 hefty 1 creatures 1 fishbowl 1 pressure 1 buck 1 tablet 1 bled 1 fallen 1 mess 1 gears 1 tricked 1 shot 1 nefarious 1 bears 1 blade 1 include 1 furious 1 eased 1 rush 1 precisely 1 easy 1 realized 1 glacial 1 rise 1 sir 1 mimeographed 1 steamy 1 ruined 1 join 1 assigned 1 gentle 1 rolling 1 jackets 1 pain 1 priority 1 misfortune 1 layman 's 1 glowing 1 envisioned 1 sam 1 crone 1 shape 1 played 1 dangerous 1 uncapped 1 edge 1 ancient 1 june 1 decades 1 talent 1 subtlety 1 north 1 pane 1 deer 1 hiroshima 1 balm 1 fingers ' 1 ward 1 illumination 1 shortly 1 fortify 1 son 1 human 1 physicist 1 twice 1 cracking 1 interfere 1 rims 1 locate 1 hills 1 sanity 1 cabinets 1 teeth 1 scientific 1 quavered 1 cry 1 phone 1 showed 1 filled 1 daddy 1 reaction 1 grunted 1 bunk 1 element 1 suddenly 1 uttered 1 math 1 lapsed 1 peeking 1 keeps 1 1915 1 everything 's 1 rid 1 gnawed 1 scholars 1 continue 1 out - of - season 1 handcuffed 1 words 1 boxy 1 sealed 1 uneventful 1 week 1 pessimistic 1 charm 1 curtain 1 junior 1 bonfires 1 korea 1 hired 1 appeal 1 shiny 1 dried 1 powers 1 conference 1 mentioned 1 we 'd 1 lolled 1 rocking 1 events 1 rusty 1 labs 1 dispatched 1 grabbed 1 safe 1 star 1 sonofabitches 1 yielded 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 fastened 1 establish 1 ice 1 clouds 1 fool 1 chin 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 whisper 1 stick 1 spared 1 idiot 1 harm 1 treetops 1 nodded 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 bet 1 range 1 frayed 1 ivy 1 root 1 lightened 1 bushes 1 greasy 1 backs 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 major 1 comprised 1 expedition 1 disembodied 1 fearful 1 play 1 snow 1 wobbly 1 million 1 vigor 1 obviously 1 recon 1 slack 1 shrugged 1 lauded 1 cracked 1 automatons 1 seasoned 1 progressing 1 breast 1 oozing 1 birds 1 presence 1 thank 1 pox 1 authority 1 ended 1 check 1 cow 1 flooded 1 demeanor 1 naked 1 note 1 memos 1 keeping 1 fight 1 colossal 1 race 1 south 1 germans 1 top 1 front 1 asking 1 contests 1 meeting 1 amount 1 excuse 1 triumphant 1 government 1 york 1 blowing 1 price 1 tits - up 1 clipped 1 reassurances 1 contact 1 bombs 1 surmised 1 smirk 1 bar 1 saboteur 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 four - star 1 doors 1 properly 1 poise 1 settlement 1 chunks 1 encompass 1 yourself 1 poisoned 1 passion 1 bona 1 known 1 gig 1 stroked 1 tickled 1 director 1 shell 1 assimilated 1 objectives 1 shout 1 helpful 1 sonofabitch 1 conduit 1 watery 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 monumental 1 forgiven 1 grace 1 houses 1 quaked 1 immortality 1 certificate 1 center 1 bitching 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 margin 1 wiped 1 bloomed 1 threw 1 program 1 calculus 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 plants 1 coarsened 1 1589 1 speaking 1 fortunately 1 grip 1 lurking 1 support 1 wrapped 1 goddamnit 1 goose 1 car 1 clotted 1 portion 1 content 1 kick 1 mostly 1 haul 1 applications 1 canvas 1 transport 1 disrupted 1 wood 1 solely 1 anyway 1 squirms 1 settlers 1 during 1 bread 1 clues 1 frozen 1 deeper 1 speak 1 stupidest 1 clue 1 squeaked 1 darkness 1 latrine 1 moves 1 tottering 1 fixing 1 raining 1 comment 1 symbols 1 crooned 1 assemble 1 details 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 operatives 1 analgesic 1 chum 1 rogers 1 extraction 1 disappear 1 easily 1 subtle 1 comes 1 gestured 1 ears 1 induced 1 robey 1 rasped 1 slope 1 pack 1 efficacious 1 closest 1 captain 's 1 pig 1 wished 1 mind 's 1 troops 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 strauss ' 1 arranged 1 options 1 helping 1 township 1 suggest 1 filter 1 staff 1 colonial 1 leak 1 recording 1 momentous 1 dinosaurs 1 rotten 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 chalk 1 tittered 1 scrap 1 basic 1 obstructing 1 herr 1 somber 1 mail 1 portended 1 mistaken 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 1588 1 rubber 1 raid 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 symptoms 1 humorless 1 loomed 1 amazingly 1 every 1 oak 1 puking 1 isolated 1 static 1 wilds 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 terrible 1 blue - eyed 1 lifted 1 unspecified 1 maps 1 dustbin 1 sky 1 clicking 1 rank 1 slow 1 similarly 1 map 1 inner 1 imminent 1 sooner 1 dull 1 case 1 rabbits 1 blunders 1 colonists ' 1 ago 1 killers 1 fabricated 1 prove 1 entertain 1 caliber 1 together 1 bald 1 scatter 1 wolfing 1 animal 1 guessed 1 aquamarine 1 earned 1 touched 1 rope 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 kernel 1 stared 1 beads 1 wound 1 arrives 1 nixon 1 sensation 1 feelings 1 balls 1 hypothesis 1 foolish 1 coyote 1 deadfalls 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 active 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 hinky 1 smart 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 please 1 distance 1 pistol 1 subordinate 1 civilization 1 signs 1 paperwork 1 aside 1 enforcer 1 brain - buggered 1 remains 1 smothered 1 home 1 provided 1 plug 1 large 1 mayhem 1 brothers 1 gulped 1 bark 1 attempt 1 laughter 1 rock 1 legend 1 bulk 1 strain 1 hopping 1 damage 1 commissioned 1 accepting 1 clenched 1 harsher 1 prudent 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 threats 1 diet 1 central 1 burned 1 batista 1 elements 1 trains 1 careful 1 tortured 1 impress 1 cursing 1 aware 1 flinch 1 displaced 1 raveled 1 leaves 1 shivered 1 discipline 1 plate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 physicists 1 hideous 1 camphor 1 unhappy 1 debriefing 1 contemplative 1 paranoia 1 scandal 1 mile 1 heart 1 pillows 1 poker 1 complacent 1 uncle 1 alabaster 1 1953 1 examinations 1 chew 1 bowels 1 paddling 1 unclassified 1 scouted 1 in - law 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 portions 1 flame - thrower 1 miles 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 abnormal 1 service 1 shelled 1 forever 1 guidance 1 possess 1 telegram 1 settlements 1 sidelong 1 cigar 1 army 1 hearing 1 hilarity 1 mustered 1 pussyfoot 1 tangentially 1 swayed 1 dumb 1 mightily 1 seize 1 weight 1 caricatures 1 filly 1 rip 1 tough 1 wounds 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 appearances 1 limit 1 block 1 darker 1 accompanied 1 shots 1 edgy 1 paradise 1 hardly 1 lick 1 kid 1 president 's 1 stripe 1 expendable 1 we ' ve 1 assignment 1 delighted 1 caved 1 arcane 1 comedy 1 borne 1 worst 1 rutted 1 boring 1 monkeys 1 shrieks 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 private 1 tonight 1 happen 1 title 1 direction 1 cover 1 command 1 seagulls 1 covering 1 twenty - eight 1 watchdog 1 warning 1 grim 1 network 1 preoccupation 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 resilience 1 glided 1 nonetheless 1 nice 1 produced 1 clever 1 tight 1 were n't 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 blond 1 smashed 1 fide 1 anew 1 livelier 1 stars 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 bandaged 1 blurry 1 wilderness 1 blanket 1 hq 1 fifteen 1 satisfaction 1 hulks 1 verdun 1 advising 1 pitcher 1 quantity 1 hook 1 blood 1 lunatic 1 umbrella 1 sun 1 fossils 1 disgusted 1 interrogate 1 elongated 1 suited 1 conjecture 1 bits 1 flowed 1 nails 1 barked 1 trotting 1 untended 1 hold 1 precise 1 babbled 1 whiskey 1 tickertape 1 finest 1 branches 1 smirking 1 loose 1 president 1 sector 1 fault 1 charred 1 born 1 graduated 1 blue - tinged 1 spread 1 ass 1 deteriorated 1 friends 1 hike 1 something 's 1 pantry 1 53 1 longevity 1 dwindled 1 link 1 convenient 1 nap 1 fumbling 1 thugs 1 shriek 1 mole 1 cryptic 1 gag 1 reeked 1 secret 1 branch 1 oceans 1 visited 1 extract 1 psychotropics 1 kill 1 erratum 1 assure 1 eyelids 1 dixie 1 soothing 1 legendary 1 tractor 1 swoop 1 engineer 1 england 1 cavity 1 eleven 1 echo 1 using 1 semiconsciousness 1 live ' 1 pocket 1 gap 1 comb 1 contrary 1 bent 1 bow 1 shoes 1 anybody 's 1 fourth 1 intact 1 radar 1 wooden 1 incoherently 1 bum 1 dogs 1 propped 1 outhouse 1 generator 1 always 1 tone 1 clearance 1 touch 1 noon 1 jerries 1 written 1 grinning 1 unfriendly 1 faculties 1 warn 1 endured 1 pep 1 within 1 latent 1 dresden 1 cruel - minded 1 spare 1 blot 1 wind - blasted 1 pools 1 dreams 1 trip 1 pills 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 pale 1 shaggy 1 level 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 friend 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 spite 1 best - case 1 robbed 1 occurring 1 knees 1 they ' ve 1 stench 1 frequency 1 wits 1 squirmed 1 sallow 1 briefed 1 confided 1 slightly 1 disposals 1 cake 1 empty 1 slaughter 1 dimple 1 dust 1 glittered 1 moldered 1 mankind 1 delays 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 woman 's 1 self - aggrandizement 1 considerable 1 scared 1 looks 1 functioning 1 reached 1 exists 1 remote 1 fashion 1 believe 1 revelries 1 desire 1 evilly 1 moving 1 anywhere 1 adolph 1 secure 1 nicer 1 further 1 base 1 colony 1 messages 1 perimeter 1 sours 1 eisenhower 's 1 drizzled 1 abrupt 1 thirty 1 influence 1 realize 1 spy 1 brute 1 mary 1 step 1 asylum 1 derail 1 flaccid 1 objects 1 promising 1 point 1 1700 1 forehead 1 gained 1 gazing 1 detractors 1 marched 1 liver 1 realization 1 williams 1 dread 1 conviction 1 targets 1 should n't 1 reading 1 staring 1 former 1 extort 1 geniuses 1 glow 1 raked 1 skinny 1 lending 1 babysitting 1 unwholesomely 1 sixth 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 tangible 1 clear 1 supporter 1 breakthrough 1 screams 1 haystacks 1 shredding 1 impossible 1 volunteers 1 school 1 coolness 1 officer 1 lose 1 cave 1 milky 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 goat 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 courage 1 enemy 1 translated 1 brazen 1 snap 1 purpose 1 lingering 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 present 1 headed 1 cashing 1 isolation 1 potbellied 1 interrupted 1 joined 1 reservations 1 ate 1 weather 1 housecleaning 1 wept 1 gobbled 1 drown 1 precautions 1 upturned 1 sprint 1 supposed 1 tag 1 governor 1 walked 1 russian 1 ca n't 1 general 1 noticed 1 century 1 quiet 1 five 1 task 1 bitter 1 clock 1 shielding 1 seem 1 leave 1 chortled 1 hard - on 1 spending 1 fired 1 scrawls 1 too - long 1 shirt 1 town 1 blank 1 acting 1 completely 1 normandy 1 safety 1 retreat 1 poster 1 susurration 1 seventy 1 chittering 1 chance 1 imprecations 1 simply 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 involvement 1 investigation 1 humans 1 traces 1 racket 1 oozed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 huh 1 stomach 1 she 'd 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 pronto 1 crossed 1 brought 1 shop 1 greatness 1 jargon 1 squirted 1 perusing 1 bought 1 swore 1 celebration 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 quarter 1 hypnosis 1 floorboards 1 stupid 1 services 1 worshipped 1 reduced 1 live 1 counter 1 plundered 1 scientists 1 soul 1 community 1 squelching 1 blankly 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 battlefields 1 checked 1 deaf 1 disabled 1 covert 1 high 1 exploration 1 moods 921 .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
six six six - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 six six six 438 the 265 and 205 a 146 of 114 he 106 to 98 she 97 in 95 her 88 his 80 i 75 was 54 on 54 it 52 you 49 that 44 with 37 for 34 as 34 said 30 from 29 at 28 into 26 not 25 were 25 this 25 my 23 what 22 me 22 one 21 him 21 is 21 like 18 i ' m 18 had 18 but 17 or 17 your 17 so 17 light 17 when 16 over 16 through 15 by 15 would 15 pop 15 did n't 15 room 14 an 14 there 14 house 14 it 's 13 no 13 did 13 glass 13 they 13 them 12 do n't 12 if 12 off 12 all 12 black 12 then 12 do 12 out 11 something 11 wine 11 made 11 karl 11 thought 11 across 11 see 11 door 10 he 'd 10 back 10 father 10 eyes 10 she 's 10 carling 10 around 9 get 9 was n't 9 its 9 than 9 why 9 another 9 got 8 that 's 8 under 8 we 8 after 8 more 8 toward 8 up 8 magic 8 family 8 about 8 face 8 here 8 put 8 while 7 even 7 better 7 set 7 hair 7 way 7 living 7 again 7 left 7 against 7 know 7 how 7 their 7 until 7 box 7 old 7 oh 7 are 7 feel 7 hand 7 window 7 ca n't 7 head 7 she 'd 7 thing 6 robe 6 table 6 could 6 want 6 who 6 away 6 just 6 went 6 you 're 6 be 6 much 6 come 6 some 6 bedroom 6 now 6 too 6 mean 6 mention 6 think 6 feet 6 down 6 long 6 floor 6 been 6 us 6 before 5 going 5 really 5 real 5 shut 5 bad 5 right 5 fire 5 never 5 dark 5 say 5 bed 5 neck 5 kind 5 there 's 5 wall 5 where 5 kitchen 5 abba 5 other 5 yeah 5 far 5 sound 5 time 5 place 5 darkness 5 have 5 talk 5 maybe 5 cold 5 trees 5 still 5 will 5 dry 5 stairs 5 day 5 called 5 tell 5 sister 4 can 4 gone 4 met 4 white 4 couch 4 go 4 hot 4 husband 4 god 4 flashlight 4 poured 4 our 4 brightened 4 came 4 someone 4 screamed 4 lying 4 upon 4 plates 4 only 4 pop 's 4 good 4 probably 4 mind 4 kids 4 parents 4 hung 4 elvira 4 well 4 air 4 man 4 hall 4 edge 4 forth 4 has 4 turned 4 grabbed 4 lay 4 hell 4 let 's 4 unless 4 wood 4 hate 4 grass 4 blue 4 record 4 sell 4 full 4 tonight 4 very 4 sat 4 six 4 satan 4 whiskey 4 scary 4 space 4 phantasmagoria 4 hole 4 pale 4 yes 4 locked 4 night 4 walked 4 name 4 anything 4 brought 4 years 4 first 3 tragic 3 resembled 3 wo n't 3 people 3 breath 3 rose 3 occasion 3 foot 3 hope 3 four 3 near 3 he 's 3 little 3 those 3 brother 3 without 3 smiled 3 chair 3 sinatra 3 drawing 3 voice 3 special 3 less 3 decided 3 died 3 company 3 middle 3 cat 3 bergman 3 woods 3 i ' ve 3 seemed 3 except 3 view 3 worse 3 stood 3 is n't 3 beam 3 baby 3 being 3 windows 3 walls 3 best 3 also 3 fear 3 tripod 3 field 3 yard 3 would n't 3 filled 3 lamp 3 clouds 3 lot 3 began 3 returned 3 trying 3 breast 3 guts 3 should 3 hunted 3 kissed 3 does 3 everything 3 mom 3 red 3 car 3 itself 3 nailed 3 drummer 3 bag 3 every 3 terrible 3 case 3 ago 3 dead 3 together 3 handful 3 stared 3 home 3 large 3 belt 3 took 3 might 3 second 3 work 3 two 3 smile 3 let 3 fireplace 3 nice 3 lanterns 3 tight 3 became 3 i 'd 3 handle 3 hook 3 deep 3 branches 3 between 3 fake 3 because 3 idea 3 dust 3 used 3 point 3 does n't 3 drank 3 game 3 low 3 take 3 fell 3 either 3 tried 3 leave 3 along 3 lantern 2 dropped 2 trust 2 favorite 2 matter 2 ran 2 goddamned 2 return 2 drunk 2 stone 2 keep 2 panel 2 fetched 2 arms 2 pile 2 holding 2 yellow 2 country 2 poison 2 realizing 2 cabinet 2 both 2 lest 2 wet 2 doing 2 candles 2 third 2 joel 2 haunted 2 beams 2 revealing 2 dad 2 plain 2 late 2 we 'll 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 lane 2 tools 2 sea 2 tie 2 player 2 popped 2 lips 2 shelter 2 billy 2 series 2 bloody 2 swept 2 beyond 2 von 2 months 2 helicopter 2 later 2 metal 2 iron 2 gave 2 balcony 2 features 2 depressed 2 notice 2 motion 2 end 2 pictures 2 cork 2 continued 2 ankle 2 order 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 fan 2 scream 2 ringo 2 sure 2 new 2 hooks 2 swirled 2 sweet 2 fence 2 look 2 hat 2 shrieking 2 part 2 knows 2 tomb 2 making 2 heard 2 ovals 2 skull 2 last 2 next 2 devil 2 make 2 big 2 shoulders 2 leaving 2 liked 2 pasta 2 mist 2 film 2 liquor 2 else 2 inside 2 steady 2 rapidly 2 escape 2 bat 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 hallway 2 glanced 2 nobody 2 forest 2 loved 2 have n't 2 crazy 2 office 2 none 2 world 2 give 2 funeral 2 beware 2 clicked 2 divan 2 pea 2 crashed 2 damp 2 broom 2 opinions 2 such 2 chuckled 2 played 2 guess 2 exception 2 floated 2 teeth 2 showed 2 globe 2 misc 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 library 2 we 'd 2 masks 2 ice 2 notion 2 reunion 2 above 2 bastard 2 play 2 clockmaker 2 figures 2 knew 2 warped 2 flesh 2 naked 2 snakes 2 market 2 front 2 things 2 police 2 few 2 hip 2 word 2 city 2 monsters 2 nothing 2 quilt 2 slipped 2 business 2 might ' ve 2 mine 2 wrapped 2 fingers 2 below 2 during 2 drink 2 faint 2 steel 2 open 2 childhood 2 dog 2 easily 2 comes 2 whatever 2 rippled 2 arranged 2 township 2 crowbar 2 moment 2 arm 2 mouth 2 we 're 2 lean 2 blow 2 truly 2 had n't 2 thick 2 twisting 2 couple 2 sense 2 built 2 separated 2 rested 2 several 2 rest 2 sing 2 water 2 talked 2 footsteps 2 love 2 terror 2 vistas 2 each 2 hatchet 2 reality 2 pieces 2 half 2 block 2 rooms 2 fluttered 2 jumped 2 witch 2 wind 2 quite 2 curtains 2 stopped 2 lunatic 2 collected 2 vacation 2 thus 2 hour 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 spread 2 yet 2 dinner 2 bolted 2 kill 2 looked 2 stale 2 needle 2 faces 2 faded 2 dunno 2 peeked 2 appeared 2 backward 2 wooden 2 always 2 watched 2 toe 2 led 2 weird 2 level 2 decade 2 spring 2 empty 2 hearth 2 mother 2 guy 2 pentagram 2 nor 2 beneath 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 could n't 2 skipped 2 murderous 2 which 2 small 2 click 2 sort 2 dozen 2 held 2 minute 2 finally 2 try 2 once 2 cursed 2 vermin 2 sandals 2 these 2 ate 2 closer 2 blank 2 helped 2 looking 2 glasses 2 bought 2 floorboards 2 party 2 remained 2 counter 2 times 2 pair 2 saw 1 descended 1 taken 1 nearest 1 colorado 1 strained 1 twenty 1 wait 1 visage 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 cool 1 farther 1 slung 1 everyone 1 lies 1 muck 1 owned 1 guest 1 source 1 local 1 sink 1 squatted 1 education 1 growl 1 truck 1 muybridge 1 show 1 viennese 1 wheel 1 danced 1 flushing 1 figured 1 gather 1 serious 1 grievances 1 micro - scope 1 stirring 1 multi - paned 1 final 1 already 1 occulted 1 ghost 1 inserted 1 danger 1 vigorously 1 tramp 1 heavily 1 wad 1 specters 1 kneeling 1 evening 1 commence 1 owner 1 happy 1 nest 1 sweaty 1 whenever 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 reflection 1 wiring 1 smacked 1 fridge 1 thunderclaps 1 antiquarians 1 wonder 1 missed 1 narrowed 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 dared 1 black - trunked 1 anticipate 1 survey 1 doll 1 dragged 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 blocked 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 1890 1 bordered 1 motes 1 vista 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 sobbing 1 aunts 1 object 1 sticks 1 telescoped 1 morphed 1 folks 1 casting 1 behind 1 planning 1 splintered 1 ashes 1 edges 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 honeymoon 1 frightful 1 eighteenth 1 foreign 1 collectors 1 rather 1 stuff 1 cute 1 whitewashed 1 volume 1 draft 1 distorted 1 bottles 1 save 1 gripping 1 who 'd 1 area 1 groan 1 gets 1 today 1 charming 1 downshifted 1 card 1 sick 1 creepers 1 clan 1 peculiarly 1 psychos 1 meat 1 affected 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 eccentricity 1 artists 1 bejeezus 1 decayed 1 simple 1 purchased 1 furniture 1 foiled 1 beach 1 deadly 1 shimmered 1 worn 1 walkway 1 disjointed 1 draught 1 apocalyptic 1 silent 1 twitched 1 shine 1 many 1 fat 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wanting 1 slate 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 act 1 silhouette 1 how 's 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 thrown 1 stooped 1 withered 1 uh - oh 1 hock 1 damn 1 shows 1 ripped 1 artificiality 1 carrion 1 ingmar 1 emanated 1 damned 1 menial 1 wow 1 angular 1 variety 1 wedding 1 switch 1 illegible 1 confessional 1 qualities 1 ironic 1 unsteady 1 cough 1 dirty 1 frail 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 wan 1 shaken 1 squalls 1 kept 1 bold 1 austere 1 trail 1 past 1 split 1 jack 1 canopy 1 passed 1 framed 1 emotionally 1 shit 1 proportions 1 button 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 prophetic 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 yonder 1 scaring 1 moments 1 hacking 1 zone 1 crouched 1 visualized 1 forgotten 1 soon 1 records 1 voila 1 solar 1 panoply 1 great 1 strips 1 surprisingly 1 pecking 1 follow 1 strength 1 sticky 1 cells 1 saturday 1 everybody 's 1 whistled 1 intend 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 wavered 1 remoteness 1 chest 1 interested 1 shadows 1 condo 1 victims 1 putting 1 eternal 1 pissing 1 takes 1 child 1 onto 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 light - play 1 unflappable 1 send 1 cautiously 1 collaborated 1 eyes ' 1 patricians 1 vulgar 1 capered 1 nose 1 fathers 1 tripped 1 wide 1 leisurely 1 seated 1 start 1 bone 1 cutting 1 snaring 1 house 's 1 intertwined 1 timbers 1 shiver 1 actually 1 packing 1 leaning 1 shed 1 money 1 anyone 1 sugarplum 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 suck 1 corrugated 1 hoped 1 beat 1 strolls 1 sydow 1 rats 1 carve 1 ten 1 secretive 1 curious 1 amazing 1 sydow 's 1 regarding 1 blob 1 ceiling 1 report 1 monster 1 most 1 settee 1 hundreds 1 tops 1 emoting 1 panes 1 rust 1 repatriate 1 stead 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 reveals 1 bible - thumping 1 shapes 1 kin 1 village 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 offed 1 kicks 1 swede 1 sorts 1 neither 1 survived 1 clambering 1 braced 1 fact 1 seen 1 shocked 1 cats 1 stayed 1 rim 1 sloppy 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 confused 1 strong 1 forests 1 mother 's 1 master 1 baring 1 lemonade 1 refilled 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 max 1 father 's 1 arguing 1 magistrate 's 1 kiddo 1 kittens 1 keepsake 1 flat 1 slime 1 farmers 1 fly 1 facsimile 1 narrowly 1 behold 1 tall 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 smash 1 unfortunately 1 stuck 1 hookers 1 value 1 cast 1 hinting 1 hit 1 crowd 1 uh 1 puff 1 hanging 1 departed 1 shimmering 1 grew 1 portals 1 rat 1 launched 1 sophisticated 1 floor - a 1 robes 1 impression 1 growled 1 ones 1 wake 1 non 1 certainly 1 ceilings 1 music 1 playing 1 occupation 1 hiding 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 resisted 1 busy 1 heir 1 disliked 1 forced 1 focus 1 son 's 1 keen 1 eave 1 discuss 1 jittery 1 selling 1 acceded 1 pursed 1 sighed 1 somebody 1 cluttered 1 laughing 1 satellite 1 stowed 1 familial 1 ritual 1 reconstituted 1 shift 1 sweden 1 war - rant 1 older 1 ties 1 break 1 course 1 paved 1 frighten 1 farm - style 1 steamed 1 realtor 1 shone 1 sounded 1 funny 1 lepers 1 outlawed 1 specific 1 design 1 demons 1 enemies 1 theatrical 1 components 1 whirred 1 shattered 1 occurred 1 torments 1 blurred 1 muttered 1 worthy 1 swamp 1 visiting 1 bitchy 1 okay 1 corroded 1 entered 1 stir 1 tomes 1 manner 1 claymation 1 fractured 1 buzz 1 wanted 1 soft 1 economy 1 unpacked 1 movements 1 curve 1 sucker 1 abutted 1 earnest 1 dissolving 1 facet 1 adjustments 1 sex 1 landscapes 1 sharp 1 gang 1 abstracted 1 bikers 1 followed 1 unhappily 1 fascination 1 chivalric 1 strange 1 dragging 1 peered 1 cellar 1 erratic 1 bunny 1 insurance 1 obsessed 1 stabs 1 garbled 1 flashed 1 tinfoil 1 marker 1 tidily 1 demesne 1 latch 1 cherished 1 cops 1 form 1 murk 1 biker 1 grata 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 easter 1 patriarchal 1 lie 1 obsession 1 overwhelming 1 pact 1 bombshell 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 hers 1 immediate 1 sympathetic 1 relieved 1 moonlight 1 fooling 1 raced 1 cottages 1 jesus 1 inhabiting 1 hard 1 knock 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 cheese 1 flickering 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 brandy 1 starts 1 hospitable 1 loped 1 waited 1 lazily 1 maw 1 pollen 1 aloud 1 slowly 1 contemplated 1 tumble 1 ponderous 1 blackened 1 question 1 psychotic 1 carried 1 dimmer 1 to - do 1 lennon 1 bled 1 spit 1 spike 1 cancer 1 stranger 1 folded 1 reaching 1 coat 1 documented 1 grainy 1 overlook 1 gears 1 assume 1 throbbed 1 bears 1 retreating 1 especially 1 ha 1 standing 1 cut 1 broach 1 rush 1 plugged 1 easy 1 coming 1 europe 1 rica 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 demonic 1 paralysis 1 panted 1 lake 1 dial 1 packed 1 french 1 likes 1 sap 1 nut 1 plumb 1 pain 1 thorny 1 lenses 1 somebody 's 1 cowl 1 toothy 1 ancient 1 container 1 too - full 1 fun 1 perceptions 1 deer 1 combining 1 attic 1 adjusting 1 computer 1 patch 1 fairytale 1 convenience 1 illumination 1 instantly 1 you 'll 1 personality 1 twice 1 ghoulish 1 cracking 1 ancestral 1 autograph 1 bulged 1 brunkert 1 flies 1 planks 1 dirt 1 cry 1 string 1 offload 1 labored 1 curse 1 renaissance 1 filmed 1 tin 1 diarrhea 1 days 1 rudimentary 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 throat 1 tying 1 cagey 1 honestly 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 vinyl 1 turnip 1 use 1 sealed 1 week 1 switched 1 curtain 1 honeybunch 1 minutes 1 commute 1 panels 1 porch 1 remade 1 dropcloth 1 pine 1 distant 1 sundown 1 daggers 1 spontaneous 1 rare 1 altering 1 safe 1 feral 1 outburst 1 pointed 1 chin 1 thicker 1 heated 1 hoarse 1 freezer 1 rail 1 nodded 1 efficiency 1 daytona 1 nearby 1 bet 1 uncles 1 range 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 perhaps 1 amidst 1 perspective 1 reinforced 1 help 1 thin 1 gamboled 1 snow 1 noise 1 performances 1 cruel 1 eldest 1 cozy 1 sinewy 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 insight 1 studied 1 cracked 1 churned 1 bit 1 grasp 1 oozing 1 claw 1 lots 1 peasant 1 wriggled 1 thank 1 pseudo - leather 1 worked 1 slackened 1 check 1 beauty 1 laundry 1 nature 1 eye 1 effing 1 vomited 1 partially 1 surging 1 top 1 afternoon 1 bunch 1 jagged 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 told 1 york 1 visions 1 famous 1 gym 1 collapse 1 promised 1 putrefying 1 snagged 1 spider 1 liquid 1 heads 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 cobwebs 1 tea 1 trailed 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 quantum 1 settlement 1 ghouls 1 passion 1 era 1 stroked 1 atop 1 dearly 1 reformed 1 slide 1 whipping 1 bulky 1 mesmerizing 1 slug 1 grief 1 furnace 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 lonesome 1 sputtered 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 need 1 persist 1 swear 1 oval 1 yanks 1 maggots 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 center 1 spiked 1 laugh 1 playful 1 powered 1 eyeballs 1 trunk 1 wiped 1 power 1 pound 1 although 1 girl 1 wondered 1 sluice 1 plants 1 traditions 1 discos 1 bristles 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 lurking 1 forgive 1 control 1 multiplied 1 pants 1 canvas 1 shrimp 1 anyway 1 gulp 1 lightly 1 diffuse 1 deeper 1 speak 1 grade 1 recently 1 stirred 1 sad 1 lover 1 shitting 1 pastoral 1 lady 1 mock 1 whispered 1 writing 1 slightest 1 call 1 claws 1 chipped 1 comment 1 filed 1 wreck 1 dregs 1 magnified 1 knitting 1 occultist 1 screens 1 boles 1 extended 1 victorian 1 volunteered 1 stork 1 contained 1 ethereal 1 height 1 pressed 1 shoved 1 apertures 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 rig 1 arrival 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 horses 1 rambling 1 weak 1 joint 1 helping 1 thinned 1 suggest 1 thousandth 1 speck 1 great - great 1 cleaner 1 winding 1 main 1 reminded 1 somber 1 drive 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 date 1 arch 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 vague 1 life 1 subject 1 odd 1 system 1 mirror 1 brings 1 petty 1 shifting 1 widening 1 innards 1 model 1 pushed 1 cabbages 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 stainless 1 sky 1 retrieved 1 fussing 1 jostling 1 clicking 1 brass 1 shuddered 1 ignore 1 eadweard 1 beside 1 study 1 buzzed 1 ages 1 places 1 silver 1 sailed 1 mass 1 defined 1 inappropriate 1 entertain 1 uh - uh 1 embarrassed 1 girls 1 animal 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 primitive 1 circles 1 closet 1 overhand 1 own 1 touched 1 executor 1 hamburger 1 toy 1 crawled 1 station 1 art 1 shh 1 buckets 1 clump 1 shuffled 1 seat 1 happened 1 shelters 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 run 1 mexico 1 resentment 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 answer 1 getting 1 shuttering 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 rowed 1 fucking 1 dwelt 1 aside 1 variations 1 literally 1 gulped 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 physically 1 grand 1 loathed 1 scrabbled 1 memories 1 stones 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 unlocked 1 central 1 shove 1 burned 1 overpowering 1 tykes 1 generations 1 pleased 1 rivals 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 receded 1 plate 1 cranked 1 thinking 1 plush 1 reel 1 heart 1 started 1 concession 1 america 1 exponentially 1 adjourned 1 leg 1 wishing 1 baltic 1 scarred 1 cougars 1 tipped 1 landing 1 accentuated 1 images 1 wan na 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 emerged 1 whether 1 napkin 1 three 1 paul 's 1 horror 1 clickety - click 1 movers 1 sprang 1 enjoyed 1 peeled 1 grave 1 swayed 1 1930 1 predated 1 muse 1 consternation 1 void 1 backed 1 screw 1 discover 1 towel 1 proves 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 recognized 1 bird 1 double 1 ec 1 conjuring 1 shrillness 1 crushed 1 find 1 decision 1 shadow 1 among 1 considered 1 daddy 's 1 soap 1 remind 1 crawling 1 dole 1 imagined 1 clods 1 someplace 1 ordeal 1 raging 1 happen 1 irregular 1 rule 1 long - handled 1 direction 1 skin 1 warning 1 rain 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 moon 1 exterminator 1 were n't 1 popular 1 vapor 1 lease 1 stuffed 1 alike 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 stillness 1 beaten 1 grandpa 1 dominated 1 bowed 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 suit 1 billion 1 pokers 1 blood 1 insufferably 1 weeks 1 bitchier 1 frames 1 approached 1 quality 1 vision 1 grate 1 mean - while 1 flowed 1 rotating 1 hold 1 felt 1 same 1 prying 1 loose 1 sent 1 dim 1 gloaming 1 footboard 1 snoqualmie 1 predecessors 1 born 1 shuddering 1 pissed 1 coke 1 graduated 1 ass 1 cushion 1 undefined 1 knee - high 1 arched 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 gadget 1 longstanding 1 nabbed 1 pantry 1 lives 1 flaming 1 parlor 1 conical 1 roofs 1 scuttled 1 though 1 filtered 1 secret 1 urge 1 drum 1 collar 1 pulls 1 transmogrification 1 slapping 1 wolf 1 bawling 1 romanticized 1 fantasized 1 am 1 there 'll 1 pattern 1 uptown 1 ebay 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 dangling 1 performing 1 unnerved 1 eleven 1 garbed 1 single 1 accelerating 1 since 1 mildly 1 buffaloes 1 willy - nilly 1 persona 1 swung 1 ever 1 gods 1 reclined 1 scrawled 1 dogs 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 lastly 1 county 1 touch 1 spikes 1 warn 1 spitting 1 thirty - five 1 aperture 1 actor 1 within 1 points 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 traded 1 myself 1 ready 1 echoed 1 feuds 1 shushed 1 trip 1 seeping 1 wear 1 acted 1 condition 1 scabrous 1 bored 1 covered 1 foreground 1 train 1 slap 1 trio 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 says 1 asked 1 youngest 1 articulated 1 hammer 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 nightmares 1 slightly 1 joy 1 glancing 1 beaming 1 shook 1 muddy 1 glittered 1 survival 1 leered 1 grandfather 1 assassination 1 steps 1 true 1 vent 1 sacrificial 1 etched 1 swallowed 1 argue 1 costa 1 straw 1 disintegrate 1 resembles 1 believe 1 hillock 1 moving 1 bah 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 gloom 1 paternal 1 stamping 1 firelight 1 child 's 1 secure 1 faddah 1 daylight 1 facades 1 boor 1 messages 1 relatives 1 are n't 1 fetish 1 roses 1 floating 1 bubbles 1 mary 1 step 1 titles 1 hushed 1 brushed 1 spill 1 charged 1 sibling 1 rivalry 1 machine 1 forehead 1 loop 1 shaking 1 dread 1 briefly 1 found 1 color 1 cascade 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 gents 1 vase 1 reading 1 bigger 1 repeated 1 snob 1 glow 1 sharper 1 pictured 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 shabby 1 pure 1 fifty 1 haiti 1 upbeat 1 ovens 1 paul 1 temptation 1 toddies 1 knives 1 occasions 1 contraption 1 impossible 1 husband 's 1 claimed 1 kettle 1 books 1 school 1 off - kilter 1 hospitals 1 sawing 1 lose 1 wings 1 bands 1 nubs 1 roofie 1 paint 1 vibes 1 wore 1 jibber - jabber 1 hundredth 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 dome 1 unexplained 1 gradually 1 neighbor 's 1 sang 1 noticed 1 century 1 temples 1 five 1 crank 1 list 1 projected 1 accident 1 strokes 1 section 1 desk 1 side 1 street 1 spines 1 town 1 kings 1 tasks 1 enough 1 modern 1 acid 1 knotholes 1 gold 1 unlike 1 eve 1 instant 1 reddened 1 imagery 1 unloaded 1 contorted 1 puppies 1 snore 1 vertigo 1 dealing 1 dimmed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 stomach 1 defiance 1 shop 1 inheriting 1 avoided 1 leaped 1 listen 1 punchbowl 1 foundation 1 jacket 1 spying 1 railing 1 selection 1 unwind 1 slithered 1 frowned 1 feared 1 team 1 noises 1 logs 1 high 1 h 1 quaint 1 picture 1 scene 926 .
strappado - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 strappado 394 the 278 and 192 a 190 of 114 to 110 his 104 in 91 he 69 was 52 kenshi 48 with 41 from 40 at 39 it 38 on 37 swayne 35 for 34 him 33 were 32 had 30 their 28 that 27 as 24 them 22 an 21 they 20 by 20 or 19 into 18 said 18 one 18 been 15 you 15 he 'd 15 this 15 all 14 no 13 her 13 like 13 there 12 van 12 man 12 up 12 black 12 kenshi 's 12 through 11 what 11 but 11 over 11 i 11 guzman 10 after 10 if 10 be 10 so 10 made 10 hotel 10 walther 10 iblis 10 out 9 hendrika 9 she 9 much 9 another 9 red 9 thought 9 did n't 9 when 9 door 9 around 8 white 8 would 8 rashid 8 few 8 off 8 about 8 face 8 not 7 near 7 more 7 such 7 men 7 three 7 then 7 yet 7 day 7 wore 7 fedor 6 who 6 plastic 6 its 6 group 6 back 6 andersen 6 went 6 your 6 left 6 music 6 american 6 world 6 is 6 old 6 open 6 blue 6 himself 6 which 6 these 5 even 5 job 5 go 5 away 5 came 5 do n't 5 new 5 again 5 only 5 none 5 air 5 too 5 edge 5 until 5 down 5 several 5 water 5 each 5 blond 5 ever 5 friend 5 cigarette 5 once 5 enough 5 noted 4 everyone 4 local 4 show 4 i ' m 4 could 4 hair 4 later 4 turn 4 under 4 smiled 4 narrow 4 would ' ve 4 regarding 4 come 4 next 4 company 4 some 4 guests 4 know 4 stood 4 lamps 4 got 4 began 4 viking 4 returned 4 lay 4 bit 4 bar 4 although 4 indian 4 during 4 darkness 4 breathed 4 caught 4 eyes 4 art 4 gathered 4 might 4 two 4 let 4 will 4 monastery 4 suit 4 blood 4 between 4 tour 4 laughed 4 called 4 found 4 while 4 floor 4 barrels 4 she 'd 4 along 4 before 3 me 3 farther 3 gone 3 people 3 wet 3 behind 3 streets 3 rather 3 bottles 3 who 'd 3 discoth 3 dream 3 shoot 3 never 3 dark 3 series 3 they 'd 3 little 3 was n't 3 those 3 say 3 neck 3 soon 3 end 3 shadows 3 voice 3 disco 3 welcome 3 any 3 look 3 explained 3 good 3 heard 3 vodka 3 last 3 against 3 certainly 3 i ' ve 3 why 3 course 3 seemed 3 other 3 discovered 3 walls 3 gravel 3 number 3 now 3 waited 3 how 3 far 3 realized 3 exhibition 3 dirt 3 closed 3 phone 3 ken 3 fellow 3 belly 3 perhaps 3 apartment 3 reunion 3 comprised 3 above 3 knew 3 thank 3 hell 3 trench 3 nothing 3 outside 3 business 3 vans 3 drink 3 pressed 3 shared 3 bulldozer 3 feet 3 drained 3 every 3 mouth 3 own 3 had n't 3 aside 3 japanese 3 relatively 3 are 3 long 3 took 3 second 3 it 's 3 half 3 close 3 light 3 still 3 very 3 que 3 curtains 3 deep 3 approached 3 similar 3 cloth 3 whiskey 3 reporter 3 others 3 here 3 put 3 appeared 3 within 3 dressed 3 because 3 shoulder 3 swayne 's 3 mumbai 3 hand 3 small 3 nearly 3 across 3 finally 3 night 3 five 3 club 3 side 3 shirt 3 town 3 short 3 head 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 installations 2 tables 2 ran 2 ear 2 breath 2 return 2 stone 2 photographer 2 heavily 2 drugs 2 arms 2 thigh 2 building 2 real 2 country 2 that 's 2 sight 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 locations 2 european 2 doing 2 get 2 mate 2 something 2 tiger 2 foreign 2 sporadic 2 area 2 machetes 2 extent 2 moss 2 represented 2 wine 2 drainage 2 patrons 2 assembled 2 many 2 fat 2 god 2 orange 2 disconnected 2 college 2 way 2 german 2 software 2 presented 2 cigarettes 2 alone 2 swept 2 modules 2 rules 2 possible 2 recurring 2 metal 2 poured 2 introduced 2 gave 2 preferred 2 we 2 than 2 living 2 suspected 2 they 're 2 chest 2 wave 2 kind 2 comfort 2 muggers 2 spaces 2 electric 2 actually 2 shed 2 awful 2 warehouse 2 colleagues 2 ceiling 2 authorities 2 weekend 2 most 2 rang 2 wall 2 fact 2 seen 2 meet 2 probably 2 paper 2 everywhere 2 make 2 big 2 snatched 2 hanging 2 property 2 squeezed 2 clothes 2 else 2 busy 2 foam 2 swamp 2 advertising 2 impending 2 wanted 2 soft 2 sex 2 well 2 news 2 ball 2 yeah 2 leaned 2 abandoned 2 road 2 form 2 being 2 possessed 2 various 2 bony 2 windows 2 wrists 2 walk 2 carried 2 bled 2 shot 2 kilometers 2 acknowledged 2 caused 2 suite 2 french 2 slacks 2 field 2 anonymous 2 forth 2 member 2 time 2 handsome 2 u 2 cell 2 international 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 interviews 2 days 2 curtain 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 porch 2 events 2 whilst 2 sitar 2 via 2 victrola 2 place 2 help 2 thin 2 cracked 2 choked 2 flesh 2 naked 2 eye 2 jungle 2 market 2 south 2 assistant 2 york 2 contact 2 promised 2 answered 2 utterly 2 doors 2 think 2 atop 2 tickled 2 line 2 need 2 does 2 difficult 2 wondered 2 trucks 2 tourists 2 rashid 's 2 pants 2 mostly 2 rental 2 lover 2 suits 2 buffet 2 pavilion 2 courts 2 have 2 erasing 2 whatever 2 grass 2 emotional 2 interior 2 float 2 static 2 pushed 2 grimly 2 spoke 2 arm 2 shirts 2 belts 2 guerilla 2 smoked 2 suburbs 2 cold 2 password 2 english 2 stared 2 guzman 's 2 lived 2 thick 2 antiquated 2 fucking 2 home 2 large 2 couple 2 hands 2 laughter 2 grand 2 my 2 history 2 legs 2 started 2 leg 2 emerged 2 forever 2 civilized 2 weight 2 find 2 site 2 shadow 2 breakfast 2 slav 2 tonight 2 knocked 2 firm 2 rain 2 i 'll 2 nonetheless 2 tight 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 strip 2 blanket 2 stopped 2 companions 2 sat 2 weeks 2 sun 2 six 2 remembered 2 free 2 dangled 2 clay 2 banyan 2 link 2 wedged 2 beer 2 public 2 entry 2 asshole 2 oddly 2 cameras 2 must 2 faces 2 since 2 swung 2 wooden 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 spare 2 wear 2 pale 2 native 2 covered 2 asked 2 empty 2 beneath 2 fashion 2 rushed 2 anywhere 2 protested 2 crowded 2 point 2 dread 2 dozen 2 inevitable 2 pause 2 paint 2 films 2 heavy 2 see 2 weather 2 general 2 bitter 2 acid 2 frenchmen 2 resultant 2 instant 2 glasses 2 years 2 bought 2 circular 2 openings 2 party 2 tennis 2 high 2 saw 2 scene 1 greeting 1 supplied 1 concludes 1 london 1 swiveled 1 married 1 eschew 1 inevitability 1 panaflex 1 clang 1 declared 1 corn 1 midair 1 expressions 1 verandas 1 steadily 1 going 1 gloves 1 wild 1 wealthy 1 k 1 lucid 1 bench 1 confab 1 flattened 1 project 1 estimate 1 sheets 1 swarm 1 death 1 loaded 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 flopped 1 invited 1 owned 1 stifled 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 miserable 1 cocooned 1 experimentation 1 pacified 1 ashamed 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 really 1 squatted 1 hacked 1 sweat - stained 1 thunderclouds 1 whom 1 tires 1 wash 1 obi 1 speculating 1 curiously 1 expose 1 rose 1 episode 1 heaped 1 forays 1 prohibition 1 bronzed 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 already 1 fetched 1 ghost 1 commented 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 vigorously 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 square 1 tightly 1 tap 1 envy 1 evening 1 devices 1 insiders 1 environments 1 plantations 1 virtue 1 personal 1 allegedly 1 malta 1 goggled 1 banker 1 trauma 1 table 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 exposure 1 trading 1 pulse 1 vast 1 lofty 1 villas 1 met 1 realizing 1 port 1 travelers 1 logical 1 blasted 1 translations 1 referred 1 polite 1 considering 1 gentleman 1 arrived 1 lid 1 laws 1 stamps 1 advertised 1 driven 1 cities 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 rushing 1 offered 1 shut 1 lest 1 alcove 1 precinct 1 motes 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 regular 1 abruptly 1 gothic 1 anxious 1 gnats 1 surviving 1 carpets 1 huge 1 tree 1 third 1 fog - shrouded 1 dumped 1 unsealed 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 clamped 1 strains 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 furrows 1 hot 1 retorts 1 elsewhere 1 absence 1 lilies 1 plain 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 vasilov 1 bazaar 1 smell 1 distorted 1 birmingham 1 want 1 lemon 1 experiences 1 christian 1 large - scale 1 bath 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 sheet 1 exist 1 siblings 1 right 1 necessary 1 charming 1 conditioning 1 humming 1 proscribed 1 card 1 sick 1 measures 1 creepers 1 four 1 alchemy 1 staggered 1 day - glo 1 halftracks 1 fringes 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 entire 1 artists 1 tools 1 conversations 1 surreptitious 1 purchased 1 luck 1 mercifully 1 imperial 1 listened 1 paneled 1 tie 1 sea 1 scandalized 1 coils 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 blocking 1 elite 1 yesterday 1 advance 1 viewings 1 silent 1 snaked 1 trapped 1 argentinean 1 exclaimed 1 bangalore 1 recoil 1 popped 1 terraced 1 hard - bitten 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 elderly 1 bollywood 1 exact 1 self - loathing 1 wry 1 collegiate 1 gorge 1 remaining 1 crap 1 imported 1 investment 1 dreaming 1 quick 1 illnesses 1 bloody 1 dilapidated 1 terrace 1 nina 1 running 1 nervous 1 apprehension 1 dewlapped 1 models 1 refused 1 questions 1 hire 1 beyond 1 illegible 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 relations 1 pit 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 canada 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 months 1 shaken 1 kept 1 dear 1 rotting 1 handshakes 1 past 1 condos 1 passed 1 backside 1 swished 1 timidity 1 kerosene 1 balcony 1 modernized 1 guides 1 doorman 1 britain 1 shit 1 privately 1 conversation 1 sighs 1 misgivings 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 determined 1 ploughed 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 enormous 1 goes 1 notice 1 hookah 1 motion 1 tourism 1 confines 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 forgotten 1 designers - fran 1 bed 1 urine 1 homeless 1 respective 1 coddling 1 neatly 1 great 1 scarcely 1 europeans 1 sullen 1 walled 1 pictures 1 butt 1 envelope 1 violates 1 follow 1 effort 1 continued 1 timbuktu 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 grates 1 zero 1 image 1 copy 1 countrymen 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 friday 1 jean 1 ignored 1 supple 1 palpably 1 unease 1 viking 's 1 droves 1 regret 1 roamed 1 interested 1 corrosive 1 lime 1 congregated 1 gozo 1 pissing 1 someone 1 sure 1 foreigners 1 soundlessly 1 onto 1 whole 1 phones 1 guru 1 dorm 1 rattled 1 delhi 1 michelle 1 nose 1 breasts 1 glumly 1 screamed 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 lying 1 trembled 1 rubbed 1 intertwined 1 convoluted 1 occasional 1 dissolution 1 ultimately 1 quickening 1 s 1 grimy 1 pleasant 1 disconsolate 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 acid - filled 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 beat 1 snow - cool 1 cap 1 soot 1 co - host 1 barriers 1 flicked 1 comptroller 1 did 1 bugs 1 chalk - faced 1 evening 's 1 immensity 1 announced 1 erections 1 businessman 1 endeavor 1 ripe 1 mini 1 sweet 1 prepping 1 fence 1 parked 1 waist 1 wallet 1 slender 1 rust 1 hat 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 blizzard 1 reedy 1 there 's 1 village 1 sounds 1 dappled 1 wheeled 1 unplugged 1 gangs 1 neither 1 survived 1 part 1 where 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 braced 1 lifetime 1 bellicose 1 upon 1 plates 1 stayed 1 employer 1 resumed 1 rim 1 folklore 1 basket 1 patrolled 1 sloppy 1 buddhists 1 stripes 1 placate 1 locals 1 ached 1 enthused 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 adjoined 1 seven 1 pasture 1 jerk 's 1 bioluminescent 1 west 1 museum 1 pipe 1 shriveled 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 registered 1 rub 1 flat 1 elbow 1 compatriots 1 unzipped 1 vendor 1 calamity 1 fly 1 less 1 talker 1 casually 1 dance 1 ink 1 tasted 1 accent 1 creaked 1 skull 1 lukewarm 1 stuck 1 identity 1 roaring 1 devil 1 almost 1 fbi 1 bellowing 1 deserted 1 contacts 1 toward 1 yeah - good 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 eminent 1 washed 1 obliviously 1 fluorescent 1 science 1 mr 1 crowd 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 slashed 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 passing 1 odor 1 choose 1 tensions 1 teardrop 1 grew 1 displayed 1 mumbled 1 fabric 1 scorched 1 robes 1 film 1 mist 1 handed 1 impression 1 liquor 1 spot - a 1 ahead 1 non 1 glass 1 location 1 indians 1 playing 1 resisted 1 label 1 forced 1 inside 1 likely 1 shorter 1 barely 1 cluttered 1 settled 1 rings 1 satellite 1 floodlights 1 drinks 1 remove 1 pursuit 1 docile 1 scattering 1 whooping 1 mind 1 offing 1 lag 1 award 1 import 1 sleek 1 alley 1 carpet 1 noose 1 crushingly 1 accented 1 paved 1 lower 1 accounts 1 edifice 1 branding 1 some - thing 1 dashing 1 wingtip 1 paintings 1 scummy 1 harris 1 sender 1 electrified 1 muttered 1 stage - whispered 1 worthy 1 oxford 1 except 1 hand - scrawled 1 crackled 1 casino 1 faux 1 wankers 1 oise 1 honeydew 1 deposited 1 entered 1 curry 1 sweltering 1 hung 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 shamelessly 1 eclectic 1 thrill 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 breaker 1 exit 1 consultant 1 culture 1 kilroy 1 bathhouses 1 guide 1 blared 1 speakers 1 abutted 1 dissolving 1 humiliating 1 elusiveness 1 dishes 1 broken 1 reports 1 pimp 1 doctors 1 desolate 1 harbor 1 polished 1 concentrated 1 sharp 1 alleys 1 gaped 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 followed 1 strange 1 borrowed 1 development - perhaps 1 quasi - political 1 trek 1 meant 1 straight 1 santa 1 complexion 1 sandaled 1 grata 1 swilled 1 farewells 1 subdued 1 walkways 1 executive 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lie 1 flights 1 chief 1 derived 1 keening 1 july 1 possibly 1 funeral 1 may 1 presently 1 different 1 displays 1 functional 1 demarcated 1 casinos 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 forearm 1 extraordinary 1 candle 1 tigers 1 blocks 1 crying 1 blimp 1 corridor 1 cabs 1 opium 1 hard 1 styling 1 brilliantly 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 flickering 1 sundry 1 vied 1 swimmer 1 toppled 1 managed 1 fag 1 rubbish 1 exploded 1 haunches 1 surmounted 1 scouting 1 scale 1 heels 1 clumps 1 inveterate 1 tape 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 pigs ' 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 picasso 1 also 1 distribution 1 sheds 1 aboard 1 heritage 1 erosion 1 outright 1 albeit 1 golden 1 brows 1 galleries 1 adversity 1 estates 1 exhaustion 1 standing 1 cut 1 lent 1 evidence 1 participant 's 1 palestinian 1 1970s 1 vaulted 1 dialed 1 plains 1 chambers 1 rural 1 scratchy 1 camera 1 illuminate 1 safer 1 royalty 1 fingered 1 overwhelmed 1 transplantation 1 posed 1 estimation 1 chuckled 1 played 1 seawalls 1 guess 1 cream - colored 1 ancient 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 amsterdam 1 decades 1 north 1 chick - ens 1 chamber 1 slices 1 tripod - mounted 1 dubious 1 suite 's 1 afraid 1 photographed 1 weathergirl 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 coupling 1 accustomed 1 ascend 1 coiled 1 tossed 1 smiles 1 filled 1 dying 1 string 1 turned 1 happier 1 auction 1 consented 1 edged 1 politely 1 sacks 1 tin 1 developers 1 rudimentary 1 outskirts 1 boxes 1 pushing 1 throat 1 guys 1 loosened 1 netherlander 1 shooting 1 words 1 violations 1 alongside 1 shallow 1 mahogany 1 citizen 1 ditches 1 agonizing 1 sapporo 1 panels 1 box 1 hired 1 pine 1 shiny 1 distant 1 charge 1 boleros 1 christmas 1 columns 1 ice 1 cutthroats 1 chin 1 spent 1 scars 1 idiot 1 magic 1 rail 1 gift 1 issued 1 accompany 1 partying 1 discarding 1 chickens 1 nearby 1 miasma 1 grinned 1 particularly 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 backs 1 pop 1 cowardice 1 trying 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 reinforced 1 major 1 obscured 1 disembodied 1 idly 1 bastard 1 drifting 1 infamous 1 intensified 1 vigor 1 adventurer 1 massed 1 serve 1 cock 1 stumbling 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 previous 1 slack 1 imagine 1 seal 1 board 1 panama 1 land 1 lights 1 automatons 1 elbows 1 lots 1 stupor 1 seventeenth - century 1 girth 1 upright 1 insignia 1 trigger 1 worked 1 ladies 1 ended 1 picking 1 demeanor 1 crepes 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 regardless 1 snappy 1 winos 1 stretch 1 blushed 1 vomit 1 western 1 rendezvous 1 slums 1 pairs 1 certain 1 barrel 1 occur 1 mosquito 1 bunch 1 lascivious 1 directly 1 amount 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 slides 1 police 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 told 1 flown 1 galoshes 1 kliegs 1 occasionally 1 gold - red 1 cloaked 1 absurdity 1 genuinely 1 intervals 1 swiping 1 heads 1 manors 1 inland 1 jet 1 taught 1 emaciation 1 smiling 1 expanse 1 libelous 1 grandparents 1 drums 1 meanwhile 1 settlement 1 yourself 1 fugue 1 iron - hot - affair 1 stroked 1 tapped 1 city 1 testicles 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 buffoon 1 hated 1 kissed 1 curled 1 crooked 1 infrastructure 1 antiquity 1 ankles 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 liaison 1 house 1 houses 1 earth 1 disintegrating 1 denial 1 boyfriend 1 young 1 thankful 1 center 1 slipped 1 sconces 1 physical 1 gel 1 glitzy 1 arrange 1 relentless 1 sickly 1 melody 1 prefabricated 1 hazardous 1 power 1 lighted 1 code 1 reception 1 sneered 1 claim 1 tears 1 raul 1 cornice 1 girl 1 british 1 exotic 1 swarms 1 plopped 1 swiftly 1 unworthiness 1 systems 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 welcomed 1 well - heeled 1 submit 1 flaccidity 1 let 's 1 siamese 1 unless 1 alight 1 content 1 hours 1 canvas 1 designer 1 buses 1 wood 1 ashtrays 1 anyway 1 whoever 1 below 1 sentiment 1 romance 1 cantina 1 ministry 1 speak 1 temporary 1 equally 1 recreational 1 clue 1 layers 1 warned 1 painted 1 mock 1 waving 1 sagging 1 call 1 gingerly 1 filed 1 escort 1 items 1 syncopation 1 whomever 1 high - rise 1 significant 1 extended 1 scofflaw 1 volunteered 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 bathhouse 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 splash 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 severed 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 arrive 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 war 1 spanish 1 arrival 1 atlantic 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 sculptures 1 leeched 1 producer 1 beast 1 amongst 1 predicted 1 guttered 1 oh 1 joint 1 hatefully 1 language 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 wordlessly 1 colonial 1 hydrochloric 1 misshapen 1 promotion 1 directions 1 recording 1 earshot 1 extraordinarily 1 assured 1 lifting 1 circulated 1 main 1 morning 1 pumped 1 cross - fire 1 reminded 1 fizzed 1 mercy 1 grumbling 1 drive 1 effects 1 crumbling 1 deep - sea 1 arch 1 opening 1 rubber 1 autumn 1 marble 1 life 1 moment 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 drably 1 orbit 1 bombing 1 minsk 1 model 1 tenth - floor 1 lasted 1 terrible 1 avenue 1 fractious 1 spotted 1 addition 1 jocularity 1 cattle 1 subterranean 1 sky 1 beginning 1 heat 1 brass 1 rifles 1 italian 1 similarly 1 plucking 1 ignore 1 map 1 half - concealed 1 dreamed 1 everglades 1 faintly 1 dull 1 case 1 eerie 1 obscenity 1 seam 1 frequencies 1 bucket 1 ago 1 hindu - flavored 1 suzuki 1 slip 1 fearless 1 machete 1 labyrinthine 1 together 1 crossbones 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 photo 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 dreary 1 compartmentalized 1 handful 1 yards 1 continent 1 purple 1 spooky 1 sensation 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 understood 1 introductions 1 happened 1 impact 1 thoughts 1 brutally 1 conglomerate 1 commonplace 1 random 1 mexico 1 viet 1 raising 1 oil 1 everybody 1 twos 1 contents 1 butts 1 barbarian 1 vine 1 broads 1 smuggled 1 opened 1 signs 1 speaker 1 collection 1 smothered 1 hotels 1 burgeoning 1 cia 1 provided 1 clothed 1 baroque 1 proceed 1 belt 1 sidewalk 1 violent 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 types 1 disk 1 accepting 1 abroad 1 spine 1 credit 1 balaclavas 1 cheerfully 1 breeze 1 become 1 expect 1 louder 1 awake 1 smartly 1 recognition 1 pleased 1 nightclubbing 1 swing 1 driver 1 chose 1 scant 1 feature 1 hollow 1 cranked 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 thinking 1 nervously 1 stifle 1 heart 1 restaurants 1 talked 1 concession 1 vicious 1 bribe 1 acquaintance 1 love 1 wishing 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 lobby 1 work 1 scarred 1 stories 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 lock 1 commerce 's 1 unto 1 tolerance 1 shrill 1 service 1 exceedingly 1 feeling 1 re - creating 1 unconsciousness 1 thanks 1 peeled 1 silence 1 fords 1 cruises 1 attention 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 blood - warm 1 tropical 1 countries 1 exile 1 discover 1 stock 1 melancholy 1 finished 1 semen 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 sarongs 1 hidden 1 block 1 however 1 naturalized 1 sly 1 exertions 1 crushed 1 brief 1 nausea 1 outlined 1 year 1 usa 1 ashtray 1 embarrassment 1 booze - drenched 1 we ' ve 1 sniping 1 considered 1 balaclava 1 borne 1 moist 1 fore 1 screeching 1 witness 1 gangway 1 pears 1 subset 1 trees 1 nights 1 consulate 1 indulgently 1 heel 1 mosaic 1 limey 1 infected 1 command 1 skin 1 flawless 1 smithee 1 seeped 1 nice 1 strappado 1 cultivated 1 unexpected 1 pairings 1 became 1 dry 1 sniffing 1 popular 1 whispery 1 exactly 1 hey 1 septic 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 smashed 1 sluiced 1 epitome 1 eh 1 dress 1 doubtful 1 wilderness 1 not - happening 1 preferably 1 deeply 1 retired 1 storage 1 slick 1 debauchers 1 cloying 1 ring 1 steam 1 freshly 1 satisfaction 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 belligerently 1 instructed 1 retracted 1 waxed 1 quantity 1 connecticut 1 cars 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 gardening 1 whirlwind 1 frames 1 hirsute 1 quality 1 passport 1 tips 1 vision 1 thus 1 daily 1 brushing 1 conjecture 1 profoundly 1 one - time 1 bright 1 summer 1 roman 1 laden 1 hold 1 rotating 1 felt 1 same 1 named 1 nightclub 1 rich 1 nabobs 1 sarcasm 1 explanation 1 hour 1 sent 1 occupied 1 droplets 1 additions 1 rumor 1 clanged 1 den 1 lark 1 smelled 1 mauling 1 broke 1 chain 1 bangkok 1 netting 1 white - bread 1 space 1 lives 1 recriminations 1 hollywood 1 passage 1 slid 1 explosions 1 arrested 1 macabre 1 luis 1 chocolate 1 wharfs 1 influenced 1 ruts 1 inducted 1 reeked 1 thunderously 1 assuredly 1 surf 1 slideshow 1 piles 1 visited 1 pulls 1 supine 1 slapping 1 fully 1 lavish 1 children 1 stroll 1 turbans 1 huddle 1 reflected 1 body 1 garbed 1 darwin 1 titillating 1 style 1 vines 1 companies 1 eardrum - shattering 1 hole 1 single 1 drew 1 pocket 1 mildly 1 faded 1 shoes 1 persona 1 pulled 1 lockers 1 howl 1 sale 1 crates 1 segued 1 intact 1 ushered 1 interpol 1 chewing 1 lethargic 1 always 1 donated 1 banded 1 fro 1 alive 1 insulating 1 bloated 1 sulu 1 lifeblood 1 contingent 1 strolled 1 alan 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 echoed 1 taxi 1 how 'd 1 acutely 1 quarter - mile 1 pools 1 track 1 dreams 1 trip 1 dizziness 1 methodically 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 travel 1 bank 1 collection - estate 1 untucked 1 youth 1 garden 1 perfectly 1 enlisting 1 knees 1 coterie 1 done 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 stench 1 idea 1 corner 1 sallow 1 acclimated 1 cocktail 1 confided 1 hillsides 1 slightly 1 equal 1 slaughter 1 awaited 1 fishily 1 techno 1 englishman 1 marauding 1 exaggerated 1 glitter 1 story 1 nightmare 1 press 1 tarps 1 swallowed 1 capsized 1 laboring 1 argue 1 coast 1 uneven 1 pond 1 hangovers 1 quickly 1 otherwise 1 terminal 1 promises 1 gloom 1 scratched 1 could n't 1 darkened 1 yes 1 secure 1 marathon 1 daylight 1 boor 1 perimeter 1 mildest 1 tourist 1 cyclopean 1 gunny 1 randomly 1 fragments 1 crisp 1 cocktails 1 glowed 1 misgiving 1 travels 1 looming 1 womb 1 calmness 1 neglect 1 unauthorized 1 confiscated 1 forthcoming 1 swimmingly 1 tremor 1 junkets 1 seniors 1 familiar 1 humidity 1 cried 1 blazer 1 blocks - the 1 trap 1 appeasing 1 avoiding 1 pull 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 shuffle 1 lungs 1 marshes 1 instead 1 drank 1 vase 1 florid 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 sunk 1 crucified 1 limes 1 low 1 held 1 baggy 1 take 1 hangover 1 tapping 1 ivory 1 developed 1 minute 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 elegant 1 volunteers 1 westerners 1 claude 1 formal 1 stems 1 tri - headed 1 circumstances 1 kolkata 1 fell 1 surrounded 1 cursed 1 killed 1 brazen 1 window 1 starless 1 persistent 1 champagne 1 owners 1 jap 1 scattered 1 prospect 1 obstreperous 1 present 1 funneled 1 headed 1 preserve 1 drove 1 recorders 1 ate 1 stem 1 copies 1 eyeless 1 exhibit 1 designated 1 health 1 drown 1 discarded 1 tried 1 shops 1 walked 1 comparing 1 enjoy 1 gradually 1 grimaces 1 lagoon 1 bourbon 1 subsided 1 attired 1 ramp 1 gently 1 projected 1 accident 1 sampler 1 snarled 1 tell 1 leave 1 meager 1 stage 1 earnestly 1 appointed 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 congruently 1 fired 1 delirium 1 sneaked 1 expense 1 affair 1 shepherded 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 lines 1 translucent 1 gold 1 looking 1 coonskin 1 melt 1 victor 1 chance 1 favored 1 impediment - he 1 commenced 1 glue 1 name 1 scout 1 learn 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 skip 1 gelled 1 confinement 1 pens 1 anything 1 group 's 1 burn 1 pseudonym 1 cream 1 us 1 emotions 1 brought 1 threaded 1 avoided 1 exhibits 1 homeland 1 buttock 1 elbow - length 1 touching 1 ridge 1 underground 1 stupid 1 remained 1 times 1 past- 1 be - hind 1 success 1 team 1 noises 1 appearance 1 venues 1 picture 1 tokyo 1 chopping 927 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
from the old country , you might say .
she and his father were scheduled for a weekend at the fairmont sonoma mission inn & spa in california wine country .
mirandas a good friend then , coming across the country with you , helping you start again .
she should have had him taken care of when she was back home instead of dragging miranda across country to try and escape .
chapter iii - elsie and angel every time the road curved behind me , i glanced back to see if little had decided he did nt need a presidential order to arrest a smart - assed country boy from the mountains .
i sipped at my coffee , enjoying the rich taste and noting her slip back to the country - girl language .
for a woman who was never in the country , and who did not evidently do much in the way of business , her knowledge and acumen were wonderful .
the country is lovely , and most interesting .
to stop and see people , and learn something of their life , and to fill our minds and memories with all the colour and picturesqueness of the whole wild , beautiful country and the quaint people !
the broker / owner reaffirmed that craig was now working at the country club of real estate .
with an hour and a half to kill , perhaps the broker could have drowned his anxieties at the all - you - can - eat luncheon buffet , held daily at mapleview 's country diner .
the mapleview country diner should have locked its doors !
by 12:15 , the mapleview country diner had experienced a disaster of unimaginable totality .
i just had the all - you - can - eat buffet over at the mapleview country diner '' the seller was not so hospitable .
how one man could hold that much matter in his bowels was equally amazing as the damage done back at the mapleview country diner .
craig had to wonder : how many times did mr . swieley visit the mapleview country diner , just to get some business ?
out here in the country , houses are far apart , so we got a jump on our escape and grabbed what we could .
the stronger zombies are right here in the country and isolated areas , because they infect people slower .
the city zombies will be easier to kill than the country zombies .
there is a greater chance of us getting killed with the country zombies and i do nt know about you , but i got somewhere i need to be .
he was new , a country zombie .
we were going deeper and deeper into the country and fears crept up in me .
these country zombies would be strong and the goal was to kill them without weapons .
he was lucky to have made playboy willy 's acquaintance , despite his boorish , detracting behavior he had towards him when he 'd be intoxicated or with his other country club chums .
willy had since then promised him that he would find a nice secluded location that would suit their plans perfectly , arrange a double date with two other hot college chicks ( from a different school , of course , they did n't need any heat from their own school ) to do the traditional date thing , travel out to the country making them believe they 're there to blow of some sexually - raging hormone steam ... and then it would be then he 'd free himself of the pain .
after abraham lincolns assassination , his democratic vice president , andrew johnson ( chosen by lincoln as a running mate as a gesture of country unity ) , fought against colorado statehood and the increased republican control that would come because of it .
the country was very beautiful , with green hedges and groves and picturesque peaked cottages and octagonal windmills .
there was unfolded , too , a vast expanse of country to the south ; but it was a desert land without fair fields or cottage chimneys , and seemed to have no ending .
landward beyond the walls lies the farm country , where small white cottages dream between little hills , and narrow roads with many stone bridges wind gracefully among streams and gardens .
this name was given , we are told , in former days , by the good housewives of the adjacent country , from the inveterate propensity of their husbands to linger about the village tavern on market days .
it is said by some to be the ghost of a hessian trooper , whose head had been carried away by a cannon - ball , in some nameless battle during the revolutionary war , and who is ever and anon seen by the country folk hurrying along in the gloom of night , as if on the wings of the wind .
such is the general purport of this legendary superstition , which has furnished materials for many a wild story in that region of shadows ; and the spectre is known at all the country firesides , by the name of the headless horseman of sleepy hollow .
he was a native of connecticut , a state which supplies the union with pioneers for the mind as well as for the forest , and sends forth yearly its legions of frontier woodmen and country schoolmasters .
the revenue arising from his school was small , and would have been scarcely sufficient to furnish him with daily bread , for he was a huge feeder , and , though lank , had the dilating powers of an anaconda ; but to help out his maintenance , he was , according to country custom in those parts , boarded and lodged at the houses of the farmers whose children he instructed .
the schoolmaster is generally a man of some importance in the female circle of a rural neighborhood ; being considered a kind of idle , gentlemanlike personage , of vastly superior taste and accomplishments to the rough country swains , and , indeed , inferior in learning only to the parson .
our man of letters , therefore , was peculiarly happy in the smiles of all the country damsels .
how he would figure among them in the churchyard , between services on sundays ; gathering grapes for them from the wild vines that overran the surrounding trees ; reciting for their amusement all the epitaphs on the tombstones ; or sauntering , with a whole bevy of them , along the banks of the adjacent millpond ; while the more bashful country bumpkins hung sheepishly back , envying his superior elegance and address .
she wore the ornaments of pure yellow gold , which her great - great - grandmother had brought over from saardam ; the tempting stomacher of the olden time , and withal a provokingly short petticoat , to display the prettiest foot and ankle in the country round .
ichabod , on the contrary , had to win his way to the heart of a country coquette , beset with a labyrinth of whims and caprices , which were forever presenting new difficulties and impediments ; and he had to encounter a host of fearful adversaries of real flesh and blood , the numerous rustic admirers , who beset every portal to her heart , keeping a watchful and angry eye upon each other , but ready to fly out in the common cause against any new competitor .
among these , the most formidable was a burly , roaring , roystering blade , of the name of abraham , or , according to the dutch abbreviation , brom van brunt , the hero of the country round , which rang with his feats of strength and hardihood .
in cold weather he was distinguished by a fur cap , surmounted with a flaunting fox 's tail ; and when the folks at a country gathering descried this well - known crest at a distance , whisking about among a squad of hard riders , they always stood by for a squall .
they harried his hitherto peaceful domains ; smoked out his singing school by stopping up the chimney ; broke into the schoolhouse at night , in spite of its formidable fastenings of withe and window stakes , and turned everything topsy - turvy , so that the poor schoolmaster began to think all the witches in the country held their meetings there .
he had , in fact , been a favorite steed of his master 's , the choleric van ripper , who was a furious rider , and had infused , very probably , some of his own spirit into the animal ; for , old and broken - down as he looked , there was more of the lurking devil in him than in any young filly in the country .
not those of the bevy of buxom lasses , with their luxurious display of red and white ; but the ample charms of a genuine dutch country tea - table , in the sumptuous time of autumn .
local tales and superstitions thrive best in these sheltered , long - settled retreats ; but are trampled under foot by the shifting throng that forms the population of most of our country places .
the chief part of the stories , however , turned upon the favorite spectre of sleepy hollow , the headless horseman , who had been heard several times of late , patrolling the country ; and , it was said , tethered his horse nightly among the graves in the churchyard .
ichabod only lingered behind , according to the custom of country lovers , to have a tte -- tte with the heiress ; fully convinced that he was now on the high road to success .
it is true , an old farmer , who had been down to new york on a visit several years after , and from whom this account of the ghostly adventure was received , brought home the intelligence that ichabod crane was still alive ; that he had left the neighborhood partly through fear of the goblin and hans van ripper , and partly in mortification at having been suddenly dismissed by the heiress ; that he had changed his quarters to a distant part of the country ; had kept school and studied law at the same time ; had been admitted to the bar ; turned politician ; electioneered ; written for the newspapers ; and finally had been made a justice of the ten pound court .
the old country wives , however , who are the best judges of these matters , maintain to this day that ichabod was spirited away by supernatural means ; and it is a favorite story often told about the neighborhood round the winter evening fire .
` ` ergo , for a country schoolmaster to be refused the hand of a dutch heiress is a certain step to high preferment in the state . ''
i head out of city and into the country as i make the short drive home .
i passed three days in these rambles and at length discovered the open country .
the whole village was roused ; some fled , some attacked me , until , grievously bruised by stones and many other kinds of missile weapons , i escaped to the open country and fearfully took refuge in a low hovel , quite bare , and making a wretched appearance after the palaces i had beheld in the village .
' he arrived in safety at a town about twenty leagues from the cottage of de lacey , when his attendant fell dangerously ill . safa nursed him with the most devoted affection , but the poor boy died , and the arabian was left alone , unacquainted with the language of the country and utterly ignorant of the customs of the world .
' one day , when the sun shone on the red leaves that strewed the ground and diffused cheerfulness , although it denied warmth , safa , agatone , and felice departed on a long country walk , and the old woman , at her own desire , was left alone in the cottage .
' presently two countrymen passed by , but pausing near the cottage , they entered into conversation , using violent gesticulations ; but i did not understand what they said , as they spoke the language of the country , which differed from that of my protectors .
the country in the neighbourhood of this village resembled , to a greater degree , the scenery of switzerland ; but everything is on a lower scale , and the green hills want the crown of distant white alps which always attend on the piny mountains of my native country .
i had already been three months in prison , and although i was still weak and in continual danger of a relapse , i was obliged to travel nearly a hundred miles to the country town where the court was held .
the fare was , indeed , coarse , such as the peasants of the country ate , but i will not doubt that it was set there by the spirits that i had invoked to aid me .
then with the same suddenness that marked his arrival , the car sped off , its tail lights and mad laughter fading away down the long country road .
the corners of the roof were dominated by abstract sculptures , like you might find in the garden of a country mansion .
a tinny radio in another room plays a country tune from decades ago .
the world was collapsing around us , but we lived out in the country and nothing reached us for a long , long time . ''
geographically sprawling and covering a diversity of terrain , one minute you were downtown , and then you were out in the country in about five minutes .
its nice country up there , the old guy was saying .
they want to live in the country , leave their pets unattended , and let the kids play in the yard .
a little old country doctor simply could nt stand up to him .
momentarily he considered going out into the country and taking a few pictures of the moon .
during the years gil had wandered around the country , he never gave much thought to the lakebridge except when he would find himself asking directions from some local yokel and his snickering friends and then think back fondly to his own imaginary displaced house of worship .
gil , who before selling stuffed moose and maple syrup to tourists had knocked around the country and worked for a time at a slaughterhouse , told me that they only cut the throats of the cows after they knocked them in the head with a hydraulic bolt unless it was a kosher place and then they cut their throats to kill them .
it was a beautiful country town with the culture and charm of vermont .
their house was classic vermont , with country french wallpaper and oil paintings of red barns and roosters , and a beautiful hardwood curio with a collection of antique tea sets .
i ' m not a country rhubarb farmer like you .
the mother of katrine was a respectable dancer to the parties of country , while his / her father , of rigid and rude customs , you / he / she seemed an alien fallen by the stars during that popular meetings , that revived the silence of the countries and that so much they benefitted to the spirit of the young people .
an excessive standstill in the barn with some old companion of scorribande was the delicious pretext for the old maid of country to make to flow their poisonous languages that reached all the ears of the notorious puritanical inhabitants of that burrow of country inactivity .
an excessive standstill in the barn with some old companion of scorribande was the delicious pretext for the old maid of country to make to flow their poisonous languages that reached all the ears of the notorious puritanical inhabitants of that burrow of country inactivity .
forgetful of the obligation to have to now return home to a date , raced behind that stave of arianna that would have brought her out of the heavy labyrinth of silence that filled the surrounding country .
after the lunch the two twins dispersed him for the country in saddle to their horses , regardless to make the respects of house .
you are a great deal an attractive and provocative woman , the sinuosities of your body so difficult son to be concealed that , also if you wear a simple girl suit of country , your forms ransom the feline essence of the sweet sensuality .
possible that in an only handkerchief of country earth , had two girls already turned on him the pyre of the deep desires ?
and meanwhile , while it was reflecting on the evident differences between a girl of city and one of country , it day - dreamed on the perfect match that could derive from this union .
you / he / she would be stopped for a longer time certainly the possible in that place , he / she now knew to thing to inhale during those tedious days of country .
it almost went out of raced from the room and smiled satisfied of his / her shrewdness ; a good girl of country would have been able to easily tell to have been seduced without making i count and to be on him gimmick that molester .
katrine had in front of her the beautiful figure of giuliano that hacked him imposing in that set apart angle of calm country and her it was to his / her feet , inactive and enjoying to be nanny of that man .
a villa in the country , approves lake the kingdom of the fairies that you / they crowd the days of vacations in family .
his / her den , to every way , it was a country house .
you do nt strike me as the country music type .
are we traipsing around the country with a murderer ?
you know , that big country north of the forty - ninth parallel ? ''
plot synopsis a hobo gambles with his last few cents , and wins a country club .
1943 ghost and the guest , the directed by william nigh written by morey amsterdam based on a story by milt gross plot synopsis newlyweds webster ( james dunn ) and jackie ( florence rice ) spend their honeymoon in an old country house that could very well be haunted .
plot synopsis mystery author cornelia van gorder ( agnes moorehead ) rents a quaint country house which was once the site of a spate of murders committed by a killer dubbed by the press as the bat .
the 1960s 1960 baronessen fra benzintanken directed by annelise reenberg written by peer guldbrandsen , john olsen , annelise reenberg plot synopsis danish pastry about a young lady who works as a mechanic , finds out she s really a baroness , moves to the country estate , and meets the fanciful family ghost .
quiet place in the country , a directed by elio petri written by tonino guerra , elio petri , luciano vincenzoni plot synopsis when an uninspired artist goes to a quiet place in the country to paint , he meets an enigmatic woman with hair of gold and eyes of boo yep , she s a ghost !
quiet place in the country , a directed by elio petri written by tonino guerra , elio petri , luciano vincenzoni plot synopsis when an uninspired artist goes to a quiet place in the country to paint , he meets an enigmatic woman with hair of gold and eyes of boo yep , she s a ghost !
name for evil , a directed by bernard girard written by bernard girard plot synopsis when architect john blake ( robert culp ) and his wife joanna ( samantha eggar ) decide to move out to the country and rebuild his great - grandfathers old estate , they find out the dead old codger ( and his horse ! )
voices directed by kevin billington written by robert enders , george kirgo based on the play by richard lortz plot synopsis a young couple takes a country drive and finds themselves in the middle of an awful nightmare ( in fact , nightmare is an alternate title for this flick ) when they meet the ghosts of people they least expected to be dead .
good ol country folk .
it happened on a country road running through a cotton field in alabama .
a long trek through the sewers takes them away from the dangers of toronto , but as they get onto rural roads , a quiet country house may not only hold supplies and shelter , but may hold some answers .
the only thing that lay ahead of us now was a long country road with nothing on it , which seemed a little strange all things considered .
chapter 10 : in country we had been driving straight for about 15 minutes , and figured we must be somewhere on the outskirts of toronto , heading towards scarborough .
this was farming country after all , old men in plaid shirts and suspenders roamed up and down the aisles like some kind of bad clown convention .
aunt wanda lived in the middle of nowhere , with wild country all around .
jeez , she thinks i m going to take her for a ride to the country so i can do her and dump the body .
adel continued down the rough country road , a lantern held before him , its weight nearly too much for his frail arms to support .
just like the country , this town needs a roots - to - branches reorganization .
although mike could not remember the dream he became fascinated with old hotels and began driving around the country looking at every town that had one .
the break the police got began with a resident spotting a stranger dressed in black , wearing a black hat and long coat , walking the country road .
since we were in steinbeck country it was a perfect place to reread his novels .
if she struck out across country , she might walk for a day or more before encountering a house or farm .
you grew up in the country ?
here i was , hoping i could finally get that country club membership too .
get out of the citysee what the country is like .
on these old country roads , houses did nt have driveways and yards as much as a general area where people parked .
she 's supposed to be reacting to the death of her lover , not going for a drive in the country .
situated on a six store strip which was the closest thing strandville had to downtown , devils ink was the black eye on the small towns otherwise simple , country faade .
yes , we were in the country , but there were still neighbours close enough if you needed some sugar or a helping hand , or maybe just a cup of coffee with the local gals .
maybe they d find some more shotgun shells stashed behind a country store counter .
well find a cute little place in the country where you ll finally succumb to my charms .
she was a shy country girl from up north .
even out in the country , real estate agents sold properties as if their lives depended on it .
kara said , moving the subject on , turning now to the practicalities of living in the country .
every time she saw him he was busy showing more prospective buyers around ; with his salesman grin fixed on his face and constant chatter , he still had time to wave to her in attempts to dissuade them from the move , their well - meaning friends had warned them about the perils of country life ; living in a small population out in the middle of nowhere .
there were the basic utility bills to be paid , but living in the country was cheaper than the city .
ryan started scanning the city and country , though ryans binoculars gave him a pretty wide view it was still going to take a long time to view three hundred sixty degrees .
are n't we the country girl , now ?
he had long ago wearied at the babble of cab drivers around the country .
talking about all this in the brightly lit police station was one thing , but alone in the car on a dark wisconsin country road at night a road that passes the very road they just left was another thing .
seeing the look on monroes face , he clarified , i did nt steal anything , came across this in a junk shop in the country , did nt know what they had , likely did nt care .
the country roads can be treacherous .
she liked living in the country ; she craved the peace and quiet , being close to the natural world .
joshua looked out from the passenger side window , taking in the farm country .
one brought a radio and country music filled the area .
she was always busy with the country club , or arranging her familys futures .
i m sure shed be just fine with her friends at the country club whispering behind her back .
he and his brother had never liked the sanitized country club docks .
unable to keep his eyes off her , jamie swerved across the empty country road .
she hates to walk down country lanes in three inch heels , so we had to bring the ford across .
how would she react if she suddenly found that some long forgotten relative bequeathed an old , decrepit country estate to her ?
she was n't a lady then , just a girl spending time in the country .
her brother gave the ring to her one summer when she lived in the country with their uncle conway .
rebecca o'malley was not been happy with her husband 's decision to move to the country .
this visit to the o'malley 's ` ` country estate '' would have to do instead of time abroad .
` ` we of the old country , i think we have a sense of these things .
mrs . cavanaugh is a good influence on mr . m. she brought him to come down for tea again , and they have taken lunch together in the country .
me , you and someones cousin back in the old country i suppose .
angelo had never seen this gun before , although he had held vincents nine millimeter on many occasions when they d gone shooting out in the country .
of course there were no guarantees in the game , just gut feelings that were either bang on or off by a country mile .
the country passed as a blur , until i realized that the landscape had completely changed .
they had known each other throughout their schooling and had now elected to attend the same local college , rather than cross the country in the quest for something better .
his car was parked more than a mile away and he could not face the thought of crossing the dark lanes and country roads .
his tone suggested that the dispatcher was crazy and that it was nt possible for a girl to be lying on the side of a country back road in bludenhale , indiana .
ashleigh was not a country girl by any stretch of the imagination , but her common sense was telling her that either the road was coming to an end and they d missed something , or nobody had been down this far along this trail in a very long time .
she could have gone to harvard or yale or any ivy league college in the country .
i m still trying to figure out why people liked living in the country .
in the darkness of a country lane , terrill sensed the man come up behind him .
as soon as it was dark , jamie went out to make the rounds of the local taverns , most of them playing country music , which she could nt stand .
you do nt understand these country folk .
coming from the country , she did nt understand clean , unmarked pickup trucks .
despite the normality of the country idylls at which we marvelled there were some very stark reminders of the kind of world in which we now lived .
we continued on and were all relieved when we exited the trees and were surrounded by open country side again .
trowler and pat had floated the possibility that given our predicament the mission was effectively over and that perhaps the time had come to begin the long cross country hike to the east in order to try and somehow get back to the aircraft carrier .
she always thought of henry in his bibs as a stereotype of a country farmer , but it was one that was true .
dekes country gas mart , the faded red and blue sign proclaimed .
a tenth of a mile up the road , henry made a quick right and sped up the narrow country road with logan right behind .
something told her their newfound home in the country would not last long .
he is back in the truck , hits the blacktop of the little country road , and punches the gas pedal .
she sent me to live with aunt siobhan in the country .
i suppose you re going to tell me its down an old country road with no street lights .
the radio was tuned to kyos in houma and the middle , twanging licks of ` ` do n't take the girl '' played out its country heartache .
in reality , the windows came from a glass - works shop in downtown tupelo , from the cousin of a former state senator , but since no one questioned the mixture of renaissance and greco furnishings and artwork rampant all around , it took no extreme stretch to imagine the unschooled viewer transported to some european block country .
he was tired of this country fuck , regardless of her degrees .
he pawed weakly at the surface , spinning along like a kitten cast off a country bridge in the water below .
there are people that love the country life .
his belligerence toward the nazi regime targeted him a political subversive during the summer of 1942 , and he was captured ( taken really from his country estate as he sipped tea early one morning ) , imprisoned , boarded on a train like cattle , and shipped off to buchenwald .
everyone was as helpful as country folk generally are , and everyone was eventually accounted for in a ten - mile radius except mertles husband and boys .
he d always taken country routes because he d always been a country boy .
he d always taken country routes because he d always been a country boy .
this place was becoming like an old , forgotten cemetery in the country .
billy eased the cadillac to the side of the country road .
i d hate to think that i was following a virgin hired gun cross country .
the lush green south carolina low country had given way to steep hills and dark woods .
its not nice to make fun of me because i m from the country .
as jacob had grown up he would try to escape to the green in the country at every opportunity possible , his parents barely able to prevent him from running away to the fields and forests that were only an hour away on the train .
were going to spend some time in the country , at sir clives estate .
and sure enough , moments later , a large country house loomed up ahead , lit up by rows of decorative lamp - posts around a circular front lawn .
carefully and methodically she 'd packed only the things that really mattered to her , then she went to the bank and withdrew all the cash that she could before starting the long drive to her parents cottage in the country .
* norfolk - 2000 after three hours of driving susan turned off the main norwich - to - fakenham road into a narrow country lane .
later that day , after her workout , while she was poring over yet more of her mothers writings , she came across a name and an address , the name was sir clive and the address was the same as the house she and walther had raided in hammersmith , her excitement grew further when she saw that there was another address for sir clive , apparently he had a house in the country near a town called shillingham .
it was during one of those occasional downpours the sir clive arrived at his country house .
kelvin bright eventually appeared , wearing his country gentlemans waxed jacket and hat , to park the car in the garage .
she yelled again at the immediate prospect of a shared weekend in the country instead of the usual two days with books and television .
twenty kilometers ahead on both sides of the motorway they could see patches of green with scattered towns and villages : hill country .
were in wild country , we ca nt be far !
this is wild country , dorothea .
by three oclock the idea had taken possession of their minds that they would nt survive there in such wild country , perhaps twenty kilometers from the nearest inhabited farmhouse .
a vital piece of information tales from the old country failed to mention , was that gargoyles could move through stone as easily as people walked through the air .
but yorkshire drive was the fastest thru way in the country but added a half hour ride to scotland .
they entered the stage to the tunes of some 1970s back water pop or some country music performer .
he watched the tree lined woods and suburban highlights of the towns and country side of the region flash by .
this caused people to assume that he was from the mediterranean region - particularly sicily , where people are much darker than their italian country men from the north of italy .
miles before they pulled into the citys newly built train terminal argyle looked out over the wooded country side as they drew closer to the city .
he smiled at the thought of himself running panicked through the country cemetery .
maybe shed invite one of her male friends for a country weekend .
i hunkered down a little closer to the tree i was hiding behind , that bone twanging like a country song in my throat .
there is one that commands the road , a lovely , shaded , winding road , and one that just looks off over the country .
a lovely country , too , full of great elms and velvet meadows .
i have watched her sometimes away off in the open country , creeping as fast as a cloud shadow in a high wind .
the country people , those belonging to the mornet , declare that at night one can hear talking going on in the sand , and also that two goats bleat , one with a strong , the other with a weak voice .
the water was icy , and the banks flew by like the country from an express train .
` ` i will see , mr . utterson , '' said poole , admitting the visitor , as he spoke , into a large , low - roofed , comfortable hall paved with flags , warmed ( after the fashion of a country house ) by a bright , open fire , and furnished with costly cabinets of oak .
clarke , in the deep folds of dream , was conscious that the path from his father 's house had led him into an undiscovered country , and he was wondering at the strangeness of it all , when suddenly , in place of the hum and murmur of the summer , an infinite silence seemed to fall on all things , and the wood was hushed , and for a moment in time he stood face to face there with a presence , that was neither man nor beast , neither the living nor the dead , but all things mingled , the form of all things but devoid of all form .
it appears that the occupants of the house were a mr . and mrs . charles herbert ; he was said to be a landed proprietor , though it struck most people that paul street was not exactly the place to look for country gentry .
and there you are again in another puzzle ; what could a respectable country gentleman like mr . blank ( we 'll call him that if you do n't mind ) want in such a very queer house as number 20 ?
' the deceased , ' said the paragraph , ' was known as charles herbert , and is believed to have been once a prosperous country gentleman .
she was described to me as being quite young , probably not more than seventeen or eighteen , very handsome , and looking as if she came from the country .
i have been in the country for the last few days ; perhaps you may be able to guess in which part .
i had said i would see the deserted village , so on i went and presently came on a wide stretch of open country , shut in by hills all around .
i thought of the miles and miles of bleak country i had passed , and then hurried on to seek shelter of the wood in front .
i ' m a country boy at heart , but for all my simple ways i ' m still enamored at the sight of a huge hunk of steel rising from the earth on the back of a blazing inferno .
travel center and had a nice big country fried steak .
they had a little self - serve coffee station , like every other truck stop in the country , so i made myself a nice big jug full of dark mountain roast and drank it black , as usual .
and why the hell am i pulling it across the country ? ''
the sonoma coast is a wild and rugged piece of country .
he never thought of the country or the city or his fellow humans .
no , to really make it , they had to become modern - day farmers , and the new mexico high country was nt the place for that .
at a very early age , he left home and worked his way across country to new york city .
his voice was almost hushed , more as though he were seated in a small country church rather than a restaurant .
i really did , he mumbled , as he drove past a closed convenience store and turned off the empty country highway onto a dirt road .
she found her husband sitting behind the steering wheel with a dopey grin on his dead face as old country and western songs played from the eight track stereo .
billy heard the enormous backfire and country music coming from somewhere toward the park 's exit as he reached for the bb rifle .
his parents went out to the country club for a new years eve party and he had the house all to himself .
looking in utter bewilderment under the hood , he silently cursed his wife for suggesting their stupid cross country adventure .
his afternoon had been wasted , but he planned on making up for it tonight at his country club 's halloween spooktacular costume party .
well , i do n't care if i ' m walking death , i ' m not missing the party at the country club .
his headache had grown fiercer as they drove to the country club .
boris nudged billy 's leg and they went toward the next street while in the distance the music of a band playing at the country club drifted over and mixed with the sounds of hundreds of kids running around enjoying their one night of legalized extortion .
the sheriff actually has him and a couple of guys working tonight over at the country club .
the country club was only a few blocks away and once the deputy mentioned it , bo wondered how he had n't noticed the music drifting across the golf course and adjoining neighborhood .
* * * * * bo was standing on the balcony of the country club smoking a cigarette and enjoying a second bottle of beer while talking with his old friend , lopez .
the other one 's wandering the parking lot , somewhere out there , lopez said , gesturing toward the hundreds of expensive luxury cars parked on both sides of the country club .
this was the place his soul longed to be , not rotting away in the country , lost among the corn .
` ` i love the country .
* * * deputy jerry canfield had just finished patrolling the southern end of the county and was using the country road to return to charleston before finishing his rounds when he drove down the graveled road .
some nights that would enjoy an evening tour and dinner in paris before escaping on a train back to their country guesthouse where they drank champagne and wine while making beautiful love into the late evening hours .
they moved out of town , state and country to find different jobs .
love of country and god were often set - aside during times of happiness and prosperity , only to be sought and dusted off when the tides changed and life became more difficult .
the dirty air was hard to breath and made him miss the country that much more .
his mom might like hot weather , but he was raised in the north country and it made him uncomfortable .
they acquired an impressive stack of music , one that spanned all the genres , including some country that billy snuck in when jason had his back turned .
get us back out in the country .
whatever one called it , in the vast , flat , farm country , the ridge and occupying house dominated the skyline , standing over tracts of trees that partitioned the individual fields .
jsus knew nothing of architecture prominent out in the country , even so , the house had a distinct air of age and tradition .
after his turn came and went , jsus had one clear assumption about the family inside the farmhouse , they really loved living in the country .
the one thing i envy people who live in the country for is the darkness they are blessed with at night .
everything in the country seemed to be laid out on a grid of elongated rectangles .
state yer business civilian , john said , in a voice as country as a coal burning stove .
he fired the big white truck up with a roar as classic country blared from the speakers .
` ` so , you two are just out hiking around the country for the summer ? ''
they ordered food and more drinks and sat on the patio until the sun set into the plain behind them while they talked absently about emily and peter 's hiking trip , klas 's observations on the small village and its people and avoiding , constantly , what klas was in the country researching .
the country side looked as though the flames of hell had themselves come to consume us all .
and just as he heard his mother 's town and country wagon turn into the driveway , he realized the wino was dussander .
nowadays i am howard the conqueror , stock broker extraordinaire , terror of derry municipal country club , frequent habitue ` of what is known at golf courses all over the world as the nineteenth hole , but in ' 71 i was part of a medical assistance team in the mekong delta , a scared kid who sometimes woke up wet - eyed from dreams of the family dog , and all at once i know this feel , this smell .
blaze turned the knob until he found country .
the plow had gone by in the night , pushing back the snow - dunes the wind made across these country roads where there were open fields to one side and t'other , and any other tracks were gone .
he turned on the radio and was surprised when it did n't play the rock george listened to but warmed up right to country .
lots of country songs did .
` ` at least out in the country , where i live . ''
so they walked , and of course there was nothing at the state line but a billboard ( a small one , as befitted a two - lane blacktop road winding through farm country ) reading you are now entering new hampshire and bienvenue !
` ` it 's all soft stuff , no rock , no country - ` ` ` ` i should guess nothing classical , either , '' the head put in .
on the other side of the intersection , where 160 took off into the north country , stood the newfield trading post .
in the country , maybe , but not in suburbia , usa . '
there was a greasy calendar with a pin - up of a blond goddess in short - shorts and an open blouse climbing over a fence in the country .
junkins 's car had been driven off a lonely country road and battered to so much senseless wreckage ( that goddam junkins is still after me full steam ahead ; he better watch out or somebody might just junk him ... ... just stay on my side , dennis .
what had junkins seen behind him on that country road outside of blairsville ?
his wife has got a country squire wagon .
` ` 1 said maybe you ought to drive across country on your bike before you get too old to work the footgears , or start drinking again and splash yourself all over the black hills . ''
` ` you could cross the country on your motorcycle and collect material for a new bunch of essays , '' she was saying .
john steinbeck had crossed the country with his dog in a makeshift camper .
he could cross the country on his red - and - cream softail , from the atlantic where it touched con - necticut to the pacific where it touched california .
sitting in the middle of some country highway .
the harley had brought him all the way across the country without a single missed stroke of its sweet american engine , and it hurt to see it treated with such absent disdain .
` ` he 's crossing the country , getting material for a book .
welcome to country music hell , johnny thought .
from inside came the sound of country music , broken by heavy static .
they were brown recluse spiders , also known as fiddle - back spiders , because the shape on their backs looked vaguely like a country fiddle .
had he really crossed the country on a motorcycle ?
you think i 'd try driving cross - country on a harley with half a pound of grass in my saddlebag ?
on the spider 's back was a shape which vaguely resembled a country fiddle .
whatever purposes it had served in the past , surely none of the people who had attended those quaint country ceremonies could have predicted this stage 's final function .
` ` he was over tbere - ' in country , ' he usually calls it - almost a year , researching a book .
images danced crazily in his mind : terry grabbing his belt - loops and yanking him tight to her belly as he began to come , the best orgasm of his life and it had gone nowhere but into his pants , tell that one to ernest hemingway ; coming out of the pool at the bel - air , laughing , hair plastered to his forehead , holding up the beer - bottle as the cameras flashed ; bill harris telling him that going across country on his motorcycle might change his life and his whole career , if he was really up to it , that was .
the figure at my back is not my friend ; the hand upon my shoulder turns to horn theodore roethke kurtz and underhill 1 the only thing in the cps area was a little beer n deer store called gosselin 's country market .
in any case , he did not believe the hundred or so square miles of forestland surrounding gosselin 's country market had much future as a viable ecosystem .
at gosselin 's 1 to archie perlmutter , high - school valedictorian ( speech topic : ' the joys and the responsibilities of democracy ' ) , onetime eagle scout , faithful presbyterian , and west point grad , gosselin 's country mar ? ket no longer looked real .
we fade in on an isolated country store .
her accent was soft country tennessee ; the face under the boy - cropped blonde hair was hard as stone .
feverish , crampy in spite of a second prednisone pill and two more percocets , now spraying blood every time he coughed , duddits cavell was several country miles from all right .
i thought that was red sox country . ''
ilse , who had learned to drive in snow country , handled this without complaint or comment .
` ` i ' m into country and even more into old standards , '' he said .
v a day later , i went to nokomis with wireman to pick up a new sink - trap for the folks at 17 ( sports car ; shitty country music ) and some plastic fencing at the hardware store for the mean dogs .
to cmt : country music television .
` ` just like the country singer . ''
the implication was that small - town middle of farm country was n't the most likely place to find a writer of paranormal thrillers .
the dadier brothers , two local wide boys , are responsible for our lot , but troop d sits in the amish country on the edge of the short hills , and when there 's a big storm the wind blows drifts across the lot again almost as soon as the plow leaves .
it was early afternoon on the sort of day that 's common enough in the short hills amish country during midsummer : overcast and hot , the heat magnified by a syrupy humidity that hazed the horizon and made our part of the world , which usually looks big and generous to me , appear small and faded instead , like an old snapshot that 's lost most of its color .
that 's earthquake country in there , curtis wilcox said .
if it does n't , we 'll go upstairs or down to the country way diner , if you 're hungry .
that 's earthquake country in there , so be careful .
' it 's earthquake country in there . '
where is he , he promised he 'd be home by six - thirty at the latest , i got the roast he wanted down at pepper 's , eighty - nine cents a pound , now it 's cooked like an old boot , gray as wash - water ( only of course what the lady said was warsh - warter ) , if he 's down at the country way or the tap you tell me right now , sandy , so i can call and tell him what 's what .
' he brought it up at that meeting he called , the one in the back room at the country way .
started telling that story after awhile , guys who were in the back room of the country way when tony schoondist said right out loud that he believed the buick in shed b had something to do with ennie 's disappearance . '
tony schoondist called that meeting in the the country way , two nights after the buick came in and ennis disappeared , mostly to make sure we would .
without thinking of the country way and the buick out in shed b .
' what that meeting in the country way really boiled down to was just one thing .
he had it one day at the tri - town mall , while his wife tried on clothes in country casuals .
' well ... there was the meeting at the country way , ' i said .
' anyway , the thing at the country way 's not the kind of meeting i ' m talking about .
by a country mile ?
bradley roach was safely on the hook for that , roach had unspooled him up the side of a pulled - over sixteen - wheeler , leaving a bloodsmear ten feet long and as tall as a state trooper , about six - feet - two in the case of curtis wilcox , pulling his clothes not just off but inside out as well in the scream of brakes and all the while the radio playing wpnd , which billed itself western pennsylvania 's country - fried radio , what else would it be but country with a half - drunk low rider like bradley ?
bradley roach was safely on the hook for that , roach had unspooled him up the side of a pulled - over sixteen - wheeler , leaving a bloodsmear ten feet long and as tall as a state trooper , about six - feet - two in the case of curtis wilcox , pulling his clothes not just off but inside out as well in the scream of brakes and all the while the radio playing wpnd , which billed itself western pennsylvania 's country - fried radio , what else would it be but country with a half - drunk low rider like bradley ?
it 's still earthquake country in there , but the earth never shakes as hard these days .
i ' m going down to the country way to bite a cheeseburger .
the country way was n't crowded .
the red needle had stood at sixty - one before i went down to the country way , but now it had dropped back to fifty - seven .
the country way would be closed by now , and i doubted if cynthia garris would be very happy to see my face in the place again soon , anyway .
afterward i went down to the country way with shirley , huddie , phil , and george stankowski .
the first is of trying to explain to shirley how weird the country way 's jukeboxes were , how all the songs were the very ones you never thought of anymore until you saw their names again here .
i remembered that night at the country way , nipping the pages of the dead jukebox back and forth , trying to isolate the most important question , which was the one ned had decided not to ask .
more importantly , lou and some of his mates took me to lunch at a restaurant in amish country , where we consumed huge sandwiches and drank pitchers of iced tea , and where they regaled me with stories of trooper life .
she suddenly remembered the time daddy had slammed the driver s - side door of their old country squire station wagon on maddy 's left hand , not knowing she was sliding out on his side for a change instead of on her own .
a real shame , too - nothing cheered up a handcuffed woman more reliably than a little country morning rose blusher .
they think a little slower out here in the country , though , do n't they t might take him all of two minutes .
she was still only a woman with dead arms and a dead husband , cuffed to the posts of this bed like a cur dog chained to a ringbolt and left to die unremarked and unlamented in a dusty back yard while his tosspot master serves thirty days in the country clink for driving without a license and under the influence .
you were about nine country miles from lolita .
yes , and half an hour later either the big blue medcu van from norway or the big orange one marked castle country rescue would turn up and trundle her off to safety .
i drove out to 117 and then up to dakin 's country store - it 's one of those places where the locals hang out when they 're too broke to go over to rangeley or to one of the bars in motton .
an hour after that i was lying in a crank - up bed , watching blood run down a tube into my arm and listening to some country music asshole sing about how tough his life had been since his woman left him and his pickup truck broke down .
the investigation went on for seven years , remember , and a lot of people were in on it before it ended two state police departments , four country sheriffs , thirty - one deputies , and god knows how many local cops and constables .
she could hear 27 . the sough of the wind through the big old west - country pines , she could hear the squawk of a jay and the far - off hammering of a woodpecker digging his midmorning snack out of a hollow tree , she could hear a couple of freshly arrived mosquitoes ( they were buzzing around both ears now ) , but no human voices .
trisha 's eyes flew wide open and she listened for the next ten minutes , long after wcas had reverted , like someone with unbreakable bad habits , to country music and nascar reports .
this team is a combination of kids from newburgh and hampden , and newburgh is still small farm and dairy country .
many of these kids ride to the games in old cars with primer paint around the headlights and mufflers held in place by chicken wire ; they wear sunburns they got doing chores , not while they were hanging out at the country - club swimming pool .
town kids and country kids .
i woke to country music and my arm flung over someone 's stomach .
` ` he wants me to take him out of the country on a job when he turns eighteen , if i think he 's ready . ''
` ` i was raised in the country .
` ` country girl ? ''
` ` country girl , '' he said .
this was not an entirely happy thought ; mixed with it was a pride so fierce that it sometimes made her feel a bit ill . once upon a time , you see , there had been a lonely eighteen - year - old girl named patricia blum who had been refused entry to the after - prom party that was held at the country club in the upstate town of glointon , new york .
not even being members of this country club , where the maitre d '' always greeted them with a quietly respectful ` ` good evening , mr and mrs uris . ''
but then she would be somewhere - at the supermarket , maybe - and she would hear sudden tittering laughter from the next aisle and her back would prickle , her nipples would go hard and hurtful , her hands would tighten on the bar of the shopping cart or just on each other , and she would think : someone just told someone else that i ' m jewish , that i ' m nothing but a bignose mockie kike , that stanley 's nothing but a bignose mockie kike , he 's an accountant , sure , jews are good with numbers , we let them into the country club , we had to , back in 1981 when that bignose mockie gynecologist won his suit , but we laugh at them , we laugh and laugh and laugh .
she doubted if patty knew how often she had thanked god that ` ` you kids '' were out in the country , where both air and water - but particularly the water - were healthier ( to ruth all of the south , including atlanta and birmingham , was the country ) .
she doubted if patty knew how often she had thanked god that ` ` you kids '' were out in the country , where both air and water - but particularly the water - were healthier ( to ruth all of the south , including atlanta and birmingham , was the country ) .
there you 'd turn off on highway 92 at bucky 's hi - hat eat - em - up ( ' chicken fried steak our specialty ' ) and once out in the country again you 'd hang a right on highway 63 , which runs straight as a string through the deserted little town of gatlin and finally into hemingford home .
` ` considering some of the things i ' ve heard over the last couple of years , you 'd have to go a fair country distance to convince me you 're crazy , '' i said .
may 28th , 1985 , has become may 29th over the dark and stormy country that is western illinois tonight ; farmers backsore with plantings sleep like the dead below and dream their quicksilver dreams and who knows what may move in their barns and their cellars and their fields as the lightning walks and the thunder talks ?
the southbound tram would take you to portland and then on down to boston , and from south station the country was yours .
he spoke with the indulgent air of a great teacher correcting a country bumpkin 's fatuous ideas .
her investments had done well ( ' feminism and capitalism are not mutually exclusive , thank god , '' she had once told bev ) and now she was a wealthy woman with a townhouse , a place in the country , and two or three lovers virile enough to go the distance with her in the sack but not quite virile enough to beat her at tennis .
none of them had ever stepped a foot inside of the paradise or wally 's spa , they did their boozing at the country club which then stood over on derry heights , but they wanted to make sure that none of those barbags or peavey - swingers got polluted by the blacks of company e. ` ` so major fuller says , ` ` i never wanted them here in the first place .
and in case you 're wondering how true this part of the story is , all i can tell you is that the conversation was repeated to me by trevor dawson , who was swabbing the floors over there in officers '' country that day and heard it all .
those things or any of the others you heard in those shitkicking country songs about truck - drivers who wore stetson hats and had cheating on their minds .
eddie , lost in these memories , walked from the place where home had been , across the pitcher 's mound ( only it had never been a mound ; it had been a depression from which the gravel had been scraped clean ) , and out into shortstop country .
his dad was neutral on the subject of rock and roll and could perhaps have been swayed , but richie knew in his heart that his mother 's wishes would rule on this subject - until he was sixteen or seventeen , anyway - and by then , his mother was firmly convinced , the country 's rock and roll mania would have passed .
in it misery spent a cheerful country weekend boffing growler , ian 's irish setter .
surely there was a rifle around somewhere - almost everyone living in the high country had one - and that would take care of the problem .
this neat and tidy structure with its dark - red paint and neat cream - colored trim looked like the five - car garage of a well - to - do country squire masquerading as a barn .
he spoke it aloud this time as he stepped into the huge and stuporously warm west country kitchen .
this time she was not heading downhill , toward sidewinder , but up into the high country .
he guessed that some of this hoarding was a simple nod to the realities of her situation : she was a woman alone living in the high country , where a person might reasonably expect to spend a certain period - maybe only a day , but sometimes as long as a week or even two - cut off from the rest of the world .
it looked like it had come through about ninety miles of splash and low country .
she regarded him gravely over her dinner in the old country inn , firelight flickering orange on one of her smooth cheeks and the left side of her brow .
she drove down to the country oven at the end of main street and got half a dozen doughnutshoney - glazed for her , chocolate coconut for danforth .
ordinarily , everett would have been unhappy to be sent on a house - call first thing , especially one so far out in the country , but on an unseasonably hot morning like this , a ride out of town seemed like just the thing .
he drove down main street , meaning to cross the tin bridge between the town and the country , and then slowed as he approached needful things .
what i do to you if you even try will make what the corson brothers were planning look like a day in the country .
` ` i- '' brian began , and then the police radio alan had installed beneath the dash of the town and country wagon three or four years ago squawked to life .
it was just a fact of country life .
he stuck out his elbow instead , then jerked it up like a man doing an enthusiastic buckand - wing at a country dance .
years later , in europe , as the plague raged and the deadcarts rolled , he had gone from town to town and country to country in a wagon drawn by a slat - thin white horse with terrible burning eyes and a tongue as black as a killer 's heart .
years later , in europe , as the plague raged and the deadcarts rolled , he had gone from town to town and country to country in a wagon drawn by a slat - thin white horse with terrible burning eyes and a tongue as black as a killer 's heart .
so she had taken off the old jeans and shirt she had worn on her expedition to the country and folded them neatly over the chair by the door .
what followed was a shaky , hand - held shot of a country road .
the talisman had become a buckboard ; the buckboard now became a medicine - show wagon of the sort which might have crisscrossed the country a hundred years ago .
they had been married almost two years and they still loved each other very much , but it had been a long trip across country from st . louis , especially in a car with a broken radio and air - conditioner .
the hempstead place itself was a rambling country farmhouse , added to by succeeding generations whenever the need c or maybe just the urge c to do some building happened to strike .
i could barely see through my tears , quickly jerking the wheel north down a country road .
get into the country . ''
` ` damn , brother , i thought i was in the country . ''
in the country , away from all the sick people . ''
the facts of the prosecution 's case that andy never contested were these : that he had a wife , linda collins dufresne ; that in june of 1947 she had expressed an interest in learning the game of golf at the falmouth hills country club ; that she did indeed take lessons for four months ; that her instructor was the falmouth hills golf pro , glenn quentin ; that in late august of 1947 andy learned that quentin and his wife had become lovers ; that andy and linda dufresne argued bitterly on the afternoon of 10 september 1947 ; that the subject of their argument was her infidelity .
a bartender from the country club bar testified that andy had come in around seven o'clock on the evening of 10 september , had tossed off three straight whiskeys in a twenty - minute period - when he got up from the bar - stool he told the bartender that he was going up to glenn quentin 's house and he , the bartender , could ' read about the rest of it in the papers ' .
on the way to quentin 's bungalow , he swung into the country club for a couple of quick ones .
on sunday the place was even more crowded ; on sunday the place would have looked like a country holiday ... if there had been any women .
well , andy and his wife had been going out to that country club for drinks and dinner once or twice a week for a couple of years , and andy had done a considerable amount of drinking there once he found out about his wife 's affair .
there was a marina with the country club , and for a while in 1947 there had been a part - time grease - and - gas jockey working there who matched tommy 's description of elwood blatch .
so i believe we 'll just declare this little meeting closed and - ' ' the country club will have ail the old time - cards , do n't you realize that ? '
if i ' ve got tommy to testify to what blatch told him , and briggs to testify that blatch was there , actually working at the country club , i can get a new trial !
if they try to cut across country , some farmer sees them and just phones the location in to the prison .
shawshank is no canon city , but in a rural area a man humping his ass across country in a grey pyjama suit sticks out like a cockroach on a wedding cake .
with this piece , you do n't have to worry about tracking the goddam animal for twelve miles through the high country , the animal suffering the whole time , not to mention you missing dinner .
they had spent that weekend in the country , bundled up against the cold and the snow which threatened but did not fall .
i was n't going to fuck my way across the country , not me . ''
and you say it , no matter how bad the words taste in your mouth and you rumple the kid 's hair - there 's always one , dawes , just the one , not like the nasty rabbits down in this part of town that breed a whole tenementful of them - and you say what a fine young man you ' ve got here , or what a pretty girl , and if you 're very lucky the lady will have invited some of her bridge buddies or country club buddies to see this sideshow - freak priest , who 's probably a radical and running guns to the panthers or the algerian freedom league , and you do the old father brown bit , add a trace of the auld blarney , and smile until your face hurts .
i ' ve rented a big farmhouse in the country .
' the language is rough , but when you 're writing about uneducated country boys , you ca n't ... look , can i buy you an ice - cream soda or something ?
we only got one channel anyway - lots of country music , farm reports , and kitty the klown . '
the slewfoot hill milkman in west salem was irwin purinton , and he began his run along brock street ( which was known in the country as the brock road or that christless washboard ) .
beneath each was a typed caption : fine country living !
on the left was a small country store that stayed open on sundays , where her father got the sunday times .
was mears out there someplace , drinking beer on a country road , or could it be that everything the old school ? teacher had told him was true ?
could be any town in the country .
3 ' salem 's lot slept darkly , and the vampires walked its streets and country roads like a trace memory of evil .
a farmhouse in the country , take six or eight years to renovate it completely , what the hell , they were young , they had time .
las vegas group buys famed colorado hotel scenic overlook to become key club robert t. leffing , spokesman for a group of investors going under the name of high country investments , announced today in las vegas that high country has negotiated a deal for the famous overlook hotel , a resort located high in the rockies .
las vegas group buys famed colorado hotel scenic overlook to become key club robert t. leffing , spokesman for a group of investors going under the name of high country investments , announced today in las vegas that high country has negotiated a deal for the famous overlook hotel , a resort located high in the rockies .
apparently the paper had n't been able to find out or was n't interested in who the key holders were , because no name was mentioned but high country investments - the most anonymous - sounding company name jack had ever heard except for a chain of bike and appliance shops in western new england that went under the name of business , inc .
high country exec revealed to be charles grondin by rodney conklin , financial editor the overlook hotel , a scenic pleasure palace in the colorado high country and once the private plaything of millionaire horace derwent , is at the center of a financial tangle which is only now beginning to come to light .
high country exec revealed to be charles grondin by rodney conklin , financial editor the overlook hotel , a scenic pleasure palace in the colorado high country and once the private plaything of millionaire horace derwent , is at the center of a financial tangle which is only now beginning to come to light .
on april 10 of last year the hotel was purchased by a las vegas firm , high country investments , as a key club for wealthy executives of both foreign and domestic breeds .
now informed sources say that high country is headed by charles grondin , 53 , who was the head of california land development corp . until 1959 , when he resigned to take the position of executive veep in the chicago home office of derwent enterprises .
this has led to speculation that high country investments may be controlled by derwent , who may have acquired the overlook for the second time , and under decidedly peculiar circumstances .
it now seems more likely that derwent 's interest in high country ( if any ) is outweighed by those of several las vegas gambling barons .
present at the overlook during that sunny week in august were : charles grondin , president of high country investments .
when it became known in july of this year that he was running the high country ship it was announced - considerably after the fact - that he had resigned his position in derwent enterprises previously .
prashkin owns large blocks of stock in derwent enterprises , high country investments , fun time automatic machines , and three vegas casinos .
where the beer is thirty cents a glass and you cut it with salt and the jukebox is loaded with seventy country oldies ?
he was speaking with a country man , and he knew that all country men feel a similar need to approach their business obliquely , to smell around its corners and sides before plunging into the middle of dealing .
he was speaking with a country man , and he knew that all country men feel a similar need to approach their business obliquely , to smell around its corners and sides before plunging into the middle of dealing .
limned in stark blacks and whites , hallorann first thought it was some hideously huge timberwolf that had been driven down from the high country by the storm .
norm bruett woke up at quarter past ten in the morning to the sound of kills fighting outside the bedroom window and country music from the radio in the kitchen .
things had come to a pretty pass when they had to play nigger rock and roll music like that on the local country music station .
working , and working hard , if you wanted to cut through the country bullshit .
he was standing on a country road , at the precise place where the black hottop gave up to bone - white dirt .
through buckhorn and then they were back in the country god forgot , two - lane blacktop running through sagebrush and sand , buttes and mesas in the background , all that same old same old made you want to just rare back and puke at it .
and began hammering on the bars like a farm cook calling the hired hands in for a big country supper .
number 1 to i-95 , i-95 to us 302 , and then northwest on 302 through the lake country towns of western maine , across the chimney of new hampshire on the same road , and then into vermont .
he had just passed through the town of south ryegate , new hampshire , and now the highway wound through a pretty country of overhanging elms that dappled the road with coins of moving sunlight .
and since they had left passaic and gotten into the country , they had made great time .
there might be a young guy somewhere in the country right now , perfect physical condition , immune to the flu but dying of tonsillitis .
i ' m not here to squeeze you out like some bully at a country fair dance . ''
that day was july 8 , 1990 , and they slept that night in flat open farm country forty miles west of deerhead .
one of these windows had been forced up , and when larry leaned out , he had a breathtaking view of the country for miles around .
the dogs were gone , carried off by the plague , but the wolves remained in the high mountain country , ready to serve the imp of satan .
the country squire station wagon behind her was peppered with buckshot .
now he 'll shoot her , frannie thought , but the second man whirled around like a drunken soldier doing an about - face and began to fire rapidly into the group of three women still cringing against the side of the country squire .
as the gigantic quiet of the nearly empty country accumulated on her day by day , imprinting its truth on her brain by its very weight , the sun - the moon , too , for that matter - began to seem bigger and more important .
` ` i followed you across the country from maine , '' larry said .
the fellow who had struggled across the country from louisiana to boulder with a party of twelve summed it up perfectly .
those shrike missiles , do you think they 're so flagg can win his girl a kewpie doll at the country fair ? ''
except for the noisy drinkers behind him at the inn , here in the country territories people went to bed when the sun did .
now he was only one more rube from the country come to the market - town , walking slowly between the stalls , trying to gawk in every direction at once .
the way going north and south was little more than a country lane .
this boy smelled like cambridge , and cambridge was country .
until now he had felt both safe and delighted : delighted to be back in the territories where there was a nip in the air but nothing like the dull , cold gray bite of western ohio , safe with big , friendly wolf beside him , way out in the country , miles from anything or anyone .
' dope is rampant in the country , ' richard said in eerie lecture - hall tones .
certainly it was the antithesis of the pale - brown country around baja , with its clear , bone - dry air .
when they were both six ( six , jacky was six ) jack had overheard his father and morgan sloat talking about a place they went to , a place that jacky called the daydream - country .
i crossed the country for it !
' all the way across the country to arcadia beach , new hampshire .
come late june the summer people would start arriving in their accustomed droves , and with them would come old residents ( and their children ) who had moved away to warmer or more profitable parts of the country but who still held property in town .
small - town murder in real life , he had found , rarely bore any likeness to the small - town murders in agatha christie novels , where seven people all took a turn at stabbing wicked old colonel storping - goiter at his country house in puddleby - on - the - marsh during a moody winter storm .
sounds bad , i know , but that juniper hill mental asylum is n't all that far away , and when you see a man alone on a country road at almost one in the morning , it 's enough to make anyone nervous , even if he is wearing a suit . '
mrs arsenault was a fine old country talker , and she simply rolled over norris ridgewick with a kind of relentless grandiosity .
there was a stench around the truck which was in a way like the stench around the spot in some country road where a car has hit and crushed a skunk .
what else does the well - dressed writer wear when he 's planning on doing murder in the country at one o'clock in the morning ?
as the country rube in oliver goldsmith 's she stoops to conquer was wo nt to say , it was perfectly unpossible , diggory .
you 're up to your cut throats in blood , that 's what i think , and there 's a message written on your living - room wall out there in big sky country .
the soft brush - stroke of southern accent was still there , but the overlay of country bumpkin was entirely gone - thad only realized how strongly yet subtly stark had managed to convey that feeling of ' hail - fahr , boys , i ai n't too bright but i shore did get away with it , did n't i , hyuck , hyuck , hyuck ? '
the beaumonts ' part of ludlow was still far enough out in the country to qualify as a rural community not the sticks , but definitely not part of either of the big towns .
fifteen minutes later he had left auburn behind and was out in the country again , heading west toward the lakes region .
he had found himself remembering a picnic in the country when he had been seven or eight , sitting down and putting his hand in something warm and slippery .
if you were lost in the big north country and panicked , they might as well carve your headstone .
he had the air of a man who is not used to the country , a man who knows there are no more wolves or cougars in new england , but who wants to make sure all the same .
bailing some half - assed country cop out of a jam so he can get re - elected next year .
from the twin loudspeakers came the sound of john denver singing ' thank god i ' m a country boy . '
' i do stuff for them , sometimes for country journal , sometimes for downeast , you know . '
now she pulled over on the shoulder of a pretty little country road , got out , and crossed to the small cemetery on the other side .
he was saving me for his grandson , hal , he put me on the bathroom shelf with his soap aan his razor and his burma - shave and the philco radio he listened to the brooklyn dodgers on , and i started to clap , and one of my cymbals hit that old radio and into the tub it went , and then i came to you , hal , i worked my way along the country roads at night and the moonlight shone off my teeth at three in the morning and i left many people dead at many scenes .
' you got into an argument with some guys at a place called the stone country bar and grille , ' cummings said .
you remember the stone country bar and grille and them thar good ole boys , james , my dear ? '
after all , it was only the argument in the stone country bar and grille continued to another night , was n't it ?
2 the vehicle by the trench was bobbi 's old truck c only before that it had been a country squire station wagon .
now the truck had been resurrected c although it hardly looked like the same vehicle , except for the blue paint and the remains of fake wood siding that had been one of the country squire 's trademarks .
mr moran said she could expect to get sued for every town dollar she had , and a few country ones in the bargain .
mrs thurlow thought ruth 's dolls were just the dearest things , cunning as a cat a - running , sweet as a lick of cream ; if there are other country cliches for fascinating , mrs thurlow had undoubtedly applied them to ruth 's dolls , and she was totally unable to credit her daughter 's fear of them .
incest is one of those time - honored country traditions of which the romantic poets rarely write .
she rolled down main street and out into the country , sitting bolt upright and white - knuckled , a graven smile on her face , tongue - twisters ( she sells pickled peppers bitter butter ) flying through her head .
this was n't the turnpike , god knew , and no one from the country headed into derry to go shopping this late , but someone would be along sooner or later .
there had been a burst of mean , gossipy country laughter at that .
he had thrown himself a pretty fair country drunk last night , bozeman thought , judging by the sound of the puking he had heard from the back porch around midnight .
good country stock .
nothing but a deserted country road .
it was a fine summer 's day , a fine day for a killing , and if anyone needed killing it was james eric gardener , and so they came , well over five hundred of them in all , good country people who had learned some new tricks .
it was real hick country , not another big town for twenty miles in any direction .
he ought to be back in the old country , drinking olive oil and looking at the pacific . ''
houston goes out to the country club every wednesday afternoon and plays nine holes . '
when you glimpsed him sitting at one of the parasol - equipped tables which surrounded the country club 's outdoor bar , he looked like a younger version of marcus welby , md .
he and his wife had two eerily beautiful children and lived in one of the larger houses on lantern drive they were in walking distance of the country club , a fact of which jenny houston boasted when she was drunk .
not when you see the common from lantern drive and the country club , not when that view is part of what you paid for , along with the private schools which teach computer programming on banks of brand - new apples and trs-80 's , and the relatively clean air , and the quiet at night .
thinner , just that one word , but it was a malediction enough , halleck saw , because everyone in this affluent upper - class - commute - to - the - city - and - have - a - few - drinks - in - the - club - car - on - the - way - home suburb , everyone in this pretty little new england town set squarely in the heart of john cheever country , everyone in fairview was starving to death .
i ' ve got a sony beeper , $ 200,000 worth of diagnostic equipment , and a selection of drugs to call on so wide that ... well , if my computer printed them all out , the sheet would stretch from the front doors of the country club all the way down to the intersection of park lane and lantern drive .
i find i ' ve had a bellyful of andy 's pub , lantern drive , the country club , the whole dirty hypocritical town .
he was a little man with prematurely white hair who carried a country doctor 's bag .
' if all that is country living , william , the rubes can have it , ' he said .
thank god that station was just sitting there by its lonesome on a country road , or i could n't have done it . '
he stopped at a quarter of eight for a huge country breakfast and then could eat almost none of it when he opened the newspaper he had bought in the dispenser out front .
they had spent the night at a nice country inn just west of eugene , had made love not once but twice ( something she was most definitely not too old to enjoy ) , and this morning had headed south , meaning to spend the night in klamath falls .
the face and the taste of a country bumpkin , you would have said , but there was something in the set of the mouth that was too wise , somehow , too dark , and for a moment the hand gripped her shoulder so tightly she could feel the tough pads of callus on the ends of the fingers -- guitar calluses .
the sharp cereal professor dug in , then looked straight into every living room in the country and said .. ' nope , nothing wrong here . '
now joe lowered the tailgate of the country squire , handed brett the two small bags , and took the two large ones for himself .
he was the perfect country man again .
he could have made a decent living doing what new england country people sometimes called ' dog farming ' , but his temper was not good , and he drove many customers away with his sullenness .
they were by no means ' country cars ' ... and this was the real country .
when he reached route 495 , he turned west toward new york and the country that sprawled beyond , all the way to the silent reaches of idaho , the place that papa hemingway had gone to when he was old and mortally hurt .
there came a day during the learning - to - drive experience when you finally had to leave the empty country roads behind and try it in the city .
it was the way country people got along .
after the way of country people , she added : ' no hurry . '
the first thing she would do is find a map and drive the country to see the sights .
it 's on a long stretch of country road that the car dies , and she pulls over and pops the hood to look .
that 's creeper country all the way down to the keys .
you ca n't just wander the country your whole life .
she tells then of wandering lost , of isolating herself from the eyes and hearts of good men , of shutting herself away in abandoned houses and , when she was discovered by the generous of spirit who came to save her , escaping even farther into the evacuated wildernesses of the country .
he longs suddenly for the barren wilderness , the brokedown country roads , the collapsing structures , the wandering dead .
moses todd turns his gaze away from the fray and looks behind him - into those empty mountains and the grey sky , even the misty implication of the wide country beyond .
and it 's also true that she 's likely still out there on the wide , long roads of the country , having claimed her divorcement from moses as just one more gorgeous escape .
a place , indeed , poxed by calamitous treasures like abraham 's blue - roofed pancake houses - gigging itself forward in a frenzy of speed ( yes , this is what moses has n't seen before - the country , not stopped dead , but spinning in such mazy motion the blur might be taken for stasis ) , galloping ahead of life and ahead of death too , and back into life , the two masquerading as each other , unable to keep up , as though time were a circuit rather than a line .
only a sobbing alkie sitting on the cracked , weedy concrete of a country roadhouse parking lot .
one day , along a country highway a mile from my apartment , i came upon a very ragged and lost red female dog ; i at once named her amber .
the country vet doctored hogs , cattle , and horses .
with the knowledge i had obtained from the country vet i knew once the task was finished i would need to jump into a shower .
in a small country town there is very little excitement because not much happens on purpose ; most thing happen by accident .
out in the country near rio rico .
my fathers oldest brother , uncle charles , bought a piece of land in the country a few years back .
they buried him in a country graveyard that overlooks an expanse of tangled brush and protruding rocks for which no one can find any more productive use .
i do nt suppose he accidentally went into the country with a pair of sheep shears and accidentally castrated himself , do you ?
they went down the country road a couple hundred yards to a wide gravel area , where zam pulled to a stop and shut off the car .
perhaps take a nice long stroll together and enjoy the crisp , country air .
with that , the jacklin brothers left the barn and walked hand - in - hand through the marketplace towards the country trail .
jakob had followed the country trail and was now walking along a gravel path towards bentworth castle .
` ` the fresh country air always brings with it unusual whiffs to delight the senses . ''
* * * * jakob raced on his horse along country tracks and over rolling hills until he reached elson forest .
if i went for gas , veronica would be left all alone with the stalled car in the dark on a country road , and i d have to sit on his lap .
i mean yes , were alone on a dark country road , miles from anything .
a car is nt needed for necessary purchases , it is only needed to escape the country life .
here you are sitting alone on a filthy roadside picnic table , right smack in the geographical center of the country and miles from another living human being with only a half pack of zingers and a bottle of water to get you through the night and without even a scrap of toilet paper .
i refused to decide where i belonged so i became a loner who wandered aimlessly around the country wondering how in the hell people kept living those groveling , somebody please give me a job so i can buy more stuff dead - end lives .
before i could answer her look changed to one of i m riding alone in the country with this nut ?
to me it was nt truly flat and it was nt hilly , nor mostly hot nor mostly cold , rural or urban , the natives were neither country bumpkins nor city slickers .
eventually , we went to carltons same old country club , the one he d been a member of for over fifty years .
all i did was take a ride out in the country , and the sheriff came by and told me i no longer resided on his crap list .
are you new in the country ? ''
i believe sir cada and lady bird may want to involve another couple of investors on this one and that they will probably want to meet with you and me at his country club .
wow , said louie feeling very important that he might be invited to sir cada and lady birds country club .
while louie and pearl are sitting enjoying the remainder of their morning tea we can perhaps enlighten you as to what and where exactly sir cada and lady birds country club is .
a considerable distance away in insect terms and out in the country along this line is a railway station where there is a restaurant .
the country club we are talking about has been set up in the ceiling of this railway station , firstly because it is out in the country and you ca nt have a country club without being out in the country , and secondly the restaurant below has a marvellous supply of good things such as red wine , chocolate cake and other goodies .
the country club we are talking about has been set up in the ceiling of this railway station , firstly because it is out in the country and you ca nt have a country club without being out in the country , and secondly the restaurant below has a marvellous supply of good things such as red wine , chocolate cake and other goodies .
the country club we are talking about has been set up in the ceiling of this railway station , firstly because it is out in the country and you ca nt have a country club without being out in the country , and secondly the restaurant below has a marvellous supply of good things such as red wine , chocolate cake and other goodies .
the country club we are talking about has been set up in the ceiling of this railway station , firstly because it is out in the country and you ca nt have a country club without being out in the country , and secondly the restaurant below has a marvellous supply of good things such as red wine , chocolate cake and other goodies .
as with the owners of the cake shop in the village , the owners of the restaurant at the country railway station could nt understand how bits of chocolate cake and other selected items of food disappeared at times .
in the ceiling of the country railway station , the members of the country club had set up really quite marvellous premises , with bars , lounges and meeting rooms .
in the ceiling of the country railway station , the members of the country club had set up really quite marvellous premises , with bars , lounges and meeting rooms .
there was to be a conference over lunch at the country club to discuss the tunnel project and formulate a plan of action .
they are fairly strict about dress at the country club .
they were off to the country club at last .
the station where the country club was located was reached after about half an hour .
he was a very sensitive and loving bee and he felt that he just did nt fit into the scene at the country club .
lulu i just feel so useless , i do nt fit in with the crowd at the country club .
pearl went on to say that there would be a brief meeting at the country club three weeks from today to discuss progress and ensure the stakeholders are happy .
louie and lulu had attended the progress meeting at the country club some time earlier .
pearl had offered the country club but louie and lulu thought that the nest caf might be better .
in fact one tuesday morning , pearl was preening herself and getting ready to join sir cada and lady bird at the country club for lunch .
the country club could accommodate all of the guests if required , but that was too far away .
virgil blue had expanded his operation and it had become somewhat of a nuisance to have visitors to the area accommodated out at the country club , nice as it was .
we could go to the country club if you like and i will shout you a meal ?
lets go to the country club !
the country club it is pearl , when would you like to meet ?
lulu was glad that they were going to the country club .
they were off to the country club .
on arrival at the country club , pearl took louie and lulu to a special table she had booked by the window .
dolly and i are dolly parton fans and we all like country & western music and the blues .
we went to the elvis museum , a country and western stampede show , zip - lining through the mountains , horseback riding , we visited gatlinburg which is the home of ripleys believe it or not , we drove around cades cove to see the pioneers houses and finally we went to dollywood .
from there we headed to nashville , the home of country music .
we then went on to visit the country music hall of fame , the ryman auditorium the original home of the grand ole opry.terry cut a cd in the recording booth there .
he rarely leaves the city , has never left the country .
they re costumed in the clothing of the people from the old country , peasant clothing .
its the good ol country boy , that s trailer country , of course , its ... charles choker !
its the good ol country boy , that s trailer country , of course , its ... charles choker !
during the years they had spent roaming around the country in their van , she had gradually come to terms with the fact that lee was untainted by even the slightest suggestion of ambition .
gear lever and steering wheel like erogenous zones , drunk and stoned , he lost several hours in the country , not recognizing the roads .
it was empty of girls , but two men were sat at the work surface where the kettle lived , drinking tea , one of them a very dark skinned west indian , the other with the straw coloured hair and ruddy complexion of a west country farmer or builder .
you must really enjoy going back in the old country .
mafiaman : i come from old country to this group interview .
lived most of my life in the country .
seeing the sight of the rugged country man he would have been more satisfied if an army of dancing monkeys were performing the investigation .
cross country .
you are the man that has been traveling cross country acting out against animal cruelty !
you only have jurisdiction here in town , and that property is way out in the country .
you know , it is a wild country out there , and i ca nt spend all my time watching over those farms just so i wo nt be blamed for anything that might happen to them .
the unhappy mayor and city council members were forced to listen to the miners for hours , as they complained about how the town needed to get a sheriff who would do his job and protect their property , rather than ride off into the country when he was most needed .
` ` why do n't you do your job instead of riding off into the country ? ''
` ` you want us to be patient while you go joy riding off in the country and we 're losing money ? ! ''
` ` why do n't you take my horse and carriage for a ride in the country ? ''
he and judith mae took buggy rides into the country and went on lots of strolls through the hills , looking for rare flowers or plants .
he had been to the country many years before , but had found that puritans were not much into getting snookered and regaling each other with rousing stories of the night they found old mrs . levy in the washroom with michael merryweathers son todd and the town pig .
we took a vacation across country in a car .
henry had lived a life of privilege growing up and had been educated in all the top private and prep schools money had to offer , which meant he spent much of his childhood out of the country .
from the farm they continued cross - country , avoiding the worst of the ground conditions , a circuitous path across fields sloped and hummocked , under which lay centuries of ploughing .
there he was , riding his bicycle along a country lane , circa 1916 .
why stay here in the hot city when you could be nice and cool out in the country ?
nothing beats fresh country air !
you grew up out in the country , just like i did , and you used to catch frogs and tadpoles .
i d had just about enough of rustic , country living .
have you ever stopped to think that out here in the country , you re the one who s considered a loser ?
i ended up ordering the baked - ham dinner , which the menu described as a thick slice of fresh , country ham , mashed potatoes and corn .
my thick slice of fresh , country ham looked more like a thin slice of dried - up cold cuts .
i can understand the city having crime , but i did nt expect it way out here in the country .
the fresh country air , the sounds of the birds , the clear blue sky !
we rode our bikes all over town and stopped at this golf course at the country club by the river to pick up golf balls out of the pond there .
yeah , he said , right next to the country club .
to the right of the woods was a street that led down to the river and the country club .
dad complained that every time he blinked , a new house seemed to appear next to the camp , and the area was looking more and more like the city than the country .
although i was raised as a devout city slicker , i currently live way out in the country with my husband and two rottweilers , who are my faithful hiking companions .
i love the country but i can do without the mosquitoes and ticks !
once shed again checked her door was properly locked , toni turned off the light , immersing herself in the complete black of the country night .
but if you saw sir gerald in the street , you 'd think he was , i do n't know , a country bank manager . ''
` ` in the blue corner we have the vicious harridan and , in the red corner , the minister for public deception golden oldies for old morons adverts , adverts , adverts oh , brilliant , country and fucking western god , why is it all such crap ? ''
wife of a country doctor commits adultery with a life insurance agent . ''
her body is now covered in tattoos , red , green , blue , green , blue , red , all reflected in the mirrors a thousand times , country cottages , sandy beaches , quaint old shepherds , bouncing away into infinity .
'' so let 's sell it and skip the country , '' says thyme impatiently .
'' farming country .
in that regard it would not be unlike an exclusive country club , and good references would go a long way to securing membership .
i pull your father aside , asking him to show me around the country club .
she lowered herself on the steps of the country club and wrapped her arms around her knees .
its high time i listen to my wife , hang up my hat , and enjoy my last days in the peaceful comfort of our country home .
brad : your number 4 track , pet rattlesnake , is , well , a country song .
lee : a la bob 's country bunkhouse .
pet rattlesnake made the country billboard chart .
finally they turned off the country route onto a gravel road , which went through a mid - sized town that had clearly seen better days .
you sure you 're a country band ?
so are you a country band ?
i did n't think y' all sounded like a country band , but mr . rafel said you was and well , i need people to play for the peach festival .
oh , billy ray was an up and comin ' country singer in these parts some sixty years ago .
y' all probably think that 's nothin ' but a load of country bull , he said with a nervous laugh .
i do n't know anything about country music !
do a web search for country music hits from the ' 50s and ' 60s and get some titles that way .
well , maybe we 'll write a country song if we survive this gig .
what , you think you can play country ?
y' all really are a country band !
so , what brings you way out in the middle of the country ?
he shouted over the deafening country music that pumped from his suvs speakers .
cuddy pulled into the large gravel lot of the country club , a little after nine in the morning , parked , and dropped from the escalade onto the gravel below .
he d spent his formative years at his familys country club in glencoe and spanked the ball equidistant to shap .
momma must be lonely in pittsburgh now that the rest of the family have left home and scattered around the country .
she neither asked for nor ever wanted to be country coordinator of liberia for her aid organisation .
on the plane to heathrow , he opened the country file in front of him .
up country on donkeys , if needs be .
the clacking of the train vanished and an uneasy serenity returned to the remote country trail .
beautiful country , lovely community , great people . ''
in the present calamitous circumstance unfolding in the bahia de acapulco , i stared down my greatest phobia : the irrational dread of being rammed by a mammoth sea vessel , forced helplessly into unwanted contact with its cold hull [ complete with resident jellyfish , starfish , seaweed and sea spiders ] , and vacuumed against my will beneath the metallic monstrosity where spinning propellers -- their fins the size of country barn doors -- rotated systemically , yearning to pulverize me into a mangled mash of unidentifiable flesh and bone .
the impact was reminiscent of the preseason drills i spent working with the oakland raiders defensive line while touring the country on my mind over what does it matter ?
` ` over here , my cowboy country friend . ''
athletic and handsome , he was oft mistaken for an irish country lad by those unaware his roots were sown and grown on the mean streets of yakima , washington .
you want memberships in our country clubs and seats on the airlines we fly , all the while dressed in the same brand of sweaters and chinos we wear .
the foreman drew him a map , he ran to the car park , leapt into his car and hurled it furiously along country lanes , arriving at the scrapyard , red faced , flustered and with smoking tyres .
not quite the city , not quite the country , but somewhere in the middle .
you ve been out of the country .
at first , as an infant , he made a rough separation of accents and they appeared like dots on his mental map , resembling nothing more than a random distribution of spot heights scattered mainly over ireland , the north country and belgium .
barrack room impressionists might ridicule their country cousins with the sort of all - purpose rural accent that you might hear nowadays in a radio four afternoon play , but con was capable of such precision that he could tell his herefordshire from his worcestershire , his merioneth from his montgomery and his bucks from his berks .
the road surface may have been tarmacked since borrows time but the thoroughfare was still no more than a steep - sided country lane .
that was , providing there was no unexpected hold - up on the narrow country lane which served as the main arterial route through the mountains , along which we had already travelled on our way into the region .
so why had nt he been able to master this latinate country cousin of castilian ?
this was a philistine place : a product of a poor economy that had disastrously realised the potential of cheap reinforced concrete , its proliferation uninhibited by any suggestion of town and country planning .
when we staggered down to a late breakfast dad had obviously been contemplating the distance back to the french border for he said that it had occurred to him that we might break the journey by having a stopover in the basque country .
however great might be cunqueiros talent for describing the arcane and quirky ways of our country cousins in galicia , in the basque country he will never be known as anything other than one of francos paid fantasists , employed during the civil war to peddle deleterious propaganda against our alien race .
when they finally got through bristol , the weather on the way down to the west country was sunny .
why do nt you stay here until next friday instead of hoofing up and down the country yet again ?
her first book was the country girls .
he had alighted absolutely , the man about town , out of town , and yet with something of the country about him .
being very much a front - and - centre kind of a person , he had chosen to dine at the kendrick table named after arthur kendrick sr , a transatlantic resident ( now deceased ) which lay in the middle of the room facing the main entrance , and one which might easily have played host to a floral display in the front hall of a country house , or indeed dignified an open coffin at a wake had it not been seconded into the dining business some years before .
they walked out into the yard and together strolled into the open grounds of hillbrew farm in surrey , which served as councillor carpets country seat .
even out in the country .
after ten minutes he slowed down and took an exit onto a country highway .
the mullin mansion was out in the country beyond the borders of suburbia and it took nearly an hour to navigate back to the city .
a voluptuous spanish woman in her mid forties , dressed in a country and western outfit with a frilly blouse more suited for a barn dance argued out loud to her partner back home , wherever that was , while her lover sat opposite her , hair slicked back , also in cowboy gear .
seven of the eight miniatures depicted various country scenes , buildings , monuments , faces and symbols , but the eighth miniature was different .
we have a whopping five radio stations : rockin good time oldies ( self explanatory ) ; sparkles & spurs , which plays country ( do nt get me started ) ; there s a classical station ( no idea of the name of that one ) ; andromeda is the modern rock station ( my fav ) ; and lest we forget , dimensions plays easy listening / smooth jazz / new age / any other music that does nt rev anybodys monkey .
( 12 ) country music .
( 17 ) did i say country music ?
she had said , son , i m off to see the country from behind the wheel of a truck .
his life had ended instantly on collision with a tree by the side of a country road .
actually , it was sometime around 2:30 p.m. when my day exited the realm of country song bad and entered the neighboring territory of aunt ethels annual christmas letter bad .
like all good country songs , it started with a cheatin fool .
as country songs do , the tragedy of the day unfolded in a careful , steady rhythm as i methodically worked my way through a mental checklist of all that had happened : no conditioner leading to crazy , puffy , nest - like hair : check broken heel of new shoes on sewer grate : check train station closed for unscheduled construction : check lost contact after being knocked in the shoulder as crowd hustled out of elevator : check spilled coffee on best , and most favorite white button - down shirt : guess i can cross that off my bucket list .
as the winter sunshine once more got the better of the clouds above their heads , the tyres of the camper van scrunched slowly over the gravel track , before the wheels finally welcomed the smoothness of the road before them once again their vehicle finds itself tootling along on an almost deserted country road , which inspires matson to drive even slower than is necessary , thus enabling the reverend to delve further into his box of fond memories as he takes in the splendour of the scenery unfolding before him .
his face was glowing like a december fire in a country pub , and he had nowhere to go .
in high school , he ran totes on anything his classmates were prepared to bet on , from who was going to win the cross country to who would be the first to make peabrain ( mr peabody the maths teacher ) , swear in class .
hey , you from the old country too , lady ?
thankfully , it was nt a mansion , just a rather nice country cottage of comfortable dimensions .
you ca nt take a seat anywhere in boulderer country without risking the sudden arrival of someone from above you ve got to move quick .
he s going to take it out to the country tomorrow and let it go .
i came home from my cross country driving route a day early to surprise my ex - wife for our fifth wedding anniversary .
we put my favorite cd into the disk player , which was probably worth more than the car itself , and listened to billy joels glass houses for the better part of the afternoon while we drove all through eaton rapids , into lansing , and out along mile after mile of beautiful country roads .
once upon a time , on a tuesday , hydrogen decided to quit its day job and become a country music star .
i have decided to quit my day job and become a country music star , said hydrogen .
i think we are the only house in the country with bespoke furry doorframes .
the tinny sound of an ancient country song drifted out of the jukebox and the yeasty smell of beer mixed with hot peppers wafted through the place .
in the midst of the twangy strums of country music and the ceramic clicking of pool balls , another customer sidestepped the old dog and joined the small party .
h while he conducted a cultural exchange with the boys from the low country , the other two nitwits went looking for food .
if gwenny told him to cross country ski from saint petersburg to the north pole , he d do it .
along the way we passed a country store , still operating , with a collection of wrecked cars and tractors behind it and a bunch of old harnesses hanging on the porch .
i am going to be home a little sooner than expected because mommy has to go to the seaside country club .
cut to : int : seaside country club .
insert : banner welcome to seaside country club .
because , the lock on the drum was picked open with a limited edition , commemorative seaside country club leaders brooch .
bistro jeanty in yountville , the heart of napa valley , is a tiny little bistro , true in every way to the traditional country bistros in france .
this included thomas kellers world famous french laundry and others , such as kellers city bistro , bouchon ; jeantys country bistro , bistro jeanty ; the valleys old italian standby , piattis ; and on the towns perimeter , mustards , which was the first truly great restaurant in napa valley .
and we talked about my life in napa and the pros and cons of living in wine country .
inspired by a french provincial home that bill loved in shaker heights , ohio , the town he grew up in , it had to be at least eight thousand square feet of tasteful country luxe dcor , perched on a hill with a southern view that ran fifty miles over the valley to san francisco bay .
he wanted to express his feelings about workers , those at a country site , and those at a city site .
years ago , when i was fresh out of high school , i began fulfilling my dreams and made my way to the big sky country .
willie was exactly the big sky country friend i needed , although i did n't know it at the time .
having grown up locally , he knew the country and , what 's more , he knew lots of girls , which was another crucial part of the education .
easy , well just go out and find one after it gets cold and snows in the high country .
therefore , my first hunting camp , if you want to call it that , was willie 's family 's home in the heart of hunting country .
( note : cruising through the backcountry on old logging trails was a common practice when i first went to the big sky country .
the next morning , basketti and i , somewhat bleary - eyed and worse for wear , had driven on up to hunting camp munching on goodies from the traditional breakfast pit stop at the tiny country store .
stonewall does n't have a restaurant for breakfast , so we hit the tiny country store for gasoline , cakes , cookies , candy , chocolate milk , coke , coffee , and potato and corn chips .
after eating this hearty , country breakfast , we headed toward camp .
but it was a ' big deal ' to me and , of course , the young , innocent , country bumpkin out - of - stater , jumped at the chance , not really knowing the ramifications of his innocent enthusiasm .
according to the headline ( also in bright yellow ) next to the blondes head , more information could be found starting on page thirty - four under the story , french country lesbo chefs cook up something hot !
the roads were to be built by the state roads of tarmac forming endless gray lines webbing the state , linking town to town , county seat to country city , center of industry ( such as they were ) to center of industry .
well then drive on in the night , country boy , she said , leaning back .
his grandfather said that this is what happened when country folks moved to the city .
he did not want them to know he was a country boy .
when my girl got out she slapped me on the back and told me , thanks for showing a country gal a good time !
the men began racing out the door and the proprietor though for two seconds about putting shepherd in his sites until he saw the country boy casually level the barrel at him and gesture that he leave through the door as well .
the day of the funeral we got in his car and drove out to the country across the quiet clean roads shepherd 's roads .
why do n't you take two weeks off and we can see the country on these highways that you build ?
probably had too much sushi at the fucking country club .
the band was doing country roads now .
the band was doing country roads for the fourth time gordy could remember .
i ve got stations ranging from 80s music to hits of today , from ozzie osborn to justin timberlake and everything from country to reggae .
i m from the city , and people out in the country are very different .
he d never been out of the country .
jinny attempted to assuage her pain by telling her they d be friends again when monique and george went back to the old country , but it did nt work very well .
she takes something valuable from him , leaves the country , and starts a new life here in charleston .
i meant our home is there , at our house , in the country , in pennsylvania .
perhaps i should move to the country , too ?
the items now graced those houses , and gave the owners a feeling of having their russian culture right here in the low country of charleston .
those guys run around the country all the time , doing stuff , which i know is dull sometimes , but also exciting some times .
i am through in la , and i came here for a few days to go to the wine country and drink the sparkling wines you make here .
do you like living in the country ?
woody allen said he does nt like going to the country because there s nowhere to take a walk after dinner .
so he headed for brevard , found the furniture factory , made some discreet inquiries , and got the name of a craftsman who lived way out in the country .
that assessment changed dramatically when jacques mentioned to deneuve that roger was coming for a visit , and when she requested to meet roger and accompany him on his wine country tour .
this little tour of the wine country , with the man who saved the boys life , was a joy .
with the letter in his briefcase , stephan headed back to paris , having tales to tell about this trip through the wine country .
second , he could get into the country , to saint petersburg , and could operate there .
this seemed to solve part of the problem of getting the stuff out of the warehouses and out of the hermitage compound , but what about getting it out of the country and to charleston .
others do their best thinking and feeling while walking country roads or teeming city streets .
he told her that anyone who could get eight giant crates full of heritage artifacts out of the country and to the city of charleston , usa , could get two little bodies out of the country and to the city of charleston , usa .
he told her that anyone who could get eight giant crates full of heritage artifacts out of the country and to the city of charleston , usa , could get two little bodies out of the country and to the city of charleston , usa .
chapter 32 : out of the country plourivas nerves were about shot .
catherine and i and roger shared a connection , and because of that , catherine came with us on our tour of the wine country .
gwen asked , you know someone who will not blab this around town which immediately thereafter would find it way around the country , and possibly back to the hermitage ?
before we came to saint petersburg , roger and jinny and i spent two weeks in paris and the french wine country of burgundy and bordeaux .
we became friends very quickly , and she decided to come with us during our tour of the wine country .
he writes a popular news column called life 's outtakes , which consists of weekly short stories and is published in various newspapers and magazines in the u.s . and canada including country , horizons , and family living .
we 're going cross country in a soccer - mom van ? ! ''
you want to drive cross country in a rape van ?
he had stolen the drugs in a moment of lucidity and he had talked his friends into driving him across country .
it 's does n't , not do n't , ya dumb country bumpkin ! ''
london went so far as to apply for welfare , even though he was living rent free in a house in bakersfield country club , ( the house belonged to his parents , so even its assets could n't be touched , also , not to mention all his credit cards had been frozen , his car , too was also off limits , as it technically was just a loner from his parents ) .
his next stop was country club liquors , just up the hill from his house .
i arrived in providence rested and refreshed from my cross country jaunt that included a stop in detroit .
my other brother in law , the victim of a number of drive by dinners from meleft the country .
we rolled past the denver country club and drove all the way to cherry creek shopping center .
but i think you ve got the makings of a small epic there , or at least a country song .
this was against the law , but we were in the high country , and as burt reynolds yells in deliverance , what law !
as well she might be , he realized , considering what the two of them did for a living , and why she was in the country .
` ` the man had no diplomatic credentials , and on occasion has been likened to a country bumpkin .
` ` of course , the beautiful thing about all this is that our ambassador is n't nearly the country cousin he 's made out to be .
but unless you ' ve really changed something , i think i 'll just go for a nice quiet drive in the country , enjoying the rare sunshine .
` ` have you seen the country just west of here ?
that meant my last hope was this unusual offer from an even stranger man to drive out to his place far in the country to see about the unknown job .
i shook my head ; i knew the city much better than the country .
brad got up and saw he was in an outhouse , now with a huge hole in the wall , in some country backyard .
many black women will be into one - night stands because they are curious about white sexual prowess and they would never dream of taking you home to their parents , since you probably do nt have a criminal record or fatherless children running around the country .
he looked to the farthest end of the horizon and saw flat country and the dark starless shapes of small hills .
` ` its the way good country people welcome people home .
` ` well ernest , to understand the concept you must first accept the premise that , for every type or character in town , there is a broader and wilder version of the same in the country , and they are there rather than here precisely for the reason that they can not abide even the most basic rules of civility .
they followed the lane past the last house and then through open grassy country and wide vacant fields with scattered wildflowers .
i wandered out to the country , to the proximity of an older , wealthy farmer who , in a jovial banter , had once said he could always use a new , strong hand like me .
i got up and walked out into the country .
he intended to walk out to the country , to the solitude of a creek on a back portion of his land , to pick a site for a new house that he intended to ask atalanta to help build with him .
all was were quiet for several minutes , and white could feel the country roads rise up and curl and swerve away beneath them .
she was a willful girl from these parts who took to thinking she liked the town better than the country , but when she turned up pregnant and the big men would have nothing to do with her , some of us folks up here took her back in .
otto drove out into the country and soon arrived at the smoldering ruin .
he drove north toward the country he knew and grew up in .
he angled off the road and dove through the open country in the direction of the plume .
so i like france the country .
what celeste was looking for was a country club reception , only we did nt have the means or the will to meet her lofty standards .
as customers began to arrive to the outing , celeste told me to carry their golf bags to their designated golf carts ; once again , something that country clubs do , not public courses , but there was no use arguing with her .
i pass no cars as i continue through farm country .
he stopped to admire the scooter riders poise , and mused that she must have been riding it in a very hot country , for she had neglected leathers in favour of shorts and a t - shirt , which presumably she 'd borrowed from her much younger and smaller sister .
in the streets , ex - townies who had ' found ' country living , plied their trade .
he was too busy looking out for country bumpkins who expected people like him to slow down .
she wondered at the museum - like exhibits , and decided there really ought to be a film about an english country pub .
17 , winding through the swamplands of the low country , no one is sight , i 'd a bin highballing it , i checked the speedo which said 60 .
a poem i wrote for history class was praised by my teacher and i often spent sundays in the country , painting scenery in oil paints .
why could n't he pack up and head for the country , the clear mountain air , the blue skies and babbling brooks , the song of birds and the aroma of wild flowers at his doorstep .
we talked a lot about life and country living and places to spend vacations and wines and food .
he was joking , of course , but it did look like it had been dragged across a country road .
my house is in the country , on the east coast , and my antenna array is very large and on a hillas it needs to be .
they would require weeks of recuperation , so i bought several dozen acres of land in the country and built an apartment complex : angelo 's recovery sanctuary .
he is , but he s packing mattresses and the like with high grade coke , and sending them off through the country .
her parents , to avoid a scandal , had rushed her off to a private country clinic somewhere near childers for the confinement .
gladys had a fresh , country - girl smell -- a bouquet made up of the scent of cayman stables , ivory soap , and of honesty , truth , integrity and purity .
south african element as we bounce from country to country in pursuit of bosons puzzle pieces in the cold laser transducer sweepstakes , it may seem strange to the reader that a johannesburg university library and head librarian would come into play .
south african element as we bounce from country to country in pursuit of bosons puzzle pieces in the cold laser transducer sweepstakes , it may seem strange to the reader that a johannesburg university library and head librarian would come into play .
it 's got country french decor , light wicker tables scattered about , with fresh flowers on each , and linen canopies shading the patrons , whose eyes are shaded by guccis , ray - bans and persols .
think of home , country , baseball games , shining faces , norman duckwell , the approval of upstanding citizens , happy children torturing each other in sand boxes .
the pictures showed an enormous gap in toronto 's defenses , where highway 400 ran north to cottage country .
the column of hats tilted back and forth ; there was a sudden flash of light , and a palatial country house appeared , complete with gardeners , trees , flowers , assorted bees and wasps , a scene painter , and a hay wagon . ''
meanwhile , in another part of the forest , charlemagne and alaric , together at last , were taking the cottage country express straight to toronto , which they planned on invading .
the clarksville motel was located on the outskirts of their little suburban domain , five minutes into the green solitude of the country .
` ` it 's not cozy and inviting , like a country garden . ''
` ` country gardens are vulnerable to airborne assault , '' said merlin .
a country singer or two , or one of the osmonds at a push .
girls facing boys , just like in country dancing lessons when i was a child .
he walked from the station and breathed in a deep lungful of clean country air .
they crossed the quiet country road and headed toward a dense wall of nature .
the solitary building seemingly maintained and still functional belonged , for evident reasons , to the country fire service .
from her back pocket , deb unfolded a faded snapshot of the four members of cinnamon sweat taken during the 1975 tour of south australia , with each walking along a deserted country road in a similar manner .
my mother also wanted to protect robert , so she helped him settle in a small country town .
for all her homely blossoming beauty and her simple country charms , her left eye always went a little awry , and even more so when she ate or drank a hot drink .
a nice job with a good pension , six bottles of liquid fertilizer a day , a house in the country , true love ... . '' ` ` do n't change the subject , bagless .
ride a motorcycle across the country kiss a girl in the rain run a marathon learn spanish have sex with a woman !
number two : ride a motorcycle across the country , she read .
ride a motorcycle across the country .
evan was driving down a country road .
for all the hours of driving it was amazing how little of the country he d covered .
especially if he kept taking these country roads .
this road was more like a country lane with no streetlights and little in the way of lit homes .
on impulse , he said , my local sources tell me that the country grill serves the best food in town .
at the country grill at seven .
as the only doctor in town shed pretty much know everybody in the country grill anyway .
sometimes being a country doctor sucked .
sounds great when you re dreaming of finding small , quaint towns on winding country roads .
and now you re driving across the country on a motorcycle .
i m in caitlyn sorensons book club and i saw you in the country grill last night .
he looked like a country doctor .
chapter twelve they meandered down the country roads and he thought how nice it was not to be in a hurry .
so you decided to be a country doctor ?
trauma surgeon in new york is so much more acceptable than country gp .
shed also slipped in clean underwear because something about a drive in the country had suggested to her right away that evan had more in mind than traipsing through a maze of corn .
he felt like an evening at the country grill , but he did nt want to eat alone .
or there was the country grill where a man who had no woman and sported a few bruises where his manly pride used to be might belly up to the bar and enjoy a quiet drink and a burger .
he parked in the lot of the country grill and made sure to leave the windows open for his constant canine companion .
the door opened heralding new arrivals into the country grill .
he paused , stopped dead right in the middle of the country grill parking lot , as it hit him .
deans car was a ford country squire of 1977 vintage , a maroon station wagon with peeling wood stickers on all sides that should have been considered more of a land barge or tugboat with wheels than a normal vehicle , but dean had the keys .
dean took the country roads too fast .
promise me i do nt have to drive across the country again , that s all .
* * * not surprising then that the bnp gained in popularity , a bit of an eyebrow - raiser that they captured a majority of council seats in the country , and an astonishing result that they succeeded in both redwood paddock and hells hill .
i ' m not sure i ' m ready to meet the modern editions who will show up en masse at the one country club in my hometown .
his wife was the church pianist , a young associate pastor was the organist , a family of country singers played guitars and yours truly became- the accordionist .
twenty some odd years later i find myself being asked to play the organ for a small country methodist church in alabama .
` ` if i ca n't make a go of market gardening , or holly really ca n't stand country life , we 'll be back . ''
now , with time and country quiet , perhaps i could polish the short mystery stories i 'd been scribbling for years .
where was all the country peace and quiet i 'd been told so much about ?
` ` country life must agree with you . ''
` ` i thought country living was supposed to be peaceful and serene . ''
anyway , i enjoyed driving and i had n't seen the north country for a long time .
` ` but christopher hussey tells us in the picturesque that bazooms are like english country gardens , '' said plum .
following that , we rewarded ourselves with a power walk in the invigorating country night air .
this meant he was banned from the country club and some of the snootier halflings would blow their noses as they passed him on the street .
nonetheless , he considered himself a refined country gentleman and continued to spread this opinion around .
while jon flies north and fights the king of the wights to a standstill , daenerys marries ser jorah and settles down for a quiet life in the country .
he sarcastically announces that he would rather be a goatherd in the country than a king , so daenerys narrows her eyes and invites him to stay .
ralph tells me he owns his home in the country club and is a supervisor .
i do n't have to tell you what living in the country club will be like and being the wife of a high level supervisor , ralph chortled .
we ' ve bought a new home in the country club , close to ralph .
of course , its not like owning my country club palace , but at least you do nt have to make any more payments .
imaginary introduction the discreputably fetching charms of gabriella / gabriello ` ` beau hooter '' sancto , whom ebony magazine loved : ` ` my disenchantingly non - aquiline nose emanates from the central hill country of south ( in autumn ) carolina , which is deep - most emerald green , dankly lush , and rapturously beautiful in huggable feels .
he 's signed on for the next two weeks , digging potatoes out in the unplanned country surrounding unionville .
no , it 's more of a saturday night slowly drawn , bubbling with crowd laughter , a band or music canned humming in the background while you and yours self - sedate ? last week they proffered herman and the mell - tones at 'em , next week they 'll play all - day only country mucous on station wims .
mabel 's life was that of a highly literate ( and relatively cosmetically appropriate ) middle - aged woman who ` ` happened to be crowd - avoidant enough '' to take up bartending in a small town , primarily because her husband bill and her life ` ` tended towards a country setting . ''
her jumps were seldom spectacular , but on warm days she wore a country gingham - checked medium - length skirt with three petticoats , from their dance class , that blossomed fantastically each time she 'd deserted her seat , reminding the customer cum audience of a mushroom with scalloped edges billowing out in all directions .
fatty 's place of business was well known by the range boys who wanted to clean up after a long dusty ride , before a date with a sweet little country girl .
the most popular event in country life was a good old country hoe - down in the school house or an empty hayloft .
the most popular event in country life was a good old country hoe - down in the school house or an empty hayloft .
very very quiet little neighborhood , in some beautiful backwoods country .
if'n ah stop drankin ' ah could write sheet music , make moneh , and set a few radio an ' tv words to tunes make dough t'buy a house inna country fer me and caza and her people have 'em ovah fer coffee an ' moo - vies , burn incense , eat lutefisk on a rainy day , moom ovah miami , come hell of high water .
he sat , nursing a whisky sour , muttering to himself in a voice that echoed with the haunting sentiments of country music .
they were white ones generally , busily blowing tobacco wafts as they kibboitzed , dressed as country hicks in blue jeans , workers .
you ca n't trust these country kids . ''
jonquil jabot , dealer in objets d'art , hippy and wooden cat lover , is a former teacher of natural history and biogeology who exchanged a lectureship and a large detached house in a pleasant leafy suburban avenue for a dingy caravan surrounded by mud on a commune in the country .
the officer was trying to look everywhere but at her cleavage for he was a decent country boy at heart .
i accompanied her to the juke box and she selected a slow country song .
our hurried escape from eddie took us to the low country of south carolina for a few days .
return to table of contents rocking at the store i tapped the brakes to slow down and turned left into the driveway of the country store .
the building was lit up with fluorescent and neon lights and even a blind man could see it for a country mile .
` ` well , at least play a couple of country songs , '' said mr . lester .
the white folks spoke with a country twang and the blacks with a kind of slurred speech .
the white folks favored country music and the black folk liked what they called ' blues ' music .
myself , i favored the blues but i did like some country music and of course rock and roll .
most of our songs , rock , country and blues , sounded alike and for the most part were in the same key .
we mounted the stage and played a couple of country songs to satisfy the old timers in the store .
i ' ve thought about that night many a time over the years and i ' ve often wondered if a country boy with an oversized gluteus maximus and an ungrounded microphone and a mad black woman with a pistol had any influence on rock and roll .
return to table of contents cross country ` ` florence radio , cessna 17 bravo clear runway 27 , '' i said into the mike .
` ` well sherm , '' said robert , ` ` it looks like you are ready to take your long cross country flight on your own .
we had just returned from a dual cross country from florence to wilmington and back .
i soloed at ten hours and then we started working on cross country flights .
the requirements for the private license included two dual and two solo short cross country flights .
we walked into the fixed base operations ( fbo ) office and scheduled my solo cross country for the following thursday .
but , i thought , i had 32 hours now and had successfully made my two required solo short cross country flights .
you ' ve been flying it for the past eight months and have made five cross country flights in it .
you know i would n't be sending you off on a long cross country if i did n't think that . ''
i wondered if this would cause me to flunk my cross country flight .
` ` i need you to sign my logbook for my cross country , '' i said to the attendant .
` ` well , i got a little off track a couple of times and had to piss real bad , but other than that it was ok . '' back in the fbo , robert signed off on my long cross country flight .
she had a picnic basket full of fried chicken , country ham biscuits , potato salad , snap peas , and coconut cake .
though she really did n't quite get it , margie having been raised a country girl where the word shoot had a direct connection to guns , not survey questions .
a point which elvis got with the immediacy of the lightning bolt that struck a golf foursome on the 7th green at tucson 's valle dos ricos country club golf course and forthwith opened up three and possibly four memberships to hopeful valle dos ricos country club applicants .
a point which elvis got with the immediacy of the lightning bolt that struck a golf foursome on the 7th green at tucson 's valle dos ricos country club golf course and forthwith opened up three and possibly four memberships to hopeful valle dos ricos country club applicants .
what the fuck do you think this is , some jerk off back room deal at the country club ?
i am senior inspector elvis t. mahoney and a long time feminist fellow traveler , coming as i do from downtrodden country people of both genders . ''
the local paramount one , albeit mostly unspoken , was that port director zamora was on the board of directors of the local chamber of commerce , schmoozed with them every wednesday evening at the santa cruz valley country club , and was therefore amenable to the chamber 's desire to have traffic flow efficiently so as not to discourage the mexicans from coming over to the u.s . side to do their shopping .
this same pastor had recently been caught trying to sneak a mexican woman into the country as a passenger in his aging but still somewhat spiffy kia sportage .
elvis and fenwick were hiking under the cottonwoods along the santa cruz river in the back country where the river still flowed , most of the santa cruz long gone from tucson 's developers over pumping of the aquifer that fed the river .
` ` we live in the country .
well , as the country song wildwood weed lamented , all good things got to come to an end .
he often bragged to his wealthy friends at the exclusive rincon country club in tucson about how he 'd smuggled the watch under the very noses of the customs officers without paying duty .
he confided to his country club clique of golfing , drinking and recreational drug use buddies .
damn near as much as his financial industry golfing buddies at the exclusive rincon country club and the high dollar law firm , barnwickle , flick & chernobyl , he used to shelter his income .
and into his mind popped the face of his grandpa festus mahoney back when elvis was a kid relating to him the oral family history of the family 's life in the old hardscrabble antebellum days in the mason dixon line border country teetering precariously between north and south .
and iraq vet elvis had not the tiniest lingering shadow of a miniscule doubt that mr . escalade had never set foot in iraq or afghanistan and had never so much as worn a military uniform for a single day , with the possible exception of a costume party at the local high dollar country club .
besides , he was in a hurry to get home and get over to the rincon country club in time for his wednesday night poker game with tucson 's movers and shakers .
there are westerners who ride the snake too , but i confined myself to country roads .
they wanted husbands with high paying jobs that took them out of province , out of state , out of country .
nobody at four corners minimum security prison and country club 60 .
had added and country club to the prison name , they revoked all inmate privileges and starting serving spam !
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ chapter 42 : the tale of the book on the first saturday night of every month , the rock - breakers at the four corners minimum security prison and country club put on a talent show .
the curtains were a red and white checked pattern , yet another clich to add to his home life , and on the wall was a framed watercolour of a duck in a raincoat walking down an english country lane carrying some bags of shopping .
i make it a happy one , giving him a wife and triplets as well as a nice house in the country .
j.p . did funny country gangster perp walk .
chapter 45 sligo did a trip to the old country and comes back from ireland flush .
ichabod grobnick grew up in pittsburgh steeler country and thought he would be a quarterback , a joe namath , a joe montana , a ben roethlisberger .
during the ceremony , a medley of patriotic country music songs reminded us of the important war effort , reminded us of justice yet to be delivered in the form of daisycutter bombs .
a country singer crooned ` ` where the stars and stripes and the eagle flies . ''
if this were only the old country , he says with his smile , if this were only then , i d show you .
whine country , indeed .
these old country people make sharp wines and have bowed legs and large hands that look like misshapen tools .
a tucked - in , tight as a drum country , a no - nonsensical , lulling land .
what do they do back in the old country ?
he s just kind of a simple soul from the country .
down at the country store , jed said , shaking his head .
is that the guy that lives at the hoity - toity , big shot country club he s always bragging about ?
using a dumb , country accent , she said , i m driving this here car to l.a . for a friend , and i ca nt find the gas filler thingy .
john , look for a country store , a little market or something .
okay , there s the big trees coming up , there s a country store .
apparently that big - shot country club demanded his resignation immediately .
no such luck occurs and i am here for the duration it seems so i lit another cigarette and take in the fresh country air that suddenly makes me want to honk .
this becomes blatantly apparent when he makes a feeble excuse of them being out of the country whilst failing miserably to elaborate on it ( and i do like a bit of family gossip if it is on offer but in this case , it plainly was not ) .
perhaps , i should not have had it resting on the steering wheel but how else will i circumnavigate these wild and winding country roads all by myself .
believe me , when you have seen one country potholed road surrounded by the same hedgerows and endless rows of green trees , well you have seen them all .
i tried to concentrate on wine labels , but i still could nt fathom that jayla was even in the country .
we fled from country to country , eventually ending up in london .
we fled from country to country , eventually ending up in london .
in his twenties patrick had played guitar , traveled the country .
the police found sly the next day , his body slumped over his steering wheel , his rental car on a side road two miles from the country mansion where he had gone to meet his prospective client .
he girl who had once refused to clean floors at a bakery was now a senior director at an arts foundation and with her blackberry clicking away , she continued to manage her workweek even as the two drove in the dark mercedes out to forest country .
week 1 after years of working in the dusty westlands of factory country china , the former english - major tusk spends a few weeks in seoul : as soon as tusk walked into the basement lobby of the graduate dorm , he knew something was up .
having covered much of the events of this year 's crowd , it is now appropos to dive into personality analysis , which begins at rockstar 's east of tokyo country roots and goes to tusk 's rapidfire commentary about keio 's clear cool - ness advantage over the stiff todaists finally to end up somewhere along ritsuko-2 's wearing of a cartoon - scribbled sweatshirt .
questioned during a practice session , do you like the country or the city better , rockstar replied country ; and mountains for the mountain vacation / sea vacation standard vacation - preference question .
questioned during a practice session , do you like the country or the city better , rockstar replied country ; and mountains for the mountain vacation / sea vacation standard vacation - preference question .
yet it would be far longer lived ; now he started to drive back and forth across the country , living the on the road life if not achieving immortal success .
the road is narrow and winding , and this little lady does nt seem to care for our country roads .
doug had noted the assumed english accent for effect , the posture of the english country gentleman .
a village country house that house was very interesting : it was quite substantial , made of stone , with two stories .
we are thus laying on that bed , side by side , the door of the room wide open , this july afternoon , in the country house close to the yonne river that my mother had rented for the summer .
did nt you tell me your parents were out in the country , and that your house is empty except for you ?
after a pleasant short stay in this rolling hills country , i took my farewell , promising to return soon .
he likes country life .
villas and cottages and the country ?
deep into the heart of the world it stretched , winding like a stream - with a current like a stream , weak or strong , a human flow dependant on factors not necessarily related to the seasons , linked rather to questions jerian was unable to verbally pose , the answers scattered across country , there to be harvested and graded , fruits and berries and fat round worms the man himself was called upon to pluck and gauge .
they rose with the moon and the quiet tide , secured the headland before daybreak , assembled like green - blue blades of grass on a sandy plain , the tree country beyond awakening to steel and blood , its brown earth reddened before nightfall , when the beacon fires cast silent fists at the stars and the dead were newly tall ... their scales were hammered and their horses decorated , not one less than twenty hands .
jerian pursued her stubbornly , moving in near blackness about the slick wall , sliding deeper , unable now to clamber out , fear and panic discovering fertile soil in the confusion he felt , the light of day , the freshness of the country above lost to him as he slipped helplessly towards the hollow 's rocky centre .
the country hereabouts was much different to that higher up the valley .
animals scattered , but the air was consumed in their lungs and they died without a scream as the hot wave advanced cross - country like an invading army , a maddened horde whose sole aim was to reduce everything to a colourless sand , to lay waste forest and pasture and raze every construct of man , to scour the land with a cruelty that was savage in its momentum , to push before it he who was fool enough to question the ravening of the dead , those sublunaries to whom he was champion , an unwilling advocate , a soul compelled to wander , he who had failed them even as he failed them now , the heat at his back scorching , the many tongues of a molten lash .
he drove out of the dealership onto route 1 , going about a mile before he turned into a country road .
it was a cloudy , humid july day , and the open windows of his car made it difficult to hear the country station on the radio .
after the city streets she passed through an industrial zone with factories and warehouses , followed by an urban sprawl zone of middle - class houses for a few more miles , and then it was open country with dairy farms bounded by thick pine forest and rolling hills .
when she got to the open country she stopped brooding , and the excitement and joy she felt every night as she made her way to lowell and home possessed her .
once out on the country roads , however , things got worse instead of better .
there were fewer cars in the country , but that was scarier .
the edgecomb house was in a neighborhood that forty years ago , just as the town entered into a prolonged growth spurt , was a country road on the outskirts of town .
at first the lights from the homes of country folk and the dairy farms suggesting a cheerful and cozy homeyness comforted him , but when no cars passed and they drove through stretches of thick pine forest he marveled at how dark the world was outside of the city , an effect that was even more emphatic when the quarter moon was hidden behind fast - moving clouds .
he tried to interest abel in telling him more stories from scotland , but abel was done now with the stories , all of them , so charles instead told abel stories , reminding him of the old country and old people and searching his own memory for what his father had told him over the years .
they played some country music together , and then each played a solo that she made up on the spot , or a bit of some fancy classical piece that they had learned in the orchestra .
he might have made friends of these country people , so easy to please and impress , but he was a freak , so they never really looked into his eyes , too embarrassed that they had looked at him with curiosity , maybe even horror .
many of them still owned their land and would leave their jobs at 5 oclock , only to drive out to the country and harvest their hay in the long summer evenings .
though the church was not far , just on the outskirts of town on the other side , they drove , thinking maybe they d drive around the country a little bit afterward , maybe even drive out to the cemetery and look for their parents and grandparents headstones .
# the ride into the country was in some ways an enjoyable change of scenery .
saying goodbye troubles cured you salty as a country ham , smoky to the taste , thick skinned and tender inside but nobody could take nourishment ... marge piercy the first year i was here , i walked out on this field and it was like blacktop .
then went out over by sabin to that country dealer out there .
and i then i thought of antiques , satin glass maybe , and hand - wrought country furniture and her .
he liked the country .
his city lip had softened here in their presence , and at times he acquired a country lilt .
buck had some cutting horse in him whereas goober was just goober , a good quiet horse , good for guests and country cousins , recently entitled , out from the city .
we are alive in the flow of life , my boy , my country cousinshe added that to soften the seriousness of it alland you d better get used to it .
wild enough , country cousin ?
the bank had to get that much out of it and so that s how they settled , him dreaming , her praying and here they were ida and adam way out in the country with a couple horses and a garden .
there was an incredibly tall skinny fellow said he was from the texas hill country playing some bluegrass and a slender blonde girl dressed in a long dress looked like a costume from a stage - play , who plucked an odd instrument she told them was a dulcimer .
sarah was a stoic country woman and did nt make a noise about the pain but still robert wanted to hurry up and get the volunteer paramedics to help him get her moved and fixed up .
some hippies back in the sixties had actually taken over a small ghost town , once a mining town and they thought it would be funny to call it podunk and the name stuck even as the hippies grew up to be more or less the usual run of the mill country folks just doing whatever to get from one day to the next .
maureen had come to the town about ten years later , driving cross country to escape new jersey .
the last time he got paid for a job was in early january when he got fifty dollars for helping a guy in a moving van unload furniture at one of the new houses the rich people were increasingly building up among the poor country folk .
at the time he did nt , but later when bullies at school beat him and called him a country hick , he saw it clear enough .
after these stately mansions they drove through an area of ugly warehouses and small manufacturing concerns , followed by some suburban houses , the older ones split - level or ranch homes , the newer ones the ubiquitous colonial trophy houses of the modern greed - driven mba types , and then finally they were in the country .
at the country club where the business elite of bedford and waska congregated , whether or not they played golf ( ridlon did nt ) , many of his friends had already added their sons to the company namefenton and son , lavalle and son .
there s plenty of country folks who are brutes and boozers , but our menfolk ai nt .
its the reason he stayed in the country while charlie moved to town .
there s still a lot of country folk do nt have those things .
one of our moves was to the country .
at first the ride back to portland through country roads was a continu - ation of their walk back to the car : little was said and both brooded .
i remember you said you felt terrible seeing those poor country people when you went to waska with chris .
reading the signs of deers nesting place , seeing where a pileated woodpecker had made large oval holes searching for grubs in a dead tree , and finding the coughed - up bones and fur of field mice that an owl had deposited after digesting his prey , he thought of what his father always said about country peoplethat they knew the woods .
in fact , he thought , remembering many meals they had eaten , it was nt just the country menfolk who knew the woods and nature .
he seemed to be brooding about something , and malcolm , unsure of himself and the ways of the world , began to wonder if it was something he said or did or if it was simply that mr . kaminski regretted being personal with such a country boy as him .
at first donna thought she and longo had taken a drive in the country , but she was apparently only referring to city trees .
she had a new boyfriend , a kid from the city , and looked down on country folk .
after driving several miles on the country road , they started looking for landmarks , a fork in the road , a horse farm , and an abandoned dairy .
it was the country folk especially that talked this way .
the country life ai nt for me .
you talk about country ways , and yet you use city ways .
i remember when carl got hit by a car and the man had no insurance and no money , carls daddy did things the country way .
he taunted him about country justice .
you say a son taunted him about country justice ?
when he could nt make bail , he was remanded to the country jail .
that led them to a comparison between such french and spanish words for heaven , country , man and nose that was actually fun and animatedciel and cielo ; pays and pais ; homme and hombre ; nez and narizand only lost steam when jeremy brought up the german words for these things ( himmel , land , mann and mensch , nase ) .
finally he was ready to make the dark journey alone when silence differentiated late night from early evening and he knew he d recognize the dawn by the cry of the crows and the distant bellowing of the cattle in the country wafted in on the clear and empty morning air .
he came to love the soothing sorrow of that early quiet with the distant country sounds as if they came from his home which he had left when such a young man .
i keep taking buses into this city , different parts of it each time , and getting lost and then i ca nt find a bus back to the country where the dark is soft and comforting , not terrifying like it is in the city with the neon and the noise and the strange shadows .
sara finally figured out that much of what they told her was what they figured she expected and wanted to hear about the good ole country folks they were supposed to be .
all the people gone somewhere to get warm , gone to the country maybe to burn wood because there was no more fuel coming into the cities .
however the cartoons and the sport , the crosswords and the country diary lessened the effect .
they have no conception of freedom , they appear to be oblivious to their country cousins living on free - range farms .
' it all began there ' he said to himself vaguely , not really paying attention to his thoughts , simply allowing himself to be driven to the country , passively accepting the views , staring at the cars and people in the streets without seeing anything more specific than cars and people in the street : the detail was so overwhelming that it blurred into a mass , became generalised and unreal , like a dream .
he could hear it churning on through the country lanes long after it had disappeared from view .
he shrugged and set off for the country , out of the village .
so be it , we expect no more from this uplifted face of earth , turning slow , spinning into day from her far night journey across the million million souls that crawl and cry beneath this temporary light dark world , like me ; like me , stirring , rising , mammoth effort to all my limbs , breaking the surface of my visions into sharp , breath - catching morning bedroom , bedclothes draped in roman style over hot , sticky flesh , cooling and steaming velvet horse flesh in the stable yard , an inturned thigh , crooked ankle in ugly horsewoman pose , farting horses and ducks and buses on country lanes , prance and fart above the sleek mythological loins of the horse you call ' egmont rouge ' , khaki jodhpurs , blue jeans like a slough , and i , emperor of rome , satiated by nymphs of sleep prepare to don the performance again , to the crowd who jostle and grin and call to me in rough intelligible voices , surging forward to pick up the lifeless jeans ; like so .
he was a country man , as rough as rock , a man who rolled his round life between the mystery of sea , sun , death and shit - a man bemused before the soiled roots of life , aware of something greater than he , and content to let it lie undiscovered among the heather and sound of his territory .
the day in the country pinned upon that well - mapped grid of land ?
but shed been warned some country areas had poor reception and , having requested urgent attention to her financial problems , she could hardly make herself difficult to find .
few weekends passed without his driving his second - hand mazda hatchback to banabrook for lunch with the blakes and lessons in the pursuits of country gentlefolk .
well , history , social studies , geography , politics , economics ... you know what country schools are like .
the country womens association , caroline said .
country folk always think that what s good for the country is good for the nation .
and caroline blake fashions is too up - market to have country stores !
before the war a mysterious refugee would have been a welcome diversion for a country police station .
i left to make a new starta life in the citylots of country girls do .
there s something about country girls .
a simple country race meeting , but may loved those .
like other country kids , walter had grown up knowing families living an hours drive down the back road to nowhere .
there were some pretty colourful rumours about his reasons for buying a country property away from prying city eyessuggestions some of the vehicles arriving in the dead of night were nt his , stories about perfectly good rigs being dumped in the big gully running through weatherlees back paddock .
back at the homestead , the ladies of the newly formed branch of the country womens association , led by their president olive sampson , laid out scones and jam and fresh cream .
horses on a country race track .
sunbury races was undistinguished as a work of art , but it reminded her of happy days at country race meetings .
amazing what country people will do for each other .
initially to set the place up to offer city folk a country experience .
the local history of the country womens association , whose members would provide the refreshments after the funeral , provided fertile ground .
the darkness of the country night made her window a mirror in which she could see her every movement .
there s something about the air of a country morning , he said , taking a deep breath to illustrate the point .
banabrook might be a long way from the city , but the media was sure to get hold of the story if an overworked country gp was called to drive two hours to tell senator blake she was perfectly all right .
in a country town where every birth , death and marriage is an event ?
why would an ma honours graduate decide to teach in a country school ?
months later , she is found in a train unloading at a country siding in australia .
it is also good enough for her to realise how hard it would be to find her way through the high country into switzerland .
nobody else knows how she has made her way from dachau to this country town on the other side of the world .
the dreams revolved around the snow and the piercing winds and the little country neighborhood where my family lived .
we drove down that old 95 , away from the city that had meant so much to me , heading toward a country town between d.c . and baltimore .
i needed to try and make friends and get out of the suffocation of the open air and the country and get myself to a city .
i ve never been this far west before and i ve come a rather circuitous route just to see more of the country .
you skirted around bell ranch country .
its a grabber for mid - westerners because it shows a group of children planting a tree in a country schoolyard .
if he traveled east , like on his several visits to alabama , he enjoyed remarking that it was beautiful country there , but that he missed new mexicos brownery .
what , do nt you watch television , country boy ?
in just one year , they made so much money that they bought new cooperative apartments , a car , and even a country lot .
meeting at dawn with all our classmates in a picturesque place in the country , we started talking about professions we were going to choose .
scott drives under the flag and into the country .
i know i m going to be leaving myself in the country .
i drive us across , and tell the canadian customs officer that well just be spending one night in the country .
then he hands our ids back and scott puts the grand am in drive and rolls into the country , under the waving american flag .
she drove the car through town and morrison through his seat , over a narrow box - section bridge , the river silent below , the sky clearing above , swung incautiously onto the bypass and continued west into greener country .
all on a cross country road trip , without any dreams whatsoever .
here he was in a car , driving across the country with no dreams or aspirations .
nice to be out in the country , huh ?
they had joined the newest country club in town and their children no longer played with the kids on the street .
their special blend of old country melodies and modern hits from glen miller , harry james and duke ellington provided the enthusiastic crowd with dance music until well after midnight .
never before exposed to the bucolic advantages of living in the country , she found this semi - gentrified existence , where open spaces consumed civilization at the end of their backyard , extremely uncomfortable .
were in the country now - sorta .
the great depression grass had appeared greener on the other side of the country , so i rode the rails from the central - california town of my parents , convinced that i could make my career writing in new york city .
that he had shoulder length hair , that vincit veritas was tattooed on the skin over his heart , that he was an avid hunter , that he had drifted around the country and in and out of school and jobs for almost ten years before deciding that he wanted a doctorate in business , all that , all information which would be of the utmost importance to dilly or bill , would be less important to her mother than whether brad made eye contact when he spoke to her .
it had been a week since she had driven along south countys country roads thinking of gardens .
it was as if her breasts were the penultimate sign of a burma shave advertisement along a country road .
mom , remember the time you took us to the museum in shelbourne and afterwards we were wandering around in that old country store ?
its unbelievable to me that a man who gasses thousands of his own people , invades a neighboring country , or , more aptly in this instance , country club , and who lobs missiles at a neutral country can sell himself , successfully , as a saint .
the last time he had been in new haven he was nearing the end of his cross country drive after having been discharged from the army hospital .
its something we always thrust on our guests when they came to our dry country from the midwest .
so many different kinds of wild flowers i had seen , some in open meadows , some hidden in shadows , many along streams , some in high , dry country .
they just took guy and drove out to the country and threw him in the ditch one night .
i ca nt wait until we get out of the city and into the country where the girl is .
they were now headed south , down a country road outside valkyrie when odyn stopped in the middle of the road .
hell come after you like he s attacking a country ham .
to let off steam , he d go out in the country later and shoot at cows .
i love country roads because they never waver like the roads in a city .
max was on a retreat , at a property in the country .
not easy to make a getaway from a country town .
i find that aspect of country life comforting right now .
with the typical good nature of country folk , the farmer and his wife received their sopping visitor , found him some dry overalls , and boiled the kettle for a hot drink .
it is the country way , i suppose .
its the way in the country , though .
she does nt want to mess things up by continuing to seek revenge against a few people in a country townespecially if she perceives them to be suffering already , although i think she was laying the blakes suffering part on a bit thick .
here in the country , going hunting with his cousin again , it feels like nothing has changed , as if time has been indefinitely suspended .
` ` it 's out in the country .
after driving past two small sub - divisions whose names were so fanciful that gene guessed their developers must be either bitterly ironic or stricken with early onset alzheimers , he was in the country .
while the women went to work in a large country kitchen made to look small and inadequate by the clutter of plates , platters and pans that needed washing .
in order to fit in , she was worried she might have to join a bowling league or start listening to country music .
look on the bright side , i paused for affect , and then continued , bowling and country music have their downfalls , but at least none of us are inbred .
he drew horses , and country scenes , and occasionally naughty ones like a woman with no panties on riding a dragon .
yet , despite his defects of judgment , he had acquired at least some short - lived credibility as a country doctor .
rest assured , a country gentleman can secure himself a dutiful wife and live out his years in complete contentment .
but once again , the country simpleton proved that his legacy of ineptitude was well earned .
minus a horse , i wondered how far he might ve ventured on foot across the unknown country , but since my position was aligned directly with his movement , we seemed fated to come together .
i hast no country matters acknown , yet i gather pignuts and wood like a manikan .
look , i do nt know exactly what you re implying , but you re off the mark by a country mile .
rest stop heaven , mused henry , beginning for the first time to really consider the idea of retiring betty and becoming a bit of a hobo , just camping around the country in various parks and rest stops .
she loved getting away from arizona and coming out to the country house in florida .
perhaps dr . phillips would be at the country club later .
he had attended an event with friends at a country club in boston , a club that catherine and her family belonged to as long - time , respected members .
like a deer hypnotized by headlights on a country road at dusk , miles had gone tharn .
she still had little yellow - and - white flowers in her hair , undoubtedly gathered from the idyllic country setting that surrounded them , and miles could smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers as ashley hugged him tightly .
asked miles , noticing for the first time as he glanced out the front windshield that the volvo now sat on a small country road which wound rather whimsically through the rolling hills that formed the landscape .
he gave the car some gas to see how far gone it was after spending who knew how much time outdoors in a country field and was surprised to find the engine revved smoothly .
maybe i m not real anymore either , thought miles as he began cruising down the country road that meandered through rolling green hills of sweet - smelling grass .
cried ashley aloud as they shot down the now - very - steep country road at what felt like volvo warp speed .
his pie hole , as norm at the country club often called it , was so dry he could barely manage to move his tongue .
heard miles one last time as the firefly - screen flickered , waved like a flag , and shifted yet again , this time displaying a wonderfully idyllic country setting .
now there is a place i would like to live someday , thought miles as he gazed with longing at the idyllic country setting .
the small sculpture displayed an idyllic country setting where a small stream turned a working water wheel .
miles thought again how ironic it was that catherine did nt know she was in a perfect little cottage in the midst of an idyllic country setting as she sat transfixed in a single corner of that upstairs bedroom , her gaze never wavering from a single patch of hardwood floor in front of her .
thought miles suddenly , wondering how many of the colorful little cottages he had seen in that idyllic country setting might contain occupants in a similar state of mental anguish .
he prayed that someone would be sent to that lovely little cottage in that idyllic country setting to free catherine from the mental and emotional prison in which she languished as she stared unwittingly and unknowingly at that little patch of hardwood floor .
chapter 38 miles was back in front of the little green - and - yellow cottage in the idyllic country setting .
he put his arm around ashley as they looked out the open window at the idyllic country setting that spread out before them .
the lake of glittering blue was gone , there were no colorful little cottages in an idyllic country setting .
-- mario miles gazed at the scene before him with awe , marveling at the almost unbelievable beauty of the idyllic country setting that surrounded him .
catherine gasped as the door swung open , the idyllic country setting coming fully into view in all its glory .
susie helped me edit it all up so it do nt sound like a worthless old country boy wrote it .
julia asked , not wanting to point out that she was well past the point of being fooled into thinking of her grandfather as a worthless old country boy .
the old country ... you would n't believe it , little old woman rolling in millions of glitzy showbiz money .
when his wife had her period the next month , he took a drive out into the country in the middle of a thunderstorm and cried , dripping tears and snot onto the steering wheel .
the old two - lane runs parallel to the interstate , threading tiny heartland towns , alongside barns pitched askew by prairie wind , fenced country headstones sticking up like bad teeth .
he checks out , fills a pair of coffee cups , turns up the country radio , and drives hard through the darkness with nearly 300 miles between him and home .
she 'd swing down off the horse and sling that satchel over her shoulder , bring it into tara 's family 's little country store and hoist it onto the counter with barely a word , maybe a nod and a grunt as if she were a little cowboy from the movies .
los arboles was n't even properly a town , more a collection of houses and a post office and the carter 's small country store .
it was a remote , country life and at the same time completely tied in to all the goings - on going on .
she had one of those hand - pumped radios which she carried around on her belt , but sadly for her it could only bring in one station , and that one played country music .
the carters down at the country store just wanted to make sure things were all right , and to ask him if he wanted any poppy seeds again .
she was living like a settler in long - settled country , a homesteader staying at home .
the building contained a post office whose hours were set between never and nope , the remains of what was a restaurant once but looked like it had been shuttered for years , and a small country store that was more like the kind of snack shop you 'd find in a national park .
a glass - mouthed country song was slithering from static - heavy speakers .
they moved to a tiny little house out in the country and did n't talk about anything that had happened before .
she 'd seen a story in the newspaper a few days ago about a rape - murder in cortland country .
the memory of that made him smile years later in the military hospital in the hot desert country and the smile cracked his broken lips as his father 's fists had once done .
except it was nt the front - room , exactly , only like the front - room of her childhood playing on the street and door directly to the matted rugged smell of cooking from the stone wall white - washed country kitchen upstairs two bedrooms , one on the gallery landing for the parents and children and grandparents in the loft , an outside closet room to flush away into the ground with a zinc - metal bucket of water from the kitchen sink ... into the slurry sump she thought where you could hear it slurry all the way down ; and then to replace from the kitchen or outside tap pumped - up from the well refilling the bucket and the decorated fired china clay bowl for washing , ready for the next use .
in a busy shopping centre , or on a country lane .
> utilising - maximum ... < capital - profit : ... after tax : ... revenue - dividends : engineering and on top of that : economic infrastructure risk - cheated public - private sharing between ... > country to country place and people to people populations and actual - goods and buildings routes and ways : visionary : to establish perpetual - growth in - proportion to inheritance and wealth earned ... and taken disproportionately : < steel - girders and glass ...
a crash of dinner - plates and breakfast bowls and tea - cups ... at a well situated country residence , in town and country , and the - city : ' to the - banks !
a crash of dinner - plates and breakfast bowls and tea - cups ... at a well situated country residence , in town and country , and the - city : ' to the - banks !
economic - enemies , and reforms ... personal - privatisation ... liberal - economic , illiberal - political - barons , family - connections : in - corporation fabulously wealthy while country - starves in poverty devastating agriculture , natural and not maintained , importing city - jobs instability in the countryside in the - agricultural industrial - towns , and cash - rich commercial - for : .
the humidity of the air also jumped up a notch soon afterward and did not go down until i started working my way back north , towards home , several days later driving through bayou country was a very new experience for me .
i began to understand why my girlfriend , who happened to work part time as a cook for a country club , made the comments she did about fresh herbs .
mammoth caves eventually it became difficult to tune into the types of radio stations we wanted to listen to so rather than listen to static or country music jackie pushed her run away train tape back into the cassette player .
the guest bedroom was used to store canned good and showcase the few family heirlooms or photos that survived the trip over from the old country .
schools all around town were back in business as of two weeks before , and this was to celebrate the re - union of mates and friends , many of whom had just returned to the city from a long , relaxing summer at country residences .
piedmont is a little more antiseptic socially than this country hospital here .
and being a good son , a good cousin , and a good nephew , ananda complied , and would neveralthough siddhattha at times askeddemean the city or the country , but would always , and quite cleverly , either praise their beauty or steer the conversation back to the palace and its grounds and the many places to rest or hide or eat or enjoy the blessings of the sun .
he d seen them interviewed now and then on tv , three hundred pounds of white trailer park trash , tornado country somewhere , oh , yes , they believed it all right .
the pretty white church nestled in the folds of the country as if god had reached down and placed it there , cradled by his creation .
she was walking down a dark country road again , toward the forest edge , now visible ahead , now closer , now closer , now here .
it had to do with a dark country road where she stood , head leaned back with her eyes to the stars .
then the coke wore off and we realized people drive across the country and move to la all the time .
all we know is he got a job in a heating company and was some sort of manager , responsible for the transport of fuel around the country .
still two beds , the same worn candlewick bedspreads , but the walls painted a fresh , unmarked magnolia , a single unremarkable watercolour of some country scene that had nothing to hold the eye .
i ca nt really remember what sort of day it was , but it seemed bright and warm as we were driven off , a weekend in the country , we did nt want more , did nt want to put off beginning our new life .
i think there had been perhaps a little too much champagne ; even before we got to our country house hotel , cosy and secluded which was what we were after , stephens eyes clouded over .
in its heyday , asoka plains became a luxurious hotspot for weekend trips and an ideal locale for country homes .
growing up in a small town , in hilly country , there had never been much of a vista in his forming years , the horizon always close and uphill .
about the love , about donovan visiting from distant england , about the hope of the world , about country joe and the fishthe berkeley house band , about meeting and not at all falling in love at first sight but growing to know each other over the four semesters it took them to finally realize what was written in their stars , about their wedding in golden gate park during a grateful dead concert ( jerry garcia catered our music , is how her mother liked to put it ) , about deciding that their first child had to be conceived that decade , and going right ahead to make sure .
word must have gotten to the town officials that their very important visitor had returned from her country outing and it would not do to have her pestered by reporters , now would it ?
she s in the country somewhere with george schlee .
gerald thought of country music and nodded to himself .
she s making country music real music , as opposed to the other ninety - nine percent of that persuasion .
it was high arid country , almost desert , but the temperature was pleasant .
he s thinking that he s bound for home and his little country cottage , nestled in a cosy dell , its stone walls covered with creepers , its front garden full of well - pruned rose bushes , all of it far away from the tropics and native art .
ill be here for a few days before i go up country .
i have asked her : found country house to return ?
the infancy of david was a beautiful mix of family country houses and economic problem list seasoned from constant almost always taken around for jeans dirts and hair almost ever washed .
two great windows gave a good light and the show of the lake and the whole country grown beside him to the room .
only henry was particularly silent and i hypothesized that you / he / she had spent indeed a hard evening , because when you / he / she was in vein henry he spoke a country house .
we had down the bench in country .
if country houses happen you inculo !
i / you / they have entered the wine cellar that you / they were not the 6.30 yet and , moving myself for the country , you / he / she was seemed me a good idea to decide to depart to that time because i had not crossed soul long live .
do you know him / it that if they peck at you we end all in the country houses ?
while i was being fought in to try to understand if the seduction that the scene operated in my respects were natural or pathological , david has asked : but has as cazzo done to make a country house of the kind ?
there was odor in true summer in calabria and the dry earth , the white houses , the itinerant ones that you / they sold onions to the edges of the road , the plants of fig trees of indian and the blue horizon on which the shade of stromboli supported him made the small scaling toward the country a marvelous cloth .
the country was not that an only street of asphalt that cut heaps of houses grown in unorganized way and apparently decomposed .
they were all so the houses of the country , so consumed by to communicate sense of abandonment of carelessness and of poverty .
after ten minutes of walk ciabattante of infradito we have arrived to a beach in central position in comparison to the country : white sand , sets marvelous .
i / you / they have wakened up by the frightening country house produced by gianca that it shouted as a crazy person while he uprooted .
the last curves , the densest and cold air , the odor of the lake at night , the silences of the country , her '' wine cellar . ''
you / he / she had told us , always in that preceding evening to the departure of david , to have to frequent the premarital course with the priest of the country on the lake ; we had joked there above , as every time , snickering on the images of other couples according to him '' already convicts to the divorce before starting '' and on the accounts of monologues of a drowsy and a little convinced priest that '' he / she would like to teach whether to live something that does n't know . ''
for all these reasons mark i did n't often find again him / it : not in the wine cellar , in superabundant wednesdays still of beer and discussions on the kick ; not in the synthetic campettis of country , in those evenings of sweaty partitelle to digest the bad moods of day ; not in the weekends scanzonati , by now less and less entusiasmanti and fortunately more reasoned .
me , with in the legs and in the head the work of the uncomfortable journey and the double rush of the writing not cancelled and of an unexpected opportunity entirely i have reached the country on the lake with a good mezzora of delay to the italian accumulated in the run .
the belvedere was a place more than known to every inhabitant of the country on the lake , and if i / you had also wanted to surprise i would have had to bring in the daytime us alice , when the scenery was very more suggestive and the light revealed in full the spaces distant of the opposite shores .
she was a country peasant - woman and a very talkative one .
he was a child about seven years old , walking into the country with his father on the evening of a holiday .
it was a grey and heavy day , the country was exactly as he remembered it ; indeed he recalled it far more vividly in his dream than he had done in memory .
the building appeared smaller and more dilapidated than he remembered , what he recalled as sprawling country store now more frontier mini - mart .
the country bumpkin act gets pretty thick .
that s kind of old country is nt it ?
you , carolyn , you ve travelled across the country .
at this distance across the country carolyn thought of the woman on the phone as elizabeth , not as mother .
grandma lives outside town , so its like a country estate .
i guess , you re right , carolyn said , its a french country home .
it was like the difference between a major city and a small country town in the united states .
that huge house , the organizations , the country club .
and that was only because i wanted to have a big bad ass christmas party in the country , make a lot of noise and ruckus .
i m not going to columbia , the country .
throbbed , as it did when she was eight and sat for hours in a locked closet , while from the other side of the door came the thick smells of burning cigarettes and reefer and the loud sound of country blues .
despite the publics perception of him as a man of gentle manners , she knew he still behaved , at times , like an uncouth country boy of crude breeding , burping audibly and releasing awful gas and thinking it funny .
johnnie maes husband mike , a tall strapping country boy , humble and shy , with a mouthful of crooked brown teeth , sat next to her with long legs stretched before him and powerful arms crossed .
mike watched the action in the den with an air of quiet resignationhis way of coping with being the only brogans - wearing , hog - slaughtering member of an extroverted country clan whose members could now afford to park jaguars and benzes next to his pig pens when they came to visit johnnie mae .
each of them left the country as they completed their schooling , and went to the city .
she told him how sorry she was for deceiving him , and that she would still like to go on their cross country trip , that this did n't mean that their relationship would end , and that she believed that their love was strong enough to endure the distance .
` ` there 's not much that would make me seriously consider living in the country , but their yard always makes me think that it could be nice . ''
but it 's a night full of the kind of quiet you only get out in the country .
the two of you together at your uncle 's house in the country , your aunt dead six days past .
but further from the cities , they wo n't find us out in the country , not if there are just a few of us .
she was born in philadelphia in 1954 , grew up between coatesville , pa , and amish country and received a bs in biology from muhlenberg college in 1976 .
the house still irritated ray , ever since josh purchased the parcel to build his country estate .
entering the valley jacob 's truck passed a pile of junk , an appliance graveyard of old washing machines and rusted hot water heaters , the unofficial country dump where cars and trucks from all around immaculate crept at night to unload the undisposable .
passing a parked vehicle , the tell - tale bass beat of a country song teetered up and down .
a car sitting near the fire blared music , with all four doors open , and the trunk popped to maximize the sound , playing mostly country music , and a rap song on occasion until a protest forced the song back to country or rock .
a car sitting near the fire blared music , with all four doors open , and the trunk popped to maximize the sound , playing mostly country music , and a rap song on occasion until a protest forced the song back to country or rock .
` ` you know in country songs , '' jacob said , warbling , ` ` they talk about burning bridges . ''
a song 'll always tell me more about the world than numbers , and there ai n't no songs that 'll move me like a country song or heavy metal .
panic forced him to talk even more , ` ` paddy , me and my liz have been thinking that we should buy a little place in the country and grow vegetables , keep a few chickens for eggs , maybe a cow for milk and what we do n't use we could sell .
now they would all live happily ever after in their little house in the country .
now you got on , ol home depot opening up there yonder , ai nt good for nobody , said adie mellon through his country drawl .
everything has been country , gospel , or preachers .
do nt you dare defile my store with your country music !
the targets : three fraternity houses , the oxford country club , and a hippie commune .
the news story recounts a state of panic at the country club , with well - heeled patrons fleeing into the night , absconding in golf carts , rolling pell mell across the links , abandoning the carts at the sixth or ninth of twelfth hole and striking out into the woods ladies in sun dresses and high heels , men in seersucker suits pursued by the law under the harsh illumination of a nearly full moon .
the last one decided she liked country music .
but dottie does have the byrds , the eagles , the turtles , the animals , the monkees , the yardbirds , t. rex , country joe and the fish , buffalo springfield , steppenwolf , three dog night , howlin wolf , budgie , joe cocker , cat stevens , and a new group called blue oyster cult .
he scratches his chin again , gives her a sideways stare , his canny country boy face .
today , however , its playing country joe mcdonalds feel like i m fixing to die rag .
now i m just a simple country boy , but i d like to know who was it that set up this system , this supposedly democratic system , where were always voting for the lesser of two evils ?
i do nt discriminate based on a mans proclivities , so long as he does nt sing country or pop .
you get a lot of them in the country .
during my undergraduate garland hall days , this was one of my favorite places to get stoned , high up in the tower , looking out over faulkner country .
and he thinks the devil has been chasing him across the country .
it was early evening when the transition from open country to shattered buildings and heaps of broken masonry signaled their approach to another german city .
he said that they had both been offered work on a farm to the east of the city , about ten kilometers in the country .
militia bands continued to be present on all the country roads they traveled , and their store of zlotys was steadily depleted as they paid the required imposts at each stop .
noting collings apparent surprise that his motor transport was not to be a car , jalesow said , the truck is better suited to the roads in the country .
its gables were rounded in the usual style of polish country mansions .
colling had learned to ride his uncle ottos motorcycle , an old indian model , around the country roads near the farm where he spent his summers , but he had to ask hermann to give him some pointers on how to operate the german machine .
the heavy vehicle rode well over the rutted country roads .
they encountered no checkpoints on what were essentially dirt tracks through farm country .
his next girlfriend , after me , was an innocent country girl , aged 22 , who used to babysit his daughter , and was related to his daughter 's sisters ...
i am a dark mahogany colour , and i am in the country , surrounded by green , plush grass and slate grey mountains covered in snow .
they all froze in their tracks like animals stunned by headlights on a dark country road .
though i traipsed around some rough country and if i was careful i could get far enough out to find some game i expect .
however , mike knew that in this part of the country the men folk did the master minding around the house .
you 're a country doctor and they can do anything , mike finished and he hung up just as doc was just opening his mouth to respond .
nebraska is beautiful country .
we rode in an old , gold plymouth on a country highway , heading toward lincoln , which was an hours drive east of our town and almost two hours from my home .
we pulled up to the crossroads of the country highway and the little road that was my street .
but catholicism has good things that these country religions do nt have .
he told me , i say that because , although you ve been a country girl all your life , you have a brain in there that s just ticking away until you can see the world .
i stood and examined one of rivers newer paintings of a road in the country .
and , because he was old , he dreamed of youth , and because he was in an ancient city , he dreamed of a country place , and because his life thus far , had been relatively dull and uneventful , he dreamed of adventure and excitement .
in rocky country , it was a stone wall ; in forested areas , it was made of wood , and as it moved through arid terrain it became a brick wall .
as they moved into the high country , they were treated to an ever - enlarging perspective as the worlds of paradise , imagination , content and tranquility spread out around them in all directions .
and then , after what seemed to be days and days of trekking along goat paths in the high country , they rounded a rather steep precipice , and there , in the distance , stood buildings : signs of human habitation .
it is comforting , when lost , a thousand years from nowhere , in the darkness and the black , to recall that somewhere in the high country , there is a place so conscious that it actually glitters with the many faceted light of twinkling realization .
having built up her reputation my mother did not find work too hard to come by , she wrote her fair - seller a country revealed , not long after they were married and became somewhat of a roving reporter for a melbourne paper ; though they were based down here .
and that s when he became the philanthropist and took a small cottage in the country looking at life for the first time .
she was wearing a blue robe she had put on to start coffee in her country kitchen .
he even felt contempt for recent arrivals from the old country .
at his age , back in the old country he would have been able to start taking it easy , delegating the heavy work to his son , who would be happy to give his youth to the farm on the prospect of one day calling it his own .
all he really knew about her was that , like himself , she and gottlieb had been dps the jew once mentioned a family business in the old country , but georg could not remember if they had been grain dealers or moneylenders .
at the end of the trip she would see no one but other nuns for the next two weeks , apart from brief excursions into town to tour the local ve - and - dime or a ride out into the country with a stop at one of the malls .
the sets are so realistic , and during the outdoor scenes you can actually smell the fresh country air .
manure - less country air .
marilyn monroe , stung from getting stood up for a date by thomas edison , stomps along a river bank in farm country , past endless cornfields and monolithic hog farms , and looks across the river with disdain at don quixote as he trudges exhaustedly up the opposite bank heading east , while overhead circles a bloodthirsty hawk , waiting for the kill , squawking ` ` kaw - roo !
insurance card , country club membership card , ssocial ssecurity , a lawyers business card , a sandwich shops tally , voters registration .
she and alexander would be getting an immediate start on their wedding tour , pausing for a few days in nonpareil before they would head out of the country to honeymoon in more exotic climes .
cirice stood at the front of camp alongside the sentries , the sharpest eyes scanning for movement upon the outlying country .
not here , in godforsaken cactus country .
i was sixteen again , my fathers country club , my first debutante ball .
i hope you liked it , deborah said pulling her buggy into hannah and christian 's country lane .
the sort of girl who would say hello to anyone she saw , who was nt mean to the unpopular kids or scared of the rough country kids , the ones who got into fights during lunch period .
they were still getting used to living out in the country .
you can tell dad and everybody at the country club that i plan to have some contract stuff lined up shortly .
jackie had overruled their objections and contracted with the country club .
driven his old beater of a car , handed off from jackie a few years before , all the way across the country .
closure from moms death , from the speed of the cancer , the viciousness of the treatments , the exhaustion from those cross country trips to try , unsuccessfully , to mange it all .
it was he who had first taken richard , isobel and i into the mountains , exposing us to the lure of the remote back country .
she had never once ventured out into the back country .
chapter 6 it was the summer of 1965/66 , when the family made its first sojourn to the back country .
it was on isobels copy of the easyrider soundtrack , and i was intrigued by its marriage of the earlier sound with a country feel , but as far as i knew , it was a one off .
isobel got up early each day to catch a bus out into the country where she picked berries all day .
isobel liked the country feel of the district , the sparrows flirting in the hedgerows , and beyond , the puffs of cumulus on a soft english horizon .
we are a microcosm of souls whose experience shares the commonality of growing up in cold , cold country .
kitten came from a small , snowy , american town in the heart of farm country and descended from a long line of strong women who were all early wives and mothers anchored to the kitchen floor .
the undulating hills , the overgrown wildflowers and the brown fences that demarcated meadows : a quiet place in the country where troubled minds could rest .
cassandra marveled at the unaffected , cozy country beauty of the mansions enormous kitchen .
the ironic thing , cassandra thought , is that cat has turned into a front runner in cross - country .
not now , while driving in the country with a sleeping child in the back seat , but she could and would call tonight , right before she called jen .
they are show jumping , cross country jumpingthats the steeplechase you mentionedand dressage .
before i get to an abandoned country ride .
she could get used to this country life in a hurry .
the moon looked so much bigger out here in the country , and as she flicked away an ash , she could feel him wrapping his arms around her again , and no god , no !
a vision was forming in her mind : this new practice , a country home in the mountains , a horse and stables and a reduced caseload that would allow her to spend time being a mom .
she was riding toward the stables , so he cut across the far side of the field , unhurried , as if taking an afternoon stroll in the country .
vicentes small country house had no running water or electricity .
the shepherd dogs urged the last of the sheep across the road that rose to the large country home , adorned with family shield and tower .
mo - mentary interruptions kept him going , the city became country and then appeared the airport and the end of the monologue .
what i did nt know but would soon learn was the patience and stubbornness of country people .
joseps middleclass mind had no idea what was in front of him , for he only saw the happy smile of the country gentleman .
josep offered his how quaint are the country people look and paqui looked on with her oh , these catalans , with their weird ac - cents .
he spoke with all the awkwardness and humility of a country bumpkin , which did little to disguise the ab - solutely astute man that was wise enough not to despise the rich mans folly which had given him a lifetime of subsistence .
charley was obvi - ously enamored with the country life , a place and a people much more in sync with what she had imagined spain to be .
he admired the fine interior motif of the country scattered about the home .
i guess the country never left you , eh ?
rambler is the right horse for this rough country .
are you sure you want to ride out into that country alone ?
after high school , warren attended college for a couple semesters , but , claiming disillusionment , dropped out and drifted around the country for as long as he could find friends to take him in .
she was certain it was nothing more than a country egg , at worst snatched from a local hennery .
continuing up the windy country road , he located the property .
i flipped on the radio and fiddled with the knob until i finally located a country and western station blasting a kenny chesney tune .
they drove through brandenberg center , passing out of the city into a rural stretch of new england country .
even though this was backblocks country , the hotel management had a dress code for the restaurant bar section .
` ` this is a small country town .
his mates and another lot in a 4 - wheel drive did a cross- country run over the hilly back area of a farm without the farmers permission .
the only certainties were the number of bridges he had to cross when travelling the country road , with numerous re - crossings of the same river .
best view i ve ever seen from a country property .
they get into the country and get their residency , maybe have a kid or two , stay with the husband long enough to qualify under the matrimonial property act , then bugger off with half the assets .
it was only their outward faade that seemed to show them as country yokels .
he apologised for not wanting to stay the night , but under the pretext of wanting to start their plans while they were still fresh in his mind , and wanting to get over the country back - roads before dark , he took his leave .
i must confess i was nosey though , you know , like we country folk are .
as a smallish country market on a main road , nearly a hundred muti - coloured tents , awnings , and umbrellas would soon be spread around the small park running adjacent to the state highway .
from about the time of her entering the family , lady bertram gave up the house in london , and remained wholly in the country , leaving sir thomas to attend his duty in parliament without her .
in the country , therefore , the miss bertrams continued to grow tall and womanly ; and their father saw them becoming in person , manner , and accomplishments , everything that he could wish .
a fine lady in a country parsonage was quite out of place .
miss crawford was not entirely free from similar apprehensions ; and it was not till after she had tried in vain to persuade her brother to settle with her at his own country house , that she resolved to try her other relations .
the approach now , is one of the finest in the country : you see the house in the most surprising manner .
cried maria : ` ` it would be generally thought the favourite seat , for one 's view of the country .
her own thoughts were habitually her best companions ; and , in observing the appearance of the country , the state of the harvest , the cottages , the cattle and the children , she found entertainment that could only have been heightened by having edmund to discuss it with .
till i came to mansfield , i had not imagined a country parson ever aspired to a shrubbery . ''
miss crawford , however , soon went on ` ` i am better reconciled to a country residence than i had ever expected to be .
i can even suppose it pleasant to spend half the year in the country , under certain circumstances .
the first pleasures of mr . rushworth 's wife must be to fill her house , and give the best balls in the country . ''
` ` the sweets of housekeeping in a country village ! ''
it is a solid , roomy , mansion - like house , such as one might suppose a respectable old country family had lived in through two centuries at least . ''
she felt that she had , indeed , been three months there ; and the sun 's rays falling strongly into the parlour made her still more melancholy , for sunshine appeared to her a totally different thing in a town from in the country .
equally formed for domestic life , and attached to country pleasures , their home was the home of affection and comfort ; and to complete the picture of good , the acquisition of the mansfield living , by the death of dr . grant , occurred just after they had been married long enough to begin to want an increase of income , and to feel their distance from their paternal home an inconvenience .
anyway , enjoy the country air while you can since the place is definitely going to be sold one of these days .
in a few minutes they were sailing along empty country roads , fast and faster through the turns , the roar of the engine and the wind noise soothing their silence .
the cut farm fields passed like countless summers as they swept along the country roads remembering the half remembered turns in life running the gray roads , running into the sun , they were running blindly into a strange almost desperate destiny .
laura and george were running together on the road that ran from the city to the country , the road they had left far behind .
finally , when they turned off the highway into the white country fields , the snow turned to sleet and the ice built up in piles beneath the hammering strokes of the black windshield wipers and with it lauras growing anxiety about the weather went up another gear .
when they all stepped out of the house , ann marie stopped still , looking stunned in surprise , frozen in space and time looking up at the clear country sky blazing with white stars and constellations .
the one side of the hay loft is still full of the old things my grandfather brought from the old country .
yet he was proud of his daughter and glad that his city girl had gone country .
just your basic chicken pluckin country girl .
its like a little city , not like the country .
after that , i was hoping we could find a little place on a lake and i could become a folksy country lawyer and you could write books .
were in the no - mans land between the city and the country .
in the filtered light of a country church filled to bursting with people , before a minister of the united church her family had attended when her family was all her own , eugenes mothers coffin glowed in the words that were said over her life .
that was when ian told sharon his dream of an isolated cabin where he could read and laura could write and he could commute to the nearest small town to be a country lawyer .
i could be a down home country lawyer .
she borrowed a little green austin from one of her women friends and the old thing fairly rattled as we travelled the winding country roads .
then we are driving through the country .
according to one account , rat man miyazaki was begot of a chance union between the god of kin - selective altruism and an exceptionally open - minded female country rat .
it automatically went to a country station and i let out yah hoo !
i was not familiar with heroin myself but it was a favorite of the country club kids in my town and never did much meth as it was hard to get .
his parents owned a corn farm in iowa , but he looked as if he d been raised by aristocrats in an english country house and had just stepped off the cover of gq magazine .
that night , after dark , we found a deserted country road outside of town and parked for a while .
we were married two weeks later in a small civil ceremony on the back lawn of our country home , and as soon as school let out , we traveled to the greek island of santorini for our honeymoon .
or perhaps you would prefer the country .
now he preferred to spend his free time at his getaway in the country where he could be left in peace .
the plan was simple - they would take the best educational techniques and technology to the country , to the small rural schools which had never seen a native language teacher , or a chemistry lab , had never had access to cutting edge it training .
the country road ran into the dark bordering the moor , swinging around in a large arc , but if he took a short cut straight across it he should reach the cottage in no time .
i look around to see if anyone noticed his insult , but no one is paying attention to us you were good i say oh yeah , i like all that old country carter family ... the stanley brothers i like those guys toocountry music now stinks i say there has nt been anyone good since waylon he says willie nelson is still out there i say and then he starts to sing , remember me , when the candle lights are gleamin .
what a brilliant country britain truly is .
he remembered finishing the cross country in that winter and stopping to catch breath .
chad interrupted , down in hillbilly country ?
one night , the sort of night that comes when college students common sense is numbed by either too much studying or too much alcohol , peter took them to pastures west of a town aptly named slaughtersville and introduced them to cow tipping , a sport clearly created by bored and , likely intoxicated , country youth .
chad winked and went on to talk about winning three straight pool tournaments at the country club .
they travel around the country in small packs like wild dogs .
his countless summer days and weekends at the country club had not gone to waste .
these dirt roads in the country are so frightening .
she spoke from the front seat of the green and white ford station wagon as we drove out into the country on one of her long jaunts into the realm of the cowboy princes and the sad glass bottle hunts in ghost towns .
in the car that day her left arm , so thin and so brown , hung over the seatback as she spoke , we teased her by trying to barely touch the center of her palm and she tried to snatch at our hands or slap us , not looking directly at the three of us in the back seat , but letting her eyes float over the passing earth of arizona , and she wore impenetrable dark glasses and her lipstick spoke , yes , out at some fabulous ranches , here and there , in the back country of arizona , farther out than we are now , way out near the borders , some glorious ranches , my goodness the money it would take to buy them , kids , i tell you there is nt any money like that anymore , ranches that were bigger than whole states in the east , and i tell you kids , make no mistake , those were mysterious ranches , ranches with real histories .
by traveling into the countryside , mother believed we were increasing our knowledge of the cowboy princes environment , learning arizona history and correspondingly we were increasing the chance that we would run into one of them at a country store , under a large oak tree , in the wilds of arizona , and mother seemed certain that then she would discuss library science or hawthorne or some such thing and introduce her children to people of prominence , people of real substance , people who secretly owned arizona .
a faint scent of rancid lavender , perhaps from a handkerchief inside her purse , wafted toward us as though , during a delightful stroll down a country lane , a gate to a trampled and mucky sty had swung open .
about her there hung a distinct aura of eastern shops , money , and status ; there was every possibility that she was eligible to join the dar , that her great - great grandmother and every mother since had actually done so , and that people somewhere shuddered to visit her in her enormous , pitiless city mansion and country home overlooking a great shiny bay .
but why would a well - educated person moved half way across the country to end up at an entry level position in a supermarket ?
the artwork on the cover depicted a band of cowboys riding through rugged hill country somewhere in the midwest .
they 'd build a log cabin in the wilderness country of oregon , buy cattle , preferably durhams , that they could graze and breed on the open range .
in the rarified , high country mountain air , mr . moshels health would quickly be restored and the only time his hands would ever shake again would be to applaud the antics of his half dozen , give or take a few , grandkids .
on the wall at the end of the corridor hung a portrait of a young girl with a sun bonnet and lace shawl escorting a herd of cows down a country lane .
i click on the radio , am assaulted by a series of country music or fast talking spanish language stations .
then we just head north on the country road we d turned on .
so after he now looked around the country enough , he was tired of the prolong wandering ; and when he once saw a big , stately farm he thought not long but came quickly and offered his services to the farmer .
the master directed him to take a staff and a satchel and went with him to the front door , from where they were able to see far into the country .
and when the maiden raised her face to him , it was as if the scales had fallen from his eyes and he recognized at once the girl from the country kitchen .
asked her mistress , and the old woman went on : it was during the end of the great war and the castle here was often overrun by enemy and allied troops , that it happened one day that an old doctor who came into the country with the swedes had been wounded by an imperial bullet in an encounter down below in the forest while he , awaiting the outcome , was keeping watch by his chests of medicine .
in the evening i was with the local family of the local country clerk .
the entire town stood off in the distance beyond the serene country .
there s no cell service this far out in the country .
i could hear the echoes of the cars racing on the country road at the bottom of the hill , the call of the birds as they soared overhead , and the song of the cicadas within the gold of the weeds .
one moment i was in the car with my mom ; in the next , a truck on the country road headed straight for us .
min was reminded of driving among a flock of snow - white sheep on a country road where the ambling majority stopped the motor traffic in its tracks .
jim reluctantly agreed to boycott the convivial occasion and instead , he suggested that they take a walk along the road of loving hearts and climb the hill behind the town to the grave of the poet who had spent his last years in the country .
obviously an in joke from the country where sheep call the tune .
what a pity they had waited for her return she had no talent for dancing in any genre but the local style was unique to the country and needed years of practice .
in fact the person he had felt closest to in later years apart from his wife , had been his aunt who had become a good mate when they moved to the same country town .
just the thing in the lucky country , smirked robert touching on one of his favourite topics .
jim was sorry that it would nt be a truly local affair but he understood and arranged the country director to coordinate things .
ji , she said something beyond his understanding , lifting the drape of her sari onto her head as he often saw woman do in the country .
he is but a mere guest in the country .
the trains in the country were such that there were no doors to any of the carriages .
the credibility of politicians was always a debatable subject , yet it startled her greatly that the case could be so severe that the poor man should be tempted to leave the country to better his prospects .
they were merely guests in the country .
given the popularity of tourism in the country , the cabin was expectantly quiet , but not of that emptiness whereby a conversation could resound in silence .
thus , after work on friday , he travelled up to their country home in hertfordshire .
now , i find myself running around the country like a fugitive , desperately trying to protect her from her brothers clutches .
so if you decide , you want to learn to fight i will wait till you return one up - victorious one betrayed by a kiss then burning , burning with rage i may learn to trust your hate i may turn and lust you babe sour - sour - sour sour grapes ( and you may call it treason still sour grapes make great raisins ) austin tea - bag caffeine and mary jane are making love at last while lilac wine , fresh as the vine washes away our past and darling shapes and sizes coalesce with tiger - force and as bad as things have become they could still be worse so drink to christ 's sure coming or your own indecision because you should be doing something else but you just ca n't catch the vision then let the caffeine fuel your fever let the wine cool your blood and let mary jane , dear friend of fools do just what she does free wild bird took me a while to smile , honey took me even longer to laugh come over here and light my candle or i 'll be over there to bubble your bath yes laughter is a remedy for all things and sorrow is a cage , so i ' ve heard like the ballad of a thin man or oscar living in a trash can but baby i ' m one free wild bird so dance me to the darkness , sweetly then darken me during the dance true saints are neither sexless nor loveless come over here , let 's make some romance and i 'll caress you with heavenly music or i 'll stroke you with one dirty word like we 're fresh out of luck or else in need of a buck but baby i ' m one free wild bird crazy as it sounds to say it of one self if i did n't , well i 'd forget who i am then sooner or later i 'd turn into a hater and damn that would be a hell of a jam so one more time for good time 's sake go ahead , call me a crazy - ass nerd like a man on a mission or a sea - hawk out fishin ' but baby i ' m one one free wild bird forty days forty days , forty ways to kill a man i ' ve been riding across this open country just trying to make a stand staying low , beneath the bells of fear laughing alone like hollow bones but i can hear them drawing near the dogs of death , the hounds of vengeful love fighting for this hallowed ground that they call , ' the field of blood ' where one lay , who gave his life for many though when he walked the earth he made he did not earn a penny o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' damn you mister landlord you ugly millionaire unless you give your life for love and truly learn to share what you own with those better than yourself wall street president , you must repent forsake all your wealth then you will be truly rich indeed but as it is you only build another monument for greed and if you say , well , divided we fall to hell with all your rhetoric and your bloody whitewashed wall o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo babylon , the beautiful you whore family man he breaks his back from nine to five just to feed his family ` ` i would n't be much of a man , '' he says if i ca n't give them what they need and i watch him as he works think it must be a sin when he gives life all he 's got but it does n't give much back to him the kids are growing up he 's happy to see them strong his son and daughter get straight a 's but by now his wife is gone she wanted something more i guess more bread than he could bring in still he has nothing but love for her how the hell could she hate him ?
its like her own country house , or condominium , but with services , including the medical care she knows must soon come to dominate what s left of her life .
packing into the sierra canyons to camp in the truly lonely places , was getting to be too strenuous ; sometimes he felt the true solitude you could earn that way was not quite worth the agony of hauling a backpack 10 miles and two or three thousand feet up into the high country .
if she tilts her head back now , she can see clouds and a self - effacing little moon drifting in the blue june sky , along with faster - moving leafy trees , as dr . roger roars along the ambling country roads toward denton .
somewhere around raleigh , we took a sharp hook north and headed into gods country .
it was a pretty deep thought for a country boy turned soon - to - be college graduate .
i do nt know why i picked a country bumpkin playing doctor , like you .
i needed to get away from town for a little while anyway and a country drive would do me some good .
these country roads were unfamiliar to him this far away from town .
during his interactions with them via the jail and the courthouse , he treated them with an extra level of dignity that they were unaccustomed to from the country folk that lived around them .
the key word there is his peers , not the courts peers , but his , a simple , country gone city , young , black man .
you re such a country mouse !
i saw all of them all at once and then separately in what i would have to think now looking back on it would take foreverbut in what was then only a few moments ; at first , everyone i saw worked in fields , then in many offices both fancy and not , then in rural country storesall of them knowing each others work and understanding what it is to do it ; some of them were then angry at others yet some were then no longer angry at ones they had been angry atthough i did not understand why .
then , the person moved to a house in the country with a window nearly level with the land , but the mind would still say the same thing : jump jump - jump !
~ the next morning i walked to the mailbox , and noticed maria wore a black and orange do rag , the first of many costumes the bikers affixed onto her as she ascended into icon status both in the city of calistoga and in wine country .
i suppose you re right , although its just your opinion and you re observing our society from a bunker in the middle of the desert by television , but we just rode around the country , and we ve made some of our own discoveries .
he was obviously more used to country made liquor and presumably , the monk had already struck him hard .
chapter ten brackenshaw park , where the archery meeting was held , looked out from gentle heights over the valley to the eastern downs and the broad , slow rise of country hanging like a vast curtain toward the west .
there was a satirical light in gwendolens eyes as she looked toward the arrowpoint party , with its intense contrast between klesmer and the group of english country people .
catherines musical talent demanded every advantage ; and she desired to use her time in the country for study .
outside the gate the country , once entirely rural and lovely , now black with coal mines , was chiefly peopled by men with candles stuck in their hats , whose dark faces frightened the children at gadsmere mrs . glashers four beautiful children , who had dwelt there for three years .
gwendolen had turned with a changed glance when her mother said this ; it was during one of the long unaccountable pauses often experienced in foreign trains at some country station .
he said gently you will probably be soon going with mrs . davilow into the country .
but you , who might have the wide green country around you , find this a narrow prison .
he preferred a longer way that took him through small villages and down country lanes .
he was in a narrow country lane , hedgerow on both sides .
they also played some more up - to - date covers including recent chart hits by big country and u2 .
- theo 's plan for the following monday , the first day of the summer holiday - this estate agent - ing , sketching , drum - playing summer holiday - was to get up at 7 am , cycle out to the country ( taking his sleeveless white t - shirt with him in order to get the tops of his arms brown should it be sunny ) , sketch scenes of rural life until lunchtime , come back home , have lunch and then practice the steal guitars set list in the afternoon .
he was sure that he would be able to get up early tomorrow and make it out in to the country .
once this had been done , he decided that now really was the time to get out into the country and sketch .
hartham park was a georgian country house in extensive grounds .
what he loved about sketching was its free - form nature ; that he could just go out on his bike , travel the country lanes and stop and sketch on a whim .
they passed the turning for the racecourse and took the next right , which took them down a narrow country lane .
he waited until after the song was over to change it to the country station .
fields , a church , some houses , dirt , and a cultish environment stand guard all around , a place where the gods were mechanized beasts called tractors , that jamie had only heard of in that robert redford movie and a country song fetishizing it on the radio one time on the way in to town .
the gym was barren on the inside and sparsely populated , with a bored dj playing that tractor - sex country song over and over again .
but the walls were a different color , and the country bumpkin knick- knacks had all been changed .
when a country artist needed a weeping child for their music video , sandy was there with brandon .
chris , a country music fan to the core , ejected the cassette after goodnight lovers finished playing , without giving wendy so much as a warning glance .
the old country and all that ?
you never hear him speaking of the old country or of when his parents or grandparents came to america .
flames smoldered all over the map , in big cities and country crossroads .
this was nt a country road .
she had half succeeded in keeping her anxieties somewhat below the surface during her extended stay at the country house and all that had happened since .
and if she did nt have her head in the oven , she had the radio on , listening to country and western songs of loss and failure , crying over her life , which disappointed her as if it were some shabby thing she inherited and not something she had to make for herself .
his doctor , however , had a golf date for saturday at an exclusive country club he was trying to join .
sterlings parents , according to the boy , still had the mentality of old country arrivals , indeed just like his grandparents on his mothers side .
ole shine told me every morning of his wonderful country breakfasts .
chapter eleven my parents drove me out for a last visit to the country .
three ( 3 ) wolfman jack who we tried to find on the radio dial , coming across the desert night sky , and the endless search for reception on the radio through static , and the practice of speedy gonzalez for junior high talent show that meredith and charlaine are obsessed with , the night sky and red lights on the skyline country club , children offer their theories of what the three red lights are from ( 4 ) catholic youth organization dances where we pick up meredith and charlaine in the dusty dark and confusion of teenagers driving away wildly .
army group b under fedor von bock , composed of 29 divisions including three armored , was tasked with advancing through the low countries and luring the northern units of the allied armies into a pocket .
the french forces in the north had three army groups : the second and the third defended the maginot line to the east ; the first army group under gaston - henri billotte was situated in the west and would execute the movement forward into the low countries .
fall gelb : low countries and northern france the north germany initiated fall gelb on the evening prior to and the night of 3 may 1940 .
maurice st . germain , an industrialist , manages to torch his zeitmesser fabrikat plant before he retreats to his country home in the valais canton .
i prefer good solid country , true american music , so before you get your high - falutin foreign attitude upas i m sure happened when you were all famous or whateverim going to warn you now not to .
the air in the cabin of the suv was foggy with cigarette smoke and fairly blaring with the simplistic ramblings of american country music .
why could nt you learn to fiddle to country music ?
they had been playing country music , and very loudly ; now it had gone abruptly silent save the noises of adults laughing hysterically .
somebody had cranked the volume of the stereo way , way up : it was nt country music any longer .
she continued moving along the piers never - ending length until the restaurant had dwindled to the size of a dollhouse left in the middle of a flooded country highway , the great cylindrical guard towers on either side of it looking like oversized grain silos , the great arch making them in turn appear ridiculous and insignificant .
a country song unexpectedly blared to life from an unseen corner in the back ; he had to raise his voice to speak over it .
the jukebox started playing another country song as he looked into her eyes .
i guess i could never buy the whole great bearded white guy living in a high - altitude exclusive country club story , who cared whether or not i flossed at night , or if i cussed , or cheated on my taxes , or did nt support the troops .
kokopoulos then journeyed to naqa , inland from meroe near the country palace of musauwarat .
up country the pori , or porini .
the talk of coffee led to questions about how things were up country , about the farms and about the mood of the farmers .
but with the money we made we went into the azeri country around us and bought animals , goats , and sheep , and brought them to the outskirts of town to fields that belonged to the father of one of the gang .
they would avoid the school part as much as possible and spent most of their days exploring the boundless country round and about on their bicycles .
( jozef was called bosco at his fathers place ; from the saying common amongst swags in the country kula wiya bosco , shauri la mosco .
the country music i had to endure blaring from his radio seemed a worthwhile trade - off for that .
on the radio a country singer wailed about his lost love .
jake cranked the engine , firing up his country musica taste he shared with kasey .
and then she had to have enough to establish her mail - order herb business right there on jacobsons property ; that dream had kept her going through all these years of being a country girl transplanted into the big city .
she had never ridden in anything like his dark green machine : smooth , fast , absolutely solid , and noisy from the resistance of the air and the country music blaring on the radio .
that all of a sudden you ve decided i m not such a nave , stupid little prude , you re no longer in love with gail oneill , you re going to defy your mother and run off with a farmgirl from the boonies who would be laughed out of the country club if i showed up there , after that fiasco with tank ?
it was not country chic , did not even reach the level of genteel poverty shed expected .
~~~~*~~~~ dane eyed lyssa surreptitiously as he drove with her beside him , jostling over the rough country road toward elysian fields .
he would need to be close to the office , but lyssa , after having experienced both city and country , was tired of the teeming confines of phoenix and the whole metropolitan amoeba .
he tells us that saltwater indigenous mobs have a particular relationship to country and sea : when i talk about country i mean the oceanour sea country that provides so much of the resources we still depend upon for our wellbeing , and which covers the submerged lands that bear the footprints of our ancestors .
surfers in this era described their type of surfing as country soul with its emphasis on a rural lifestyle , an idyll so beautifully evoked in alby falzon and dave elphicks morning of the earth ( 1972 ) .
australian country soul surfing , however tended to emphasise political issues such as anarchism , anti - capitalism , individualism , anti - development , and ecology21 despite these radical political ideas , australian surfing values were predominantly based upon masculinity , lad culture and mateship .
soon , i would join the daily regiment that headed to the city , briefcase and umbrella in hand , to keep the suburbs in garden gnomes , welcome doormats and nostalgic country ornaments .
she glanced around at theporcelain ornaments of country people on horses .
i m in the suburbs because i like totravel about the country .
the rest of my time is dividedbetween the city and the rest of the country .
you do nt have to leave the country to seedifferent things .
we ve just been driving through the country .
the presence of suburbanites reading newspapers or staring blanklythrough the carriage window was steadily replaced by a broadermix , representing the peoplewho live in the country .
the composition of passengerschanged as the train stopped , paused and then moved on again fromrustic country station platforms .
the boy sniffed unenthusiastically.im just pleased to get away from the country .
the years goby and the village and the country just remain the same .
in onepart of the country the roads are metalled and well - signposted , but as soon as your car enters another borough , the dualcarriageway abruptly becomes a pot - holed dirt - track .
and as well as the city i ve been to the country , and what could be more of a contrast .
the suburbs may be dull , but so too is the country !
she must be from the country dressed like that .
you ca nt get away from it here any more than you can in the country .
i m sure people will take advantage of the fact that i m a country girl .
the names gave me no doubt that this was where in the city there was most wealth : the country and city first agricultural bank , the national & provincial assurance society and the bank of the new canine republics .
i guess you must come from the country .
you come from the country do nt you ?
beyond the country .
he does nt come from the country , does he ?
people are flooding into the city from the country every day .
there s so much more here than in the country .
you blinking yokels , you come from the blooming country and all you can flipping well do is flipping complain .
blinking ingrates , you country people .
if it was nt for us in the city working hard and making money all you country people would know it .
especially to someone like you , who i surmise comes from the country .
the city council says that if life in the city was any more attractive than it is , it would simply encourage yet more people out of the country and condemn them to homelessness and despair in a city unable to cope with the numbers already here .
much as i enjoy being in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the city , i much prefer the country where the air is fresh and where people have more time for company .
however , i spend a great deal of time in the country - as i do in the city - and it worries me how the country can survive as it is for very much longer .
and as long as those in the city remain so apparently wealthy ( even if their money buys so little ) then those living in the country will feel increasing resentment .
perhaps , if were discussing the city and the country , we should be in the geography department rather than the physical sciences .
there s an awful lot of country .
were on a search for the truth which took me to the party at which i met you and has since taken me across the country to the city .
i d never seen a woman like her before , though of course she would nt look at all out of place in the city , nor indeed in most of the country .
and when i look at the guys here who ca nt get nothing for thousands of guineas in the city , but are as rich as heck in the country , and all your beggars ... well , there ai nt no comparison .
the country ca nt afford the expense of motorway construction , hubert explained .
we got the cd in the old country .
we were quite definitely in the country .
its a goddamn shame we got ta drop you and your friends out here in the country , but there ai nt nothing we can do about it !
exclaimed hubert drawing in a deep breath of country air , as we stood on a hill overlooking fields and moorland .
for far too long the country has been neglected , and only the red party , and perhaps the green party , has ever explicitly endorsed a policy to redress the balance between the city and the country .
how can that be true of you country people , living here in the midst of such plenty , generated from the wealth of the soil ?
you gentlemen have such fanciful ideas of how good life is for us in the country .
we might enjoy living in the country , and this is where we have chosen to live , but we want practical help .
our produce is made and sold at country prices , not city prices .
the red party promise to reward us better for our labours and to even the score more in country folks favour .
but that is nt what us country folk find attractive about the red party .
what matters is that they provide us with stable markets for our produce , an incentive to farm and sell , and do nt treat us like country bumpkins with no nonce nor sensitivity .
political ideology is not what concerns us country folk .
do these country people not see that the interests of the traditional proletariat constituency of the red party and those of the peasant will inevitably clash ?
but are nt the people who work in the country much the same as those in the city , argued beta .
however many trillions of guineas people may have in the city , it is they who are poor to be deprived of all this beauty , and we in the country who are truly rich .
i thought we d have got away from the illicit party in the country !
we skirted up the valley side towards a stile that entered into the wood , marked by a painted yellow arrow for the benefit of country ramblers .
chapter 23 psychologically and physically exhausted , we finally came within a furlong of the suburbs , which stretched ahead of us as we mounted the ridge that hid the country from the suburbs and its people .
that is because you are a country girl , explained the artist .
she pointed at some coarsely sprayed graffiti across a series of sketches of country scenes .
she had come from the country and had galloped to the art gallery for shelter .
schools are scattered about thinly in the country , and they travel there each day by bus .
probably back to the country .
totally unsuited for country roads .
but its not often you see such large pachyderms driving around in the country .
it was as if they were on a day out in the country , rather than in the midst of the catastrophic annihilation of the suburbs .
` ` is that doctor philip manner , a country doctor who died ... commited suicide , in ... uh , 1917 ? ''
when someone reported cars heading out towards dune , he immediately left for the country road .
it seemed that many of her neighbours had moved to the city , leaving their country homes for the realtors to sell .
` ` been out of the country ... saved a little money ... seven years on the force you know .
each evening after dinner she would go on long walks , along the country roads which surrounded the farm , pausing to pick wildflowers , listening to the sound of jays and watching the purple martins swooping over the fields .
stopping to adjust his tie in the window of a shop , he absentmindedly whistled a song that was sweeping the country , its lyrics as simple as the tune .
she ran all over campus and then expanded to the streets of the small town and then to the country roads .
we live only five miles out in the country , so it does n't take long .
bring a .22 and we 'll go to the country , shoot rabbits by spotlight .
` ` in my jeep , we can go across country , raise a little hell like lenny and i used to do .
i ' ve never gone out in the country at night to have fun , and with the faint lights of houses are far in the distance , seems a little lonely .
we cut across country , bouncing around so bad i ' m thinking i ca n't stay in my seat long .
we get in the jeep again , and he takes off across country , trying to run 'em down .
in the country they 're all laid out north - south , east - west , so that helps some , but robertson boulevard is off at an angle and does n't quite fit .
but when i am driving home , coming out of town , as soon as i hit the city limits and start into the country , the boulevard turns even more south , and there 's just no reason for that .
so i go left , and we 're heading out into the country , but just on the other side of the bridge over the ash slough , she tells me to turn right on a dirt road .
i make a left on robertson , head out further into the country .
i wish i was n't even here with this herd of kids and that i was off on a country road somewhere with her in the backseat of my chevy .
come on , asshole , get a car , out in the country , right now , you and me , pretty boy .
a country store just down the lane .
this old country road is full of large puddles , sometimes so deep they slow the car and send out spray on both sides .
maybe after i kill charles , i 'll skip the country , go to texas or some place like that where there 's lot of outlaws and open space .
so the sheep 's running down the aisle , headed for open country , and we 're all after him , steven shouting , ` ` come back , lambchops , '' but a woman with a little girl coming down the aisle heads him off .
i drove around in the country for a while , went up to raymond to get a look at the foothills that have all turned green .
i like flat country .
lunker grinned , wheeled around , and headed into the sage and brush on the west side of the road into the tall timber and rough country ; his arms wide and a loud yell issued from him .
their dust was minimum and their trail was in country where even good indian trackers might have difficulty following them .
he s been left by person jasper in the custody of some back country lawman .
two days later , rested , refreshed , and ready to ride , they mounted and loped off into the montana country .
elizabeth said she loved the country .
when they stopped that night , in the far lands of the high country , silence filled the air .
he holed up here waitin for time to pass to get out of the country when your sheriffs kin caught this ` desperado and ... . she did nt get to finish as conroy cried , ` desperado ?
las man thar died uner a horse in the high country , one of the men said leaving the premonition to dancer .
angus freeman and edward oconnor walked their animals easily into the back country west of elk city .
by early evening of that day shed travelled beyond the mountain range and was in country so flat with trees so low that when she turned on her heel that night , she saw the entire circle of the horizon spinning by .
they drove cross - country far from the road , over spiky blonde spinifex and deep water course ditches , beyond an outcrop of orange rocks and then , suddenly in front of them , smiling at the sky , gleamed a narrow stretch of water .
the rest all had ski coats or vests ; some had rainbow patterns , while others had country yokes and pearl buttons .
while he did nt speak directly about his own sex life , because it would have raised more eyebrows than a hooker at a country club , brad was as frank and as honest as he could be under the circumstances .
at that years school camp , where we slept in tents by a country lake and learned to waterski during the days , i d gone along with other boys to matt bianchis tent to examine by torchlight the forbidden treasure of a pair of magazines from his fathers collection .
nor , as it turned out , was he here , in the country .
cover photo by the author circa 1962 also by herb blanchard published at smashwords an okinawan affair shuri gate struggles of a country boy my life before & without boomers & yuppies coming soon deployment vietnam part 2 dedication this book is dedicate to the officers and men i served with in the us navy seabees .
since brad was the one going into vc country , i decided i would tell him that suzie and i were thinking it was very possible you were pregnant .
looking closer and deeper into the country side he started to see bomb craters .
but he did it with a mine he found or bought out in the country .
he s a country boy who feels comfortable here and in the dark .
morgan would be an easy one to dominate , as he was new to the school and to the country .
i miss the place terribly , particularly the sea and being out in the country .
where had he heard that southern , country drawl before ?
turns out she ca nt stand country music .
now i m here in this big old house all alone , livin the story line from a country music song .
danny got himself into a mismatched marriage by thinking with his head , as well as other body parts , and fulfilling the life of the country music star that his ego and society expected of him .
there s a good old country breakfast waiting for us inside .
this was hill country , not the flat , rich midwest ground he had known as a child .
jamie obliged , delighting them with an eclectic mix of songs that included yellow submarine , johnny cashs hit ring of fire , and several songs by legendary country singer tim mcgraw .
at the chamber or kiwanis or country club , he heard over and over what ingrates the uneducated masses working at the plant were .
when elizabeth and jon returned from meetings with the priest , the caterer and the undertaker , they were struck by how much the rooms looked like a cozy country inn .
cross country , the division finalsremember ?
makes me think about how much i miss the country , she said .
i list out my requirements and the rest of our dealings are the normal ones of a country shop .
this was nt the kind of bar he was used tono country music , pool tables or any other stumbling drunks .
it was some kind of country gospel by a group called daniel amos .
what about the two priests that are chasing me around the country ?
it was difficult to see his face but i could hear him well in the country quiet .
unlike the longs with their hour - long bus route ( for he had caught that part of mrs ls interview ) he and the waiting constable were now heading at pace along broad roads and out into open country .
we had had the house in the country a long while , lost down lanes and hidden by hedges , as alexs mother used to say , god rest her .
we might be up country , but we have big city amenities . ''
two years ago , they moved their business and most of its eighty employees to northern segovia county to enjoy the beauty , clean air and lower real estate costs of the gold country .
from somewhere behind the house they could hear country music .
moffat described the murder scene , identification of the cause of death and surprising discovery - phoned to him on the way to the country club -- of an illegal drug in the victims blood sample .
employed by gold country savings & loan , teller .
i was pretty young but i remembered driving out into the country to buy a pup at a farm with a kennel .
nothing done in secret is a british - style mystery set in the small towns and vineyards of californias picturesque gold country .
the look and feel of country comfort continued into her office where instead of a desk she had a slab from a 250 year old alligator oak tree , cut and polished after it bit the dust in a huge wind storm some years back .
i had a tee time of 10:30 out at the country club .
the wife , discovering his philandering ways , took a gun to the country club , shot up his mercedes , poured a gallon of red paint on the hood , and prepared to turn her gun on monique , when security arrived .
fred and oriole locked up their service pieces , washed up , and joined the family in the oversized country kitchen .
and rollo , my old fat friend ... you ve enjoyed the families protection in the past ... now its time to take back the control ... time to take the place that was intended for us to take ... we will be strong we will be proud we will be in charge again ... . as they set around the table exchanging stares and quick words , the room oscillated with smoke and whispers ... old age style , old country ethics , an era almost left behind by times march , and now a new fervor arose amongst the ancient connections ...
vivienne banks had purchased a slap - up lunch at an extremely upmarket country hotel on the friday banks was entertaining his cronies before leaving for london .
we ve got evidence that you actually spent the night at the same country hotel as mrs banks .
they decided on a remote , small country restaurant .
it was on a long country road between corbridge and ebchester .
that was why i met with him at the country hotel that evening .
we know that vivienne banks was with doyle on that friday night at a country hotel , and although she told us that she was at home all day on saturday 3rd november , and claimed she got drunk and did nt wake up until sunday afternoon , we ca nt fully confirm the last part of her alibi .
these were the men and women who supplied the goods and services that made every city and town in the country work .
he placed a really low - ball bid on a tennis racket and four lessons at a country club .
he was probably the only person in the room who did n't belong to a country club .
the other thing a lot of them do is to join a country club .
a lot of those buckhead folks are a whole lot more active in their country clubs than they are in their churches .
he did both of those things the way he learned in the old country aurelio was born in the u. s. and has lived in south florida for way , way too long .
my next door neighbor heard it from the masseuse at the country club .
go to a movie , join a country club , i do nt know .
you re going to regret choosing this ... this country boy over me .
i glanced sideways at cooper to see how he took the country boy comment and saw that he looked more amused than anything .
marcus woke to find himself lying by the side of a cart track in the country .
thanking him , and taking her books to a desk she thought a polite distance away , cori lost herself in images of coiffured men in gowns and tweeded ladies from the pages of country life .
i could not decide if it was gospel gone - country , country gone - pop or simply a bad collection of elevator noise .
i could not decide if it was gospel gone - country , country gone - pop or simply a bad collection of elevator noise .
he had a country voice , groomed by being raised on the farm listening to western music on the radio .
rough country .
the griddle is one of my favorites , just a country style diner with good coffee , a homey atmosphere , and predictable people .
i keep a pair of walking shoes and a water bottle in my car so i drove right from the detectives office to a quiet country road at the edge of town and took an hour for a power walk .
the hours spent puttering around my home , in my back yard , and hiking down country roads , could have bored someone else to tears .
before making that call i took one of my long country walks and did some hard thinking .
there i took a prolonged bath , absently checked the seven channels provided on the television , and thumbed through an issue of country magazine .
i drew an extra blanket around me to serve as a bathrobe and went out to sit in the country night .
there had been frost the night before , but now the sun was warm and i found my way to a solitary country road where i could hike and think .
the last twenty miles , on a picturesque local road to the country town of bertha , i breathed easy at last .
it is nt very far to my uncles , he told me as we left coventry behind a little later , but i thought you might like to travel a few of the country roads better .
she knew they were headed out of the country saturday night .
abby kissed the top of sams head and with her indian country today newspaper from south dakota tucked under one arm , went upstairs to bed .
it was out in the country on two hundred acres of peaceful streams and wooded meadows .
' i think also that the probability is in favour of her being a country practitioner who does a great deal of her visiting on foot . '
the woman is certainly a country practitioner .
' i can only think of the obvious conclusion that the woman has practised in town before going to the country . '
we believe there has been a change from a town hospital to a country practice .
' now , you will observe that she could not have been on the staff of the hospital , since only a woman well - established in a london practice could hold such a position , and such a one would not drift into the country .
' no mention of that local hunt , watson , ' said holmes with a mischievous smile , ' but a country doctor , as you very astutely observed .
it is my experience that it is only an amiable woman in this world who receives testimonials , only an unambitious one who abandons a london career for the country , and only an absent - minded one who leaves her stick and not her visiting - card after waiting an hour in your room . '
the appearance of our visitor was a surprise to me , since i had expected a typical country practitioner .
it was a sweet , simple country spot , but i was surprised to observe that by the gate there stood two soldierly women in dark uniforms , who leaned upon their short rifles and glanced keenly at us as we passed .
rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us , and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage , but behind the peaceful and sunlit country - side there rose ever , dark against the evening sky , the long , gloomy curve of the moor , broken by the jagged and sinister hills .
it is asking much of a wealthy woman to come down and bury herself in a place of this kind , but i need not tell you that it means a very great deal to the country - side .
but my tastes led me to explore every part of the country round , and i should think that there are few women who know it better than i do . '
' it was in the north country .
the woman is a striking - looking fellow , very well equipped to steal the heart of a country boy , so that this theory seemed to have something to support it .
' you would have thought the middle of that prairie a fairly safe place for a woman to be private , ' said she , ' but , by thunder , the whole country - side seems to have been out to see me do my wooing -- and a mighty poor wooing at that !
it is suggestive that during the last three years there have been four considerable burglaries in the west country , for none of which was any criminal ever arrested .
cartwright had come down with me , and in her disguise as a country girl she was of great assistance to me .
i have an assignment for you that will take you cross country .
we were headed toward the napa valley , wine country .
` ` new winery 's are spreading all over the country , '' handel informed us as we slowed to turn into the long gravel driveway .
` ` this is wine country , you know .
a perfect night in wine country .
except for the dj on the radio , yapping in between sets of country music , no words had been spoken since yesterday afternoon .
i assumed he was going out of the country again , perhaps on an extended trip to some exotic place .
whether an early morning commuter heading to the city or a lonesome trucker crossing the country with a full load , the sound was a wake - up call to my senses .
sorry , jim , but its a dry country , no pun intended .
my favorite form of relaxation is taking long drives in the country .
it 's a bed and breakfast and spa out in the country .
trust me , mom , i ' ve heard enough of the buzz going around this town for the last few weeks to know that i want to be out in the country today .
they live in the country .
he could have easily headed back to california or skipped the country .
` ` i may be a country bumpkin , but i do know how to call a cab .
by the way , our 1 % commission is a cool $ 4.4 million ; not a bad weekends work for a small - town country boy .
chris ignored kens small - town country boy description ; she knew better .
chapter 2 par 4 , 430 yards dinner at the country club the sleek , 38 fiberglass cigarette racing boat , equipped with 750 horsepower twin chiefs engine , glided smoothly across the calm seas and warm , tropical atlantic waters .
only trouble was those meetings were held in bed or in the back of dougs town and country van , with the seats removed .
that s the man that jim shot , anton galan from basque country .
chapter 24 monte carlo the clay court season the monte carlo country club sits on a hilltop above the opulent city offering a magnificent view of the mediterranean .
the country club is in roguebrune - cap - martin , a small town situated on the principalitys eastern border .
the five friends from basque country went over their assignments .
you re going country like me , and i love it .
now , 27 is primarily a two - lane country road and a good part of it goes through a very rural setting .
instead , she does her illustration on vinyl , then she and her friends place it on a dark country road .
caught a nice gig sunday eveninga rock and bluegrass pick - up band jamming way out in the country somewhere .
take a ride out into the country some day .
he brought their aron kodesh over from the old country .
the building had been one of their churches , before we came over from the old country . ''
i live in buffalo trails country club off of tylersville road .
when i opened its rusty door , the radio was blasting a country song where the soloist screamed an anthem to hate women forever .
oscar then informed me that frank picked a bicycle worth at least $ 800 last night from heritage country club .
valley consisted of several country clubsplus our defunct oneand various private estates .
i liked country music , but it was nt my go - to genre .
some country singer wailing his tale of woe enticed him into taking a table in a darkened corner .
skipping the country , huh ?
but , most important , he suddenly remembered , was the country show report to write for the mid - northumberland reporter , the local paper , that he had promised for the following morning .
but this week he had delivered his copy to the office , a nice little piece on the cancelled school fair ; budget cuts and industrial unrest were rearing their heads in this idyllic country community .
the original plan had been to wait for two of dales trucks to arrive back some time during the day , they were being followed up the country , then they were going to turn him over .
once clear of the city he was able to navigate slowly across country , but it was too slow for his liking .
bernie was a minder for some london mob moving drugs into the country who took over dales firm , if you did nt know .
chapter ten sarah had decided to try walters country kitchen at the big chill for lunch .
there was a story from the country paper out of dunnborne .
but dunnborne did have a small country newspaper which had a reputation for printing all the local gossip .
he entertained himself by watching bad tv on an old wood paneled set and listened to the worst of country and western because it was the only thing on the radio that was nt spanish or a preacher telling us how god was going to fuck us all over in ways described in the back of the bible unless we picked up that phone and sent money .
the cab started to smell like a country club lounge as julian started yelling at the driver over his choice of music on the stereo .
there was some atrocious country music playing and a fly buzzing around .
` ` mom was a good little hippie girl , just happy to hitchhike around the country with dad and be a part of the love generation .
' and of course a lot of people would like to be more active in the evenings , after work , and we could run chess clubs and scottish country dancing classes for them .
there 's a country park about there now .
by the time the first of may rolled around there would be enough flowers to make any brit think she 'd walked straight into an english country garden .
she said life in the country was boring , and refused to move into the apartment aunt vi and uncle henry remodeled for her from their detached garage -- the one they now rented to paul .
aunt vi was busy in the big country kitchen , pinching a fluted edge on a pie -- strawberry and rhubarb , if i was n't mistaken .
i felt like a really bad country western song .
for all the miserable talk of my city peers in regards to the country and its backward ignorance , i must say i would prefer it to the greasy hordes of london , where death is as common as every chiseled tombstone , forty of which pile upon the cemeteries every day .
i have seen with my own eyes dr . grey 's comparison of country healthy pink lungs alongside the donated lungs of a man who smoked heavily and worked at the belching coal - driven textile factory at the dock .
we were riding in the dark recesses of dr . grey 's coach , the silent coachman taking us to our destination outside of the city limits , the dirt and damp of the air clearing as we headed into a more country setting .
you will never have a wife if this is your version of a romance in the country air ! ''
my journey took me past the hungry , grey skinned creatures that hovered on that great city 's periphery , a layer of human filth , death and decay that had long since forgotten what it was to sit beneath the healthy shade of a country tree , or to take one 's sustenance from a healthy lake .
that one out in the country and the other one on the east side ?
i ' ve got a few notches left for stupid country boys who ca n't read stop signs ! ''
under her scrutiny i felt like a country bumpkin in my blue summer dress with the white flowers and my little white bolero , although i had been perfectly happy in them for the whole day up to that point .
speaking like a man who had been blackballed from their country club , he dismissed authors of literary novels as purveyors of social and emotional hypocrisy .
john hersey certainly a member of that country club of respected authors observed , imaginative literature comes closer than any other to being able to give an impression of truth .
saturday was the end of two weeks heat without a break and people were irritated with it and anxious to get out of town , although the country was just as hot .
i m cock - eyed , and i never expected to be taking suggestions from a steer in harness , muttered dave glennan , but we might take a drive in the country .
possessed of these ideas , he retired to a country house on the banks of the euphrates .
a pair of down - at - heel slippers dear to the country printer completed his negligee .
when i returned to colorado and city life , i knew they d be better off in the country since they were used to a bigger area to roam than my train yard in town could provide .
from the photos , he looked like a good ol country boy in a bolo tie that the articles reported as retired from the day - to - day workings of the company .
in his photo , phillip did not look like a country boy , but rather a sophisticated wheeler - dealer in an italian suit .
it was nt far to my house , just down a country road or two , but i had enough time to think about carol griffins opinion that all that had happened was just coincidence .
i steered west up i-70 to the country tunes of the mavericks , through the eisenhower tunnel at the continental divide , and down the long , steep hill toward silverthorne , coasting with the sweet hawaiian harmonies of hapa .
so i switched past kathy matteas 455 rocket , a country rockin number that always seemed to give me a lead foot , to more mellow tunes , and meandered my mature way past mendanales as the shadows were beginning to lengthen across the highway .
we think he s out of the country , probably china .
after that , i let it shuffle between synth - driven berlin , buoyant indian bliss of ratnabali , tenor placido domingo , and the hard country beat of kathy mattea ; and enjoyed the drive home , and my own personal epiphanies .
at first there was the country club to attend to , then after your father went away there was nt much time between slaving like a common wife and running this house without my maid .
bethanys eyes stained ahead , but there was only an endless country road , lined with apple trees for as far as the lights would illuminate .
yeah , the kind who hike across the country and do anything for money .
she had to wonder what goes on here in the country .
we have accidents out here in the country , too .
when she stepped off the front porch , she realized how truly dark it was out there in the country .
the trip here kept replaying in his mind and the part where he d actually gotten lost on the back country roads nagged constantly at his ego .
her mind swirled with questions as she walked through the house , but when she stepped out the back door into the fresh country air , she felt freedom from her previous life .
do you remember how she would dress up when she went out to that country club ?
after all , shed seen many people run the country stop signs and live to tell .
as the country music tune continued to blare , delaney did nt move a muscle .
there was no way shed miss his car , parked off the shoulder of the country road .
clem drove toward town but turned off on a country road before making it to the official town limits .
hugging country roads with his precision vehicle , he almost wished he had a squad car on his tail .
chapter 3 carina 's home was about a mile inland , in a far ritzier part of town than i can afford , just past the outer edge of the northeast quadrant of the city , where trees covered more ground than the buildings and all the roads were paved , where increasing numbers of country villas were replacing the old farms , driving the farmers further out .
chapter 4 i sat back , enjoying the ride , watching the intense green of the fields in spring roll past my window while the clean , fresh , country air rolled in the window .
the heart of sonoma countys wine country .
each dwelling was placed so that their owners had an unobstructed view of their own personal slice of wine country paradise .
a prayer card with the address of a church on it , you know how religious these old country beaners are .
the spot hadin fewer than twenty - four hoursreturned to what it was , an insignificant site on a lonely country road .
colin liked the new young country music guys .
riffs from a country song eddie could nt recognize sounded sporadically from the bottom of the hill , near that godamn christmas tree farm .
darrens gon na show me around the vineyards and give me a little insiders tour of sonoma county wine country , said colin .
they shuffled through the bar and out into cloudless , perfect , september wine country weather .
apparently , the prestige vehicle up here in wine country was a seventy thousand dollar turbo diesel , four - by - four mini - monster truck that you really did nt need .
he was at home up here in wine country and wanted to stay .
while we ve all been slumming in wine country , said darren , apparently colin and his marine corps buddies have been making the world safe for democracy and the interests of big oil .
the only one who worked for me around here was that damned , big old country boy , bubba .
it did nt particularly matter that the magazine was called texas country gardener or that he was holding it upside down .
i notice that your accent goes country when you want it to , sheriff john remarked , folding his massive arms across his chest .
she had been playing in a bridge tournament at the country club .
or worse yet , gator bait at some exclusive country club golf course .
if you want my advice , i sincerely point out , learn by my mistakes and if you must live in france then choose brittany or peter mayle country in provence , as they have more to offer .
all run - down of course but , with a little imagination , some hard work and a basic understanding of french bureaucracy you could end up with a stunning house in beautiful and unspoiled country .
when i was sixteen years old and during one of the many , many incidents of trial separation that seemed to resolve the various rows , i went to visit my uncle in the west country .
no more setting fire to poppy fields or third - world country drug refineries .
we are all here with peter in a big house in the country and there s horses in a big field next door and peter said we can go and feed them tomorrow .
it would have looked more at home in a country cottage than a psychiatrist 's office in holborn .
i understand you 're right out in the country .
stuffy , country cottage atmosphere which he felt put patients at ease .
or perhaps it was all just a replica , a home away from home modelled on the buckinghamshire country house he 'd left his wife in their divorce settlement six years previous .
' they were driving out of marseille into the country , and they got into an argument .
it was a narrow country lane , and after another two hundred yards or so , eyran asked him to stop again .
two days before , when he 'd first made the drive , he 'd kept a discreet distance from the alfa romeo all the way from marseille , especially on the quieter country road .
if he 'd actually gone through with the murder , he would have probably killed duclos straight after collecting the money ; followed him out into the country lanes beyond aubagne , pulled up alongside at the first deserted crossroads , pumped two bullets through duclos head , and drove on .
nice house in the country .
' i did n't know you were a country lover , ' chapeau commented , his breath showing on the cool damp air .
what if she were the sort who went for a house in the country , husband , kids and a mortgage ?
a jigsaw of a country scene in four hundred pieces in his hand .
it was almost like living in the country .
they were of the type frequently found in country parks , rectangular with bench seats and built all in one piece , so nobody could move or walk off with a bench .
on the other hand , she liked genuinely mediaeval music and instruments especially as a background to thinking out a puzzle - and then she liked nice , beaty country and western music when she was doing housework .
chapter 4 : tuesday 14th august ( am ) tuesday morning might well have been a country and western music morning for the drive to work , but millicent was n't really in the mood for music of any kind .
i ' ve put out an interest report , so everyone in west yorkshire police is looking for it and the report will show up whenever there 's any computer enquiry about the vehicle , anywhere in the country , but it has n't turned up .
chapter 10 : thursday 16th august ( am ) millicent wove through the traffic to the accompaniment of the driving country beat of mi vida loca , driving like the singer 's boyfriend - as if she were herself a little mad .
running roughly parallel to it , winding along the edge of the moors , often with heather sweeping right down to the road on one side , and farm fields on the other , is a country lane .
along that country lane is a short string of stone built farms and houses and a pub that together make up burley woodhead .
until she had finished her meal and washed up it was quite definitely a country & western evening she ate to the accompaniment of dolly parton , don williams and mary chapin carpenter ; cleared the plates to loretta lynn and made a coffee to johnny cash .
the singers and the songs belonged largely to her teenage years , but her mother and brother had both been country and western music lovers and , though that part of her life was gone as surely as her life with carlos , the music remained .
nana , not wanting to seem old - fashioned , had confided to mesa about the audible sigh of relief from the country - club end of town when the oldest continuingly run brothel in the country had closed its doors in the spring .
nana , not wanting to seem old - fashioned , had confided to mesa about the audible sigh of relief from the country - club end of town when the oldest continuingly run brothel in the country had closed its doors in the spring .
they even wrote a country and western love song about him , for gods sake .
at first , the country song about him had inspired fan mail , and then the television movie spawned even more .
kathy looked up but said nothing and began reordering a stack of cds of female country music singers .
so chance was nt trying to be funny when he said someone had written a country song about austin .
canyonlands is rough country .
i do nt want to be driving across country worrying about what she might do .
he was taking his chances heading into the back country , thinking to lay low while the authorities concentrated their search along the interstates and the more populated urban areas .
the cloudless , cobalt skies were the ideal advertisement for big sky country .
entering the once quaint country kitchen , she saw the kitchen door and its frame were destroyed .
i d do it , but the way the country is these days , the place could go to hell in a hen basket by the end of the week .
boone hoped there were enough outsiders in the country for the locals not to stare or remember his face .
but he knew it would be easier for him to escape the country , if need be , than for delilah .
she had been in the country for a little over an hour and she was ready to leave .
and lay low until we can get back to the airfield and out of the country .
i 'll bet there just two or three of them in the country .
i flipped my blinker on and eased forward , stuck behind a town and country van loaded with a family from pennsylvania .
he was laid up with a broken leg , so jimmy withdrew for the remainder of the semester , bought a bus ticket , and rode across country to help out .
going out into the country to bury billy was impossible .
get a place out in the country away from all of this .
knight grew up in the big sky country of south eastern montana and north central wyoming .
i am - was - probably the best smithy and metalworker in the whole of the city , of the country perhaps .
at first the country was the foothills of the mountains proper to the south - east of us but as i left them behind the countryside was increasingly flat , with gentle undulations and more trees .
the road crossed a motorway and went through attractive , undulating country for somewhat less than twenty miles .
they had been barely two hours on the road : at first only a country lane through farmland and then the main cadiz - algeciras road , level and fairly straight .
the accident rate is high in spain and spanish drivers have their faults , but ignoring a ' no overtaking ' sign on a country road is not usually one of them .
tom answered , trying to pay attention to the coach and not the tall , skinny , polo shirt wearing , rich country club going , daddys perfect little guy with his own spare key to daddys liquor cabinet and x - rated video collection guy standing next to him .
and if i was nt there he would walk out the door looking like a country french restaurant with a blue suit and bright yellow tie and i finally looked up and swallowed the rest of it before i came off as a total idiot , finishing my ramble off with a sorry little shrug .
he was heading out on the cross the country tour he and mom always planned on taking .
he handed her the plate of ham and bread , and held up the paper bag , i ' m an old country boy .
she explained to andrews that her only experience of bev handling a claim locally was a terrible ordeal which left bev so stressed out she became ill , and emily had to leave the house and spend some time in the country .
the girl was country to the core .
this is all a bit heavy for a country lad who grew up outside of manchester .
the police figured he picked them up at some country store during his trip .
` ` like a british country squire ?
inhaling the fragrant aroma of good coffee , she reveled in the beauty of a country sunrise .
* * * * arden had never seen a road or country like it .
so , l.a . woman , does that sound like an evening that would interest you , or are you too citified for us country folks ?
gone was happy - go - lucky country boy who d blushed like an adolescent when shed won him a stuffed bunny on the midway .
a local country radio station was semi - blaring from a boom box .
he was full of this rugged , country decency .
and as for his brother , i thought thorne was country perfect at the same time as being drastically naive .
' that 's what country boys are meant to do , right ? '
retiring to a country palace like this was the number one dream of most of the city slickers i knew .
' right , you 're not going to drive away in your big old country truck as soon as i turn my back on you ? '
a stool branden found on the side of the road , dinged and chewed on , and an old chair upholstered with frayed and tired country french fabric offer enough warm up material .
the exterior is painted a country cottage blue .
and what do you know , the country theme extends into the house .
should nt you have better taste than where country decor goes to decompose ?
pearl estates is quiet , most peaceful neighborhood in the country probably .
to be fair , my gripes are with the awful paint color , wallpaper borders , lace window treatments , and country theme .
i put on country , the ruckus kind that inspires sexy smiles and waving arms .
i should have noticed first thing how different the place looks , especially considering all the grief i gave them for the country - gone - wrong interior design .
at the ohio high school cross country championships his junior year he finished fifth .
he was one of the senior captains and the sixth man on their squad , one of the best high school cross country teams in ohio .
were the best damn cross country team in the state of ohio .
` ` i ' ve got an incredible schemeone that will go down in the annals of ohio valley cross country history .
` ` i went head to head with the whole glass city cross country team . ''
most of the kids on the cross country team are going to the bella via in elm grove .
she is not only a pale rider , but she is also a talented distance runner and member of our fledgling gals cross country team , i said .
cross country meets resembled carnivals .
a cross country team consists of five to seven runners .
as i understand it , in order to persuade her to go a bit further than usual , he promised to marry the lady this coming saturday thinking he d be safely out of the country .
if this weather keeps up , we wo nt be taking much money this week , said gia , her sharp london accent contrasting the soft extended consonants of her west country friends .
the country lanes are too narrow .
they re just country bobbies , they do nt have much crime to deal with down here .
those up country folks , she chuckled .
until now , bruce had exercised caution about whom he allowed to hear him speak , but he already sensed that these country creeps were nt going to back off without encountering a sobering shock to their sense of perception .
she kicked off her velvet - toed pumps and peeled off her panty hose , distracting steve with her muscular calves , honed on the tennis courts of la gorce country club .
she could play society wife with the white - shoe crowd at riviera country club , but i d known her too long .
do you like country music ?
i was raised on country .
his velvety , country voice had moved about the room , pierced through the noise and humbled the crowd .
his country style voice was that of a polished pearl .
a new country , twinkling , shooting star took off that friday night amongst the other country favorites .
a new country , twinkling , shooting star took off that friday night amongst the other country favorites .
his gospel songs brought in a little money for him to get by on but his heart was still country .
two months later , he knew what he had to do and that was to write and sing country .
however , it is apparent your heart is also in country .
lewis loved the lord but he missed country .
within two weeks after it was released , it went to number ten on the country chart and fifteen on the pop chart .
within four weeks , elaine was number one on the country chart and seven on the pop chart .
radio stations whin , wamg and other country stations around the country boosted his songs .
radio stations whin , wamg and other country stations around the country boosted his songs .
his music career had really taken off but he did nt forget everything the lord had done for him so he continued writing gospel hits along with country hits .
he , too , wanted to write and sing country music .
when he finished , daniel yelled out thank god we are country boys to the screaming crowd .
immediately , stone switched it back to a country music station and i looked at him in surprise .
prologue love seeks only love and a home in which to be loved is a saying attributed to the mysterious black prophets , a small group of white europeans who lived and died in peace with local tribesmen in a small village up country from the niger river delta in the old times .
tench had the impression most of these un experts probably had no heavy experience in africa either and discussed what they had learned mostly from books and a few quick visits in country .
a winding country road to the north and west of river sunday led to strakes estate .
its a simple country wine , made here in river sunday .
it was built centuries ago to look like the raised gardens in english country estates .
an old country doctors medical bag , from the age when doctors carried such and made house calls on their patients .
just sounds like that good ol ' time religiongod , country , and pass the collection plate .
circumstantial my country ass , boomed homer .
near kalaheo , we left the highway , following the rural road as it wound its way up into the high country .
about twenty minutes later , just after the forensics team arrived on the scene and exited their truck amidst a great deal of grumbling about the rough ride , goldie , liz , and i piled back into the police cruiser to start the journey back to the paved country road .
our husbands were members of the same country club ; we played doubles a few times .
i imagine her clientele would read like the rosters of the best country clubs in south florida .
but there she is , sitting in the front seat of her toyota , the window partly open and country music playing .
i m eighteen acres of wild country here with wild summer roses in my hair - that s neptunes car , i said in surprise .
snow still melted at the edges of the pleasant valley country clubs elegantly landscaped parking lot , but the white crystals had softened into a slushy , crunchy snow which would soon be gone .
one relative worked right here at the pleasant valley country club for a while before taking over the blue jay .
but no , we had lunch with him over a week ago at the pleasant valley country club .
if he was found to be doing unethical things it might not look good to the crowd at the country club .
he believed in god , country , and justice .
he d been a detective for more than 12 years , before that he patrolled the country side putting the bad guys in jail .
joans husband had skipped the country leaving her and her three kids without a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out .
chalcey entered the big country kitchen in a whirl , slamming down her back pack , throwing her coat on the closest chair , and yanking open the zero refrigerator .
` ` you ' ve been in the country long ?
benni started playing olde english morris tunes , and the people started holding hands , swirling each other round , in a disorganised attempt at a country dance .
that left the option of taking the train to the country and looking for a hiking trail in a cold rain .
but , of course , the country roads were like london streets , except with more mud and nobody to haul the horse products away every day or two .
he looked out the window , watching the country landscape go by .
in the last century it had grown from a country house with attached farm buildings to a place with a main street , a market square , and , since the railway had touched its northern edge , some new factories by the track .
ians retired now , and i wanted him to remember what sweet country air smells like .
thirty years before such administration as the city possessed had decided to change the rule requiring that the dead be buried only on church property , and seven large private cemeteries had been established in the surrounding country .
i have , therefore , carefully ( but not necessarily accurately ) translated the conversations of the characters in this book from the original anglo - cornish , angus and the mearns , ayrshire , belfast , berwickshire , black country , blackburn , bolton , bristolian dialect , brummie ( birmingham ) , buchan and aberdeenshire , burnley , caithness , cardiff , cardiff dialect , cheshire , cockney , cork , cornish , county durham , coventry , cumbrian , derry , donegal , dublin , dumfriesshire and thescottish borders , dunbartonshire , dundonian , east anglia , east midlands ( derby , east riding of yorkshire , easter ross and the black isle , esk , essaxon ( essex ) , estuary ( thames estuary ) , fylde , geordie , gower , guernsey english , highland english , home counties , cockney , inner city , inverclyde , irish travellers , isle of bute . , jersey english , kentish ( kent ) , kerry , kirkcudbrightshire and wigtownshire . , lanarkshire , lancashire , leicester and rutland , leinster , liddel water , limerick city , lincoln , northampton , liverpool and wigan , london , lothians , , mackem , manchester , mancunian , manx english , mid northern , mid ulster english , midlands , moray , multicultural london ( inner london ) , munster , newcastle upon tyne , norfolk , north east , north east central , north london , north northern , north riding of yorkshire , north wales , northumberland , northumbrian , nottingham ) , orkney and shetland , peeblesshire , pitmatic , potteries ( north staffordshire ) , preston , primarily , renfrewshire , scouse , sligo town , smoggie , south london . , south ulster , south wales , south west central west dumfriesshire , stoke - on - trent , suffolk , sunderland , sussex , teesside , telford ( east shropshire ) , teviot and the yarrow water , the black country , ulster scots connacht , waterford city , east perthshire , west , west country , west midlands , west riding of yorkshire , wexford town , wiltshire , and wolverhampton accents , as well as from cockney rhyming slang , into contemporary north american english for this novels intended readership .
i have , therefore , carefully ( but not necessarily accurately ) translated the conversations of the characters in this book from the original anglo - cornish , angus and the mearns , ayrshire , belfast , berwickshire , black country , blackburn , bolton , bristolian dialect , brummie ( birmingham ) , buchan and aberdeenshire , burnley , caithness , cardiff , cardiff dialect , cheshire , cockney , cork , cornish , county durham , coventry , cumbrian , derry , donegal , dublin , dumfriesshire and thescottish borders , dunbartonshire , dundonian , east anglia , east midlands ( derby , east riding of yorkshire , easter ross and the black isle , esk , essaxon ( essex ) , estuary ( thames estuary ) , fylde , geordie , gower , guernsey english , highland english , home counties , cockney , inner city , inverclyde , irish travellers , isle of bute . , jersey english , kentish ( kent ) , kerry , kirkcudbrightshire and wigtownshire . , lanarkshire , lancashire , leicester and rutland , leinster , liddel water , limerick city , lincoln , northampton , liverpool and wigan , london , lothians , , mackem , manchester , mancunian , manx english , mid northern , mid ulster english , midlands , moray , multicultural london ( inner london ) , munster , newcastle upon tyne , norfolk , north east , north east central , north london , north northern , north riding of yorkshire , north wales , northumberland , northumbrian , nottingham ) , orkney and shetland , peeblesshire , pitmatic , potteries ( north staffordshire ) , preston , primarily , renfrewshire , scouse , sligo town , smoggie , south london . , south ulster , south wales , south west central west dumfriesshire , stoke - on - trent , suffolk , sunderland , sussex , teesside , telford ( east shropshire ) , teviot and the yarrow water , the black country , ulster scots connacht , waterford city , east perthshire , west , west country , west midlands , west riding of yorkshire , wexford town , wiltshire , and wolverhampton accents , as well as from cockney rhyming slang , into contemporary north american english for this novels intended readership .
i have , therefore , carefully ( but not necessarily accurately ) translated the conversations of the characters in this book from the original anglo - cornish , angus and the mearns , ayrshire , belfast , berwickshire , black country , blackburn , bolton , bristolian dialect , brummie ( birmingham ) , buchan and aberdeenshire , burnley , caithness , cardiff , cardiff dialect , cheshire , cockney , cork , cornish , county durham , coventry , cumbrian , derry , donegal , dublin , dumfriesshire and thescottish borders , dunbartonshire , dundonian , east anglia , east midlands ( derby , east riding of yorkshire , easter ross and the black isle , esk , essaxon ( essex ) , estuary ( thames estuary ) , fylde , geordie , gower , guernsey english , highland english , home counties , cockney , inner city , inverclyde , irish travellers , isle of bute . , jersey english , kentish ( kent ) , kerry , kirkcudbrightshire and wigtownshire . , lanarkshire , lancashire , leicester and rutland , leinster , liddel water , limerick city , lincoln , northampton , liverpool and wigan , london , lothians , , mackem , manchester , mancunian , manx english , mid northern , mid ulster english , midlands , moray , multicultural london ( inner london ) , munster , newcastle upon tyne , norfolk , north east , north east central , north london , north northern , north riding of yorkshire , north wales , northumberland , northumbrian , nottingham ) , orkney and shetland , peeblesshire , pitmatic , potteries ( north staffordshire ) , preston , primarily , renfrewshire , scouse , sligo town , smoggie , south london . , south ulster , south wales , south west central west dumfriesshire , stoke - on - trent , suffolk , sunderland , sussex , teesside , telford ( east shropshire ) , teviot and the yarrow water , the black country , ulster scots connacht , waterford city , east perthshire , west , west country , west midlands , west riding of yorkshire , wexford town , wiltshire , and wolverhampton accents , as well as from cockney rhyming slang , into contemporary north american english for this novels intended readership .
i like the good ole country girls like you , winks at her .
his mobile telephone sings a country song when islander swishes the screen without checking the telephone number .
one of your many country boy tests , chewing .
i like country music best .
she had another commitment at the country club , but were going to get together real soon .
i covered a few events at the country club when he was chairman there .
she made a big deal at the country club about how everyone should accept me back into society .
they found his body at the country club a few hours later .
i m sure he would have been , except by the time he got to the house , dad had already left for the country club .
why else did she push vivian into the fountain at the country club ?
james wallaces body was found in his office at the country club at about a quarter after midnight by the night watchman .
now , according to the night watchmen at the country club , he noticed james wallaces car pull up and disappear around the back of the club right when he was doing his rounds at midnight .
so , how could vivian poison her husbands glass at the country club if she was sitting at home the entire night ?
she would nt have had enough time to drive with her father to the country club at midnight , poison him in his office , and then somehow get back to the house in less than fifteen minutes .
the wallace house is at least twenty minutes away from the country club .
if he was nt at the country club , he was usually at the bank .
but then how did his body get to the country club .
i guess he was dropping off my fathers body at the country club while i was here talking to vivian .
usually they happen in country places , where there is a question of land , or a need to survive .
she sports a plain white t - shirt and black jeans thumping her black and tan python - skinned cowgirl boot in a silent rhyme of country music inside her head .
she touches the softness of her knuckles since she s a privileged bitch in her household never performing any type of domestic labor chores around her elegant country homestead .
mary margaret hid inside her room refusing to do any manual labor like a country princess .
a brown leather settee marks the wall corner intersection , the entertainment cabinet where a country music song blasts .
something like a country club without a golf course , or maybe one of those old - fashioned fraternal organizations liked the elks or the moose .
this was a small town way out in the country , one of those towns where everybody knows everybody else , but even they did nt know much about her .
it is customary in tahoe to worry about your dog in the back country .
gramma brought her over from the old country , as they call germany .
usually it is skiers who hit trees , or snowmobilers who head into the back country and get caught in fierce sierra storms .
i got a hard rock station in reno , followed by a country music station , followed by one devoted to golden oldies .
he laughed , you obviously do n't follow country music .
i do n't mind certain bluegrass music , but i ' m not much for contemporary country .
he 's like some kind of icon in the country music world .
trent is a kind of good - old - boy country star .
as far as i know he 's very well thought of in the country music world .
their separation shocked the country music world .
this county is a weird mixture of poor mexicans , middle class folks who commute to san antonio but like living in the country and really rich people , including several country singers and a couple of movie actors , who have ranches here .
this county is a weird mixture of poor mexicans , middle class folks who commute to san antonio but like living in the country and really rich people , including several country singers and a couple of movie actors , who have ranches here .
she looked sheepish for a minute and said , i have to confess to being utterly ignorant of country western music .
he burst onto the country scene back in the 1980 's and was one of the top country acts well into the 1990 's and even after the turn of the century .
he burst onto the country scene back in the 1980 's and was one of the top country acts well into the 1990 's and even after the turn of the century .
but , country music is cyclic .
in the mid to late 1970 's country music moved toward the mainstream .
the movie urban cowboy made country music popular with a whole new audience .
in the 1980 's there remained a strain of country that occasionally crossed over , but there was a wide scale return to country 's hillbilly roots .
in the 1980 's there remained a strain of country that occasionally crossed over , but there was a wide scale return to country 's hillbilly roots .
among country music fans walker 's known as a traditional country singer .
among country music fans walker 's known as a traditional country singer .
in any case , the word is that his brand of country is kind of out of favor with the fans these days .
to make matters worse , since his divorce , he 's all but stopped performing live , which is a requirement for a country singer .
you know i do n't follow country music any more than you do , but walker trent is evidently a big deal star .
it won like every award in country music and a couple of grammys , too .
well , i ' m in a cheap hotel in east texas investigating a suspicious fire at the home of a famous country music singer ... .
i am , but i also like good old - fashioned country , and -- outside of ' waylon and willie and the boys ' -- , it do n't get any better than walker trent .
it gave me an important insight into my dad , which helped me maintain my patience in later years as he hauled me around the country reliving history instead of going to the beach or amusement parks like my friends did on their vacations .
i did n't learn until later that she mainly liked the idea of what her life would be like married to a rich country star .
at some point , tamra evidently decided to turn us into the king and queen of country music .
in the country world , it 's usually not a good idea to step out of your assigned box .
tamra did n't want to live so far out in the country at first , but after the house was finished she fell in love with it .
she 's turned herself into a kind of socialite of the country music world .
i will confess to you that i ' m not a country fan and , unlike everybody else i ' ve talked to in the last few days , i came into this knowing nothing about you .
bev thought that ronald thompson looked like hollywood 's idea of a corporate lawyer , and not at all what she would have expected for a nashville attorney representing a country star .
i told him that i ' m not a country fan and i knew next to nothing about him or his life .
actually , he 's my first country singer , but i ' ve met a number of other entertainers .
this is yankee country .
it 's a very traditional country album .
i do n't like country music much , but i like this album a whole lot .
my friend , ed casey , says he thinks it 's going to be a blockbuster and put trent back on top in the country world .
i ' ve been trolling some websites and blogs that follow country music , and discovered that the reaction in the business is mixed .
evidently country fans do n't like their faves to go out of their zone too much .
it could well cross over into other genres which would sell albums to people like me , but that could lose him some cred in with his base in the country world .
i ' m not a country fan , but my wife is a total nut about country music .
i ' m not a country fan , but my wife is a total nut about country music .
my wife says the country gossips are all over her desperate attempts to find a new sugar daddy .
there are a number of former employees who really hate him because he fired them from the best possible job in country music : playing in the band of a superstar .
i do n't think he was ever happy being exclusively a country star .
in the world of country music , that 's kind of the equivalent of blasphemy in church .
she leaned forward and asked , i admit to not being a country fan and i know little about the music business .
it seems to me a lot of country singers have sounds that blend pop , rock , country and bluegrass .
it seems to me a lot of country singers have sounds that blend pop , rock , country and bluegrass .
traditional country fans may listen to a number of kinds of music , but they want the artist to always sound the same .
according to traditional country music wisdom , walker is about to commit career suicide , which , of course , equates to professional murder of all of us who work for him .
i happen to agree with walker that even country music is changing .
i bought it and i ' ve never bought a country album before except for a couple of emmylou harris albums .
i 'll bet you 're not a regular country fan and you do n't own any of walker 's other albums .
what was more , it was beautiful country : wild and untamed .
a couple of country and pop stars who supposedly write their own music actually buy the rights to songs from walker and then put their own names on them .
everyone who is anyone in country music was in the audience .
* * * elmhurst hall was the only property down a quiet country lane and was well - concealed from prying eyes .
' was n't too bad in the little country town where i was stationed before .
but before they can unmask the killer , they must unravel the secret of a mysterious snuff boxa quest that takes them from their east end slum to an elegant country house where a group of distinguished astronomers are meeting .
his parents had bought the house right after they had moved to the country .
i am a country guy .
more country than you realize .
i can be more country and more gentlemanly at the same time .
alex changed the channel to a country music station .
just outside of barstow , a smooth talking country boy on the local station told me it was ninety degrees at two oclock , friday the 28th of june .
we sat in awe while the band ran through a cascade of soul and blues , spiced with dashes of rockabilly and pure country .
blues , jazz , rocknroll , country .
the pasture bordered woods on two sides and was close to the street , but there were no cars on the narrow , winding country road this morning .
after six months in la i was getting used to the crush of people in the city and the unrelenting development , but i had grown up in country australia .
lucys had a great french country dcor with the best southern cuisine below the mason dixon line .
the terrain in the upper peninsula is as rugged and as difficult to categorize as the people who settled heremiles and miles of swampy lowlands , then miles of even country with every type of pine tree you can imagine , and when you think you have it all figured out , the elevation soars and you find yourself high on a wind - blown ridge overlooking one of the great lakes , watching waves slam against enormous rocks .
then we arrived and i found out it was gods country because nobody else wanted it .
` ` he 's a member of the country club ?
the address was in a low - to - middle income area , a place i did n't imagine produced many tanoan country club members .
by eight o'clock , we were traveling from home in the old country club area to our office near downtown .
` ` does he belong to the country club ?
hangs out at country club .
the neighborhood is one of the older ones in town , the albuquerque country club area .
maybe gary 's chance meeting with her at the country club had n't been pure chance after all .
i 'd never been inside the tanoan country club , and hoped that an emerald green dress with soft wool draped flatteringly across the bodice would be appropriate .
to reach the tanoan country club , we exited the community through the guard post where i 'd come in , onto academy road .
i stood by , practicing stacy 's slightly drooped mouth and half lowered eyelids , wondering if i 'd ever have a need to learn country club protocol .
first stop , tanoan country club .
the kind where a strange face sticks out like a bum at the country club .
` ` yes , i understand he had begun hanging around the country club and had hit on some of the female members . ''
inside , a jukebox down near the pool tables twanged country tunes with a vivaciousness that rattled ice cubes in the glasses .
i fell into an uneasy sleep , where i dreamed that someone slashed all four of my tires while the jeep was parked at the tanoan country club .
did he mean tanoan country club ?
see , gary had a real attitude about those people at that snooty country club .
despite all of her country girl charm and prom queen sweetness , she had a certain look in her eye and a slight parting of her lips in the perfume ads that screamed out sultry , sexy .
those country bumpkin cops would nt know a wolf from a dog if it bit them .
where do you think you re at , your country club ?
a canoeist traveling through remote country is skirting the edge of the boundary between civilized life and the seemingly random layout of the wilderness .
he either knew the country , or did n't have a compass in his pocket .
` ` i doubt if any of them are going to skip country .
its rough country in there .
the lightweight , aluminum lawn chair , kele said quietly , is the second most important invention in back country travel .
some guys come in just to scout out the country first .
its not alf rough country from the look .
a syenite porphyry just beyond the lake and some albitized country rock mark an intrusion of successive pillow lavas and perodotites .
if you do nt count some fm country station crackling quietly .
sasha approached the rarified world of prescott & talbott and everything it signified differently than her colleagues who d grown up with maids , vacation homes , and country club memberships .
the short version is , back when he was a partner at bristow & baines , judge cook was the first african - american invited to join noahs country club , north heights or whatever it is .
she took a moment to hope noah had really enjoyed the incremental increase in his millions that he d probably gotten by screwing judge cook over at his country club .
the fact that he belonged to oakmont country club and sent his kids to shadyside academy was his dirty little secret .
she just hoped vivian did nt belong to noahs country club .
you ll see a country inn on the right .
at least a dozen photographs had been snapped and every newspaper in the provincehell , every newspaper in the country probablywould have a picture of a distraught ned weatherby admitting his lawyer into the house .
fidelios is one of the nicest ( and most expensive ) restaurants in nashville ; the sort of place where country music stars dine and normal people can only afford to go on special occasions .
i backed the car out into the street , turned on a country and western radio station , and waved to my overly industrious korean neighbor , who was on his hands and knees trimming the edges of the small patch of lawn that passes for a front yard in many of the houses in san franciscos sunset district .
` ` in the country especially and i was always promising to take her , but too busy , you understand .
we keep country hours here , so you gentlemen will want to be early to bed . ''
for a country nag , her conformation was surprisingly fine , her gaits smooth .
the mansion -- with its yellow exterior , tall windows accented by green shutters , and wraparound porch -- is a country estate in an urban landscape .
one of their rules for being together was that brady kept his love of country rock in his mustang and his own apartment .
two stops for directions later twila and i are nt known for our attention to road signs when we get to chatting about ghosts and an hour after sundown , the headlights skimmed past a faded real estate sign along a back country , two - lane road .
but granny props herself up on three pillows to see over the steering wheel , and when she rolls majestically down the country roads at a stately twenty - five miles per hour on her weekly trips to the grocery store , she expects everyone else to concede to her pace .
jack was a careful driver , and he knew these country roads , since he d been traveling them the past two years .
instead of proceeding down the country road , he pulled into an intersecting dirt road , where he cut the engine and dropped the kickstand .
i glanced around casually , as though perfectly at ease out here in the dark night , on a lonely country road miles from help with a man trained in dangerous arts .
i d always liked dancing , and it did nt matter whether the music was pop , country , blues , or zydeco .
her reminder of my speed on the lonely country , wildlife - filled night roads came nearly too late .
that country song that starts off with a train whistle .
her third husband , quentin , had died on the thirteenth green at his country club in naples , florida .
there was a town and country minivan already parked there .
jack knew joey was n't back in the country yet , and doubted anyone had even found tony and katie yet .
he jumped in the silver chrysler town and country and headed up state street toward sugarhouse .
the wind was fanning the calf - high corn in rows , out of town , in farm country .
arriving in the next small town , she pulled into the gravel parking area of a little country store / gas station that had the appearance of a store from the forties ; the era recognizable from looking at photos of similar buildings in her grandmothers old family album .
who came up with the idea that country meant quiet , she thought .
the difference between enjoyment and irritation , however , was that country sounds were , for the most part , sounds of nature coming from the true inhabitants , the creatures and insects of the countryside , who labored hard to pollinate , clear debris and in many other ways , enable humans to continue the process of providing essential basic goods for people .
chapter 5 manda smiled with delight as she spotted the quaint country style sign announcing the mimosa lane bed and breakfast .
the better part of the trip from the little country store had led her down a gently winding road into a valley with tall lush shade trees lining both sides of the road .
oh yes , please , replied manda , silently thanking the older fellow in the country store for directing her here .
it was small but beautifully decorated in the expected country theme .
i think were going to take a nice drive out in the country .
its country around there and i do nt remember the name of the closest town .
no rock ' n roll blaring from a cheap boom box , or worse -- country .
in certain parts of the country -- and your foxdale just so happens to be smack in the middle of one of their grids -- the government 's granting landowners a hefty tax break for every acre they leave undeveloped in a futile effort to slow urban sprawl .
marty was in rare form , singing a country song rather badly .
the living room of a well established and large country residence near oxford .
i ' m out of the country quite often , and i need someone to keep an eye on the place .
after all , you re just a country girl from a small village , are nt you ?
he was immaculately dressed , a fashionable gray suit and tie giving him the air of some country gentleman .
contents praise for the last page the authors a note of thanks foreword the last page chicago blues your sweet man weekend in the country more about libby more about david praise for the last page it is nice to see such a funny , smart mystery that respects and features what real life is like in the library .
his short story , a weekend in the country , appeared in the anthology , chicago blues .
the end a weekend in the country patrick mulhane was working the desk , third watch , at the twenty - fourth district .
i imagine , as monsieur dubois did nt have a pied - a - terre here himselfand probably would nt have been foolish enough to have taken the girl there even if he hadthat she is somewhere in the country .
whether it was an unselfconscious walk across the tennis courts of her parents country club with nary a panty line in sight or disappearing in the south of france with only hints that there was also a child in the picture , elise had made sure that things wouldundeniably and irretrievablynever be the same again .
like maybe shed want to come home and be the crazy artist in their neighborhood and around their country club and stuff .
could he have gotten into the country with a gun ?
cherokee country club .
aside from the reputational splendor of living at the parthenon , maggie had been drawn to this apartment building because it felt like a little bit of country in the heart of the city .
i assumed the role of the spoiled rich wife , a country club woman , she continued , toying with an enormous diamond on her left ring finger that reflected the light from a huge bay window .
he spent more time on business trips ; i spent more time at the country club .
i knew from our earlier phone call that upon returning from the country club , she 'd discovered the note slipped partway under the doormat on the front porch .
i could surmise where she was going - to her country club .
advertised as a premier private country club , with an arnold palmer designed course , the club catered to the social elite of south denver .
chapter twelve i m looking for maggie delacroix , i said to the pert receptionist at the country club .
i left amanda to her second drink of the morning and drove to the country club .
they knew the layout of the country club , where the exits were , where they should be , where you would be .
instead of standing her ground , the author of world of dolls was racing across the country chasing one , betting her life that the doll would give her the answers she needed .
silas and kim enjoyed the ride in the country and the lunch while they watched young and old people dig for bones .
i recalled once taking jenny camping into the back country wilderness .
at best they would find my car parked in an industrial wasteland , but tex , that is sandy , would have already moved to a new location somewhere in the country .
soon the terrain grew too steep for even extravagant hollywood builders and the stilt - top houses petered out into open country .
as they gained the ridge , the country to the west opened up before them like a fairyland , silver and gray in the moonlight .
it was a long way into the central mountain area by that route , and with the police having to cover such a wide area of country , they would have to concentrate on the most direct trails .
it would be good to break out of this existence , to escape from the noise and the bustle to the peace of the high country .
sam did n't feel this tension between country pleasures and city life .
it was a little - used trail , an old indian path that led through magnificent country but was long and tiring as a means of getting back to the road .
he anticipates moving back to kansas city near his parents , or even leaving the country , although he prefers san diego and has hopes of finding employment here eventually .
my fathers parents also came from the old country .
black balled at the country club .
and the perks : cars , expense account , country club , vacations , mixing with political high - rollers , you name it and its yours if you want it .
the fact that the parents were deceased and buried in a cemetery out in the country with their gravesites showing no indication of having been visited recently helped also .
richard tired of the livestock ownership part of being a country gentleman long ago .
chapter three : saturday in 1962 , ernest jellett , a water board worker , was walking up a country lane near farnham , when he was amazed to see a huge , cat like animal pursuing a rabbit ahead of him .
the trend towards a northward migration was now firmly established though , and decade by decade , successive generations of madisons crept imperceptibly up the country , first to harrow , then to mill hill , on to bushey and finally , dramatically , to leave behind their urban roots entirely , settling in leafy hertfordshire , although perhaps more accurately , suburban watford .
chapter twenty : friday night on sunday l6th august 1992 , durham based photographer phillip nixon was driving down a country lane accompanied by his son when , close to st johns chapel , county durham , they were surprised to see a large cat standing in the road ahead of them with a dead rabbit hanging out of its mouth .
the country footpath had its usual effect upon art , of once again transporting him into one of thomas hardys novels of a bygone rural england , a seemingly idyllic existence viewed , as it is now , with the nostalgic hindsight of over a century of time and from the luxurious surroundings of a life that embraces all the creature comforts of the twenty first century .
the very opportunity to be able to enjoy a country stroll was a luxury that had been bought by past centuries of toil .
the forest trail he was on intersected with a road no great distance further on ; art knew that the carriageway was not much more than a country lane but there was just a chance that he would be able to flag down a passing car and gain a place of safety for him and his son .
we went down a few blacktop main country roads , then on to some very dusty dirt back roads , and finally to a rutted car path to the spot that eventually became known as holly hill .
* * * the three of us , we started calling ourselves the musketeers , drove out to the country to my trailer .
joe said there were a lot of places in the country where you had to depend on the owner to provide the key to the house .
oh yeah , harpo marx lived over next to the tamarisk country club near what is now rancho mirage .
he took the one - eleven turnoff and headed towards the indian palms country club .
elliots father , eugene , was the developer of the country club and the homes that surrounded it .
he found a golf shirt from the indian palms country club and put that on instead .
maybe going out for lunch somewhere , spending the day in the country , anything but bloody football well what do you expect , going out with a dirty filthy man u scum fan ?
get out of the house get out of london , out of the country .
some female catherine cookson nonsense set in edwardian times , where the gentlemen challenged their foes to a duel at dawn over some slight which had been proffered at lady this or sir something or others country ball and where the ladies were as shy as the bosoms were plentiful , aided by the corsets and dresses of the day .
after the third page of bodies entwined like vines on a country house and thrustings , moanings and all sorts of heights of pleasure ian felt this was the sort of stuff that needed to be on the top shelf .
we should fill our lungs with country air and see if we ca nt flush out a few more memories .
so she set off down the country road .
london was so different to the country , the noise and the traffic and the people .
i was a country girl , i did n't know what i was doing .
if they found out that i was working at some yard in the west country .
in the country anyway , where man can still have an edge over machine .
avoiding the roads i go across country .
we have left the country lanes and hit the a - roads .
i scramble out of the woodland , over a puny wire fence and on to a narrow country lane which provides a steep incline to the chapel .
leaving the wood behind , i emerge onto a deserted country road .
the country a - road i drive along is deserted .
to avoid its streets , and to reach the coastline as quickly as i can , i veer from the path and continue across the rough contours of open country .
whistle - stopping through the country , haywood rained down his own brand of fire and brimstone , but instead of god versus the devil , the players were the common man versus the rich capitalists .
he had traveled to the kebo valley country club to play one of the oldest and most elegant golf courses in america .
vanderbilt looked forward to seeing morgans country estate .
there was a picture of a wedding party eight men and a woman , stiffly posed in an old , country church .
the home was quaint and orderly , with lace curtains on the windows and a living room that had the informality of an irish country parlor .
he listened to the music of a group of old irish musicians singing country and drank his beer .
her name is amy , and she is from the old country chris went on for half an hour about amy and the time they spent together .
they had scoured the country for parts together they only needed to put the last of it together and paint it .
i eventually wandered to montana , big sky country .
i wondered how someone living out in big sky country , where the sun shines bright so many days each year , could have such clear unlined skin .
try the country breakfast .
yeah , now i m out here in big sky country starting over .
but some of the facilities are closed due to reduced manpower , and a lot of it is pretty remote country .
you probably think we are just country hicks , you being a cop from a big city .
so , you re wandering alone across the country , hiking and writing.and searching the internet on my computer .
loud country music burst through the front door when i entered .
he had played the laid - back country boy to perfection .
in old country we have word for that , charlie asher .
` ` is n't that out in the country ? ''
the first residence is twenty - six miles away through country that would test the best outdoorsman .
home of country music ?
this had been a church before it became the famed home of country music , and it still bore all traces of its proud heritage .
the radio played one of his buddy franks favorite country tunes , reminding taggart they were supposed to go fishing this weekend .
the local nashville traffic was humming as tourists drifted along the shops and restaurants soaking in the home of country music .
he likes country and western . ''
i yanked open the garage door and backed out my lowly car , blotting my tears and listening to country and western music all the way to st . james 's .
the black cemetery , mount zion , is on the southern edge of town , while shady rest is a little out in the country on the west .
i did the most reckless u - turn ever performed on a country road in spalding county .
herschel found a country station out of clanton and shook his head at the dj 's twangy and sophomoric comments .
a few smokers were getting their last - minute drags , country men in old suits reluctantly worn .
on the one hand , it was what you would expect from a country boy who had managed to put together some assets in his later years .
the rostons grew soybeans and chickens and were active in their country church .
nugent drove the pepsi truck and spent his days hauling cases of beverages into country stores .
but she had never left the country and was mildly intrigued by the notion of seeing a bit of the world , even though she knew a compromise would be involved .
wade lanier was having a beer in the men 's grill at the country club when clapp tracked him down .
he left the country club and drove to his office .
` ` mr . raymond griffis , lives down from parker 's country store , south of here .
he was a large country boy who 'd never owned a necktie , and it was obvious he had not even considered buying one for the occasion .
the dafoe family was staying in the guesthouse of a friend near the country club .
we lived way out in the country , near palmyra , on the old family farm , in an old country house that my grandfather built .
we lived way out in the country , near palmyra , on the old family farm , in an old country house that my grandfather built .
they stopped at a country store and bought soft drinks and crackers , then sat in the shade with the windows down and listened to a soul station out of memphis .
they sprinted to the home of their host , out by the country club , and ignored lunch while debating whether they should return to the courtroom .
i know this person , used to work for a country m.e . , who does private autopsies . ''
sheila lambert , grace now knew , had stayed in the country .
he could be clean out of the country .
the whole area resembled the most exclusive of country clubs .
perhaps three weeks after darnell glass had been killed , len elgin had been found shot dead in his ford pickup , on a little - traveled country road just within the city limits .
a small dried bouquet was arranged in a country basket on my small bookshelf .
the things i ' ve learned are not things of real interest to anyone , though i was among the first to know that jerri sizemore wanted a divorce ( the summons from the lawyer had been open on john sizemore 's desk ) , and i learned last week that bobo winthrop was practicing safe sex with someone while his parents were at the country club dance .
when he got up , he played a round of golf at the country club .
but tom was at work when pardon was killed , and jenny was working at the country club on decorations for the spring dance ... lots of witnesses .
he never knew anything else but country .
i hurried after him , concentrating hard to keep up with his chitter - chatter as he went on to tell me about the weather , the country , sightseeing opportunities , and who knows what else .
no one with an appointment would park the car on a country lane and sneak up on the owner .
they 'd get bored living out of the country or maybe they 'd get drunk and boast about it in a bar .
` ` have you been out of the country with lisbeth salander ?
she thought they had taken the e4 south for a long time before they turned off onto country roads .
it was summer - cabin country , with a scattering of year - round residences .
he was not in the least afraid of flesh - and - blood people , but empty houses out in the country he thought were indescribably horrible .
i looked it up ; it seems to be a property in the country not far from nossebro , northeast of goteborg . ''
she would never have expected to find him out in the country in a little white farmhouse .
` ` did you really think zalachenko would sit in his little house in the country completely unprotected ? ''
frode kept a low profile ; he was on the board of the hedestad country club and active in the rotary club .
his professional reputation had imploded , and his means of recovering was to hide himself away in a tiny town in the deep country , chasing ghosts .
he had discovered fried sausage with potatoes and beets - a dish he had never been fond of but for some reason it seemed perfectly suited to a cabin in the country .
he put on his tracksuit and set off at a lazy pace along the road to gottfried 's cabin , turned off towards the fortress , and took a rougher course cross country .
bjursele was like a poster for the vasterbotten country village .
` ` okay , line , but what 's this about your being out of the country at the time of the murder ? ''
brooklake country club , to be more exact , though there was no brook , no lake , and they were not in the country .
` ` how are you going to get across the country that fast ? ''
1 facebook hacking is so sophomore year it 's a typical saturday afternoon , and my best friends charlotte chamberlain and madeline vega and i are sitting outside la paloma country club in tucson , arizona , where we all live .
` ` i lived with my grandmother in the country , '' she said to pashenko , ` ` so i did n't have to see my parents ' torment .
a country lawyer college - educated at the university of north carolina , then at nearby duke for law school .
he was a close family friend from the old country .
she had fled across the country , all the way to california , and she had fled all the way back again .
a few had returned to the old country , but most had stayed .
` ` four banks , '' mother enumerated , ` ` a country club , all the major automobile dealerships , though i ' m afraid you 'll have to get the mercedes repaired in atlanta . ''
` ` city people who want to say they own property in the country , '' mother told me , raising her eyebrows in derision .
i said , sitting across from susu at her ` ` country pine '' kitchen table .
susu 's kitchen was so heavily ` ` country , '' including a pie safe in the corner ( lovingly refinished and containing no pies whatsoever ) , that you expected a goose to walk in with a blue bow around its neck .
on a bright spring afternoon wheeler finished his weekly round of golf at an exclusive tulsa country club and strolled from the locker room to the parking lot .
i visited jonathan all the time at country clubs .
they were having brunch with his family at the country club to break the news to them about their engagement .
she thought it might have been nice to invite them to the country club to find out at the same time as ramsey 's parents , but then lexi was afraid it might seem strange .
they drove through the gated entrance to the country club and down the long drive to the clubhouse .
not that ramsey was against public displays of affection , but he usually kept everything discreet at the country club .
they followed ramsey 's parents out of the country club and into the parking lot .
the bridges ' estate was only a few minutes drive , deeper into the depths of the country club - gated community .
they had their moments , but country club born and bred made him eternally polite .
she knew so many people who liked the city , but they needed to be far enough away in the suburbs , in the country , out in the f**king cornfields to feel like they could breathe .
it should have been okay - except his parents had decided that they were going to throw the country club holiday party on christmas eve after church , and ramsey 's mother was hosting this year .
they had spent christmas eve at the bridges country club party .
lexi and ramsey had n't been able to escape the country club until well into the afternoon , and by the time they had arrived at her parents ' house , they had already eaten , thinking she was n't going to show up .
` ` all the country clubbers read it religiously .
` ` the country club had a father - daughter dance each year . ''
i have n't been to the country club in forever . ''
` ` there 's a new club in tulsa that plays country .
do you like country ? ''
i can play some country . ''
she grabbed the remote and turned on the tv , scrolling through until she found the music channels , selecting country .
he was just a too - tall unexciting country boy with an average face .
hank was just like he seemed - easygoing and laid - back , with a country boy charm to him .
there was just something about hank and his good - natured country boy attitude that appealed to the city girl in her .
for a tall , lanky country boy who modestly claimed he had n't dated much , the man could kiss like a fiend .
` ` so any friend that you had in need of help , you would take to your sister 's house across the country ? ''
we lived in rhinebeck , new york , and my parents loved the country and small - town life .
i loved the country life , but right now , i needed to be a city girl for a bit .
if you want a ride up to my house , you 'll have to get off your damn high - society horse and realize you 're out in the middle of the goddamn country .
one thing we like to do in the country is throw a damn good party . ''
i 'd heard about llano years ago , and i decided this was what i wanted - small - town , country living .
it was nothing but windows , looking out onto the beautiful texas hill country .
it was nothing but floor - to - ceiling windows , again looking out to the country hills .
i do n't have some weird kind of country disease or anything .
i love the country living , and i made a promise to my brother .
i sighed as i looked behind me to the deserted country road before pulling out .
` ` that 's fine , but she lives in the middle of the country , and yesterday , i was so overdressed that it was unreal .
off to break my baby in on some good ole country roads ! ''
i think i ' m going to have to change the meaning of cg from city girl to country girl , '' he said with a sweet smile .
i knew deep down inside she had a bit of a country girl in her .
you 'd like living way out here in the country ? ''
it was an open field looking out to the hill country .
` ` i know sound travels in the country . ''
the pictures on the walls were all hand - painted country scenes .
turns out cg stands for country girl !
we 're gon na show you how the country folk do it ! ''
i also think that bastard is trying to tell all these horny country boys that you 're his . ''
` ` i missed the country life along with my parents and my younger sister as well .
whitley might be from new york , but she is a simple country girl at heart .
it looked out over the hill country and just about had a three - hundred - and - sixty - degree view .
he said i had no business being out so early and in the dark even though it was the country .
she looked like an innocent , sweet country girl , with long , dark hair and eyes that made you forget your f**king name .
i was n't used to that sort of country club .
he might be the only son of the most infamous rocker in the world , but he was a country boy .
he could ' ve heard something through the country club grapevine .
for the first five minutes , she sits silently , gazing out her window , soft country music plays through the speakers , not loud but enough that the silence is n't awkward .
the reality of us driving down a dark , gravel country road at thirty to forty miles an hour did n't register with me when my hands left his neck to tug at the hem of my sweater .
` ` you are not planning on driving across the country in that beater , are you ?
it had been months since i 'd seen holly , jude 's oldest friend ; something about a full - time job , living across the country , and having an almost four - year - old to keep up with had a way of keeping a girl busy .
you can find a job in this town from across the country in a weekend 's time .
i looked like a country bumpkin in comparison to these rodeo drive glamazons .
dusty pours on the country accent and smiles at me with a wolfish grin .
i thought just about everything was country . ''
whoever she 's f**king , i think he works at the country club . ''
the same ones i wore the night of that crazy country club dinner , when he kissed me for the first time .
i said that to her the night of the country club dinner .
it 's all a bunch of vicious rumors spread by some women at the country club who hate her . ''
she went to the country club , told me she was going for golf lessons .
left the country club , raced home and tossed all her shit out onto the lawn .
he 's the laughingstock of the country club , she 's flaunting her young piece all over town .
jason just grinned at me and turned on the radio , tuning it to a country station .
` ` i hate country music . ''
` ` you 're thinking of the older style of country .
i like country music because it 's ... i do n't know .
it was more pop - influenced , i thought , and the singer had less of a country accent , but it was still definitely a country song .
it was more pop - influenced , i thought , and the singer had less of a country accent , but it was still definitely a country song .
we drove until darkness had fallen , taking turns listening to country music and talking .
anywhere but here trees wave and tease blown in the long free breeze urging me out and into the blue into the sunlit green spaces where no words trip over clumsy tongues where no tensions drip like rain from eaves i do n't even wish i was a bird i only wish i was out there walking in the grass or climbing in the trees heated by the sun or chilled by the wind or wet in the rain anywhere but here chained to this stagnant shore a prisoner of perfection an enemy of state for no more crime than being a teenaged girl in like with a teenaged boy for no more crime than driving in lazy dusty endless circles listening to country songs and my own nervous heartbeat my pulse pounding and my nerves twanging like the banjos on the radio i ca n't even shout my anger ca n't even scream my frustration ca n't even curse it would only come out a jumble ` ` fu - fu - fu - fuck you ! ''
even if we just drive around and listen to country music again , i ' m sure we 'll have fun . ''
he hopped out of the truck , and i heard the strains of country music turned down low escaping into the night .
i thought of the first country song he 'd played for me , and took inventory of the inside of his cab .
he sat down and patted the blanket next to him , reached behind himself and shoved open the sliding glass window so the soft strains of a country song floated in , a woman 's voice singing about gunpowder and lead .
the first thing dad did every day when he came in from work was click on the radio , tuned to 99.5 fm , the country radio station .
my music , rather than jason 's country .
i have colton , and i ' m touring the country making music .
i welcome the sound of pool balls smacking together and crappy country music .
devon 's parents had always said that she looked like country music royalty .
magnifying the country music image , her parents had dressed her in cowboy boots and a hat , had her belt out every song on the radio , and paraded her around to every music venue they could get her into .
` ` her parents work in the country music industry .
most of her contacts were with country music , and he clearly did n't sing country .
most of her contacts were with country music , and he clearly did n't sing country .
` ` oh , fancy , '' she said , wondering if it was anything like the country clubs at home .
` ` you know , my mama always wanted me to be a country music singer . ''
i never saw myself as the country music artist my mother wanted me to be , no matter how hard she tried , and she tried hard .
she wants a country music star , but she 's okay with me being the person i am .
i did n't want to be a country music singer or dixie or anything related to my parents ' life , which included him , and he just was n't okay with that . ''
but she still sounded like herself , like she had when she used to sing for her parents , when they had told her she was going to be country music royalty one day .
kash i looked over at rachel , who was practically pressed up against the window as we drove through the country .
the villa matched the vineyard , and it was as if we 'd stepped into italy , but out back was the best view of nothing but pure country .
vineyard on one side , and texas country on the other ...
i preferred the country side .
we grew up just a house away from each other , in a country club neighborhood .
you ca n't go to a bonfire out in the country without 'em . ''
amanda and i both shook our heads and went back to talking about this guy she was seeing off and on at a and m. other than the fact that we were out in the country instead of on the beach , and all the girls were dressed scarily similar to me and amanda , this felt like one of the many bonfires i 'd gone to with ty whenever he 'd tried to get me more socialized during high school .
i did n't respond , i just gritted my teeth and focused on not losing control of my truck on the country road as i raced back to the ranch .
since we were out in the country , amanda thought it should have the natural look without being natural , and since i had no idea what that meant , i let them do as they pleased .
i 'd grown up in the country , where scorpions were a common thing ; she 'd grown up in a country club neighborhood in a rich city in california .
i 'd grown up in the country , where scorpions were a common thing ; she 'd grown up in a country club neighborhood in a rich city in california .
the name sounded vaguely familiar , but i was more of a country girl .
contrary to what everyone thinks about country girls , i ' m not the most friendly and open type .
` ` i listen to country music , '' i said lamely .
` ` the theme for this first week is country , '' imelda said .
they stuck to country again , '' he told me .
` ` yeah , you know , maybe a move to the country or something . ''
flustered , i minimised my internet search engine window of country maps and called up the diary .
after thumbing through mr . silva 's file again , i got into my car and zipped over to his country club .
these kinds of country clubs were n't the place where you scanned a membership card before being granted admission .
i 'd just ` ` snuck '' into one of the most prestigious country clubs in the nation by doing what we eves had mastered : hiding in plain sight .
i walked out of the country club knowing i would n't have to look for mr . silva anymore .
he 's out of the country half of the year from the sounds of it .
just like any other day , i was taking my fair share of harassment from the future country club flies .
` ` i ' m not your friends at the country club , or your family who wants to keep up the blind - eye act , or a meddling neighbor .
i believed wide open spaces and starry nights were overrated and only idealized so the country music industry could stay afloat .
` ` and i hear you country boys have a flare for some good , old - fashioned bigotry .
` ` okay , non - bigoted - asshole - jesse , '' -now i was the one smiling wickedly- '' do you , have you ever , or do you in the future plan to ... '' i drew it out a few more moments for ` ` melodramatic '' flare , ` ` ... listen to country music ? ''
you do n't just listen to country .
` ` you can call me melodramatic when it comes to country music , '' i replied .
` ` in fact , i ' m almost certain the term ' melodramatic ' was invented in response to the birth of country music .
really , other than the country attire and warm personality , he had no physical similarities to tie him to his mom and sisters .
wearing tight , uncomfortable country digs was worth it .
` ` i think we just put a little bit of country in this girl , '' she said , setting a couple cartons of eggs on the counter .
` ` country looks good on you , rowen . ''
there 's a ton of good food , some good , old country music , '' -i cringed at the ` ` good '' part of country music- '' cute cowboys , and a really good time .
there 's a ton of good food , some good , old country music , '' -i cringed at the ` ` good '' part of country music- '' cute cowboys , and a really good time .
apparently speed limits and road rules did n't apply to country kids .
it could have been badass good if the country twang about it could be removed .
when the cd moved on to the next song , i realized that , in a little over a week , i 'd gone from hating - with - a - capital - h country music to tolerating , and maybe , just maybe , appreciating it .
if there was a god , i knew one thing : he 'd been on vacation the day someone invented country music .
` ` did you know that every time a country song is played , a cute little puppy keels over dead ? ''
` ` is our little girl making jokes about country music ?
the next one sounded exactly like the previous one that sounded like every single song ever sung in country music .
` ` and you country girls are n't crass enough , '' i threw back before slamming the door .
` ` the city girl and the country girl .
` ` i ' m glad i gave the country girl a chance . ''
she 'd set out the country rose china set passed down from her mom and she had polished up the silverware set , too .
the menu was simple country fare , but it had been created in the walker kitchen , so it would be delicious , too .
it was eery how jesse had managed to find quite possibly the only dress in the history of dresses to blend both that punk , dark style i 'd shown up in willows springs wearing with country flair .
the country girl and the city girl .
a big night out in montana included a big barn , a rented dance floor , and a local country band .
they wanted a story to tell the rest of their country club friends when they came over and coveted the canvas hanging on their wall .
` ` the country boy and the city girl . ''
i know the general consensus is that we country folks are nothing but dumb hicks who would n't know michelangelo from paint - by - numbers , but man .
if that day were today , i sure would n't want him to see nothing but a country bumpkin . ''
chapter eleven i was in one of my favorite spots in the world - pressed tight against jesse - as old bessie rumbled down a country road and johnny cash flowed in the background .
` ` i feel like i should apologize for that , but it would n't exactly be a heartfelt one , '' jesse said , slinging his arm around my neck before whipping down another country road .
` ` she grew up in missoula but likes spending her summers in the country .
how a forty - year - old country song could seem so prophetic i do n't know , but damn if it did n't seem to be telling my life story at that juncture .
that i knew who dolly parton was and what songs she sang gave away just how much time i 'd spent at willow springs and just how much they loved their iconic country singers .
` ` you mean to tell me you 're actually considering marrying this country boy one day ? ''
what 's up , my country brother ? ''
that she 'd managed to cover miles of country in a handful of minutes seemed humanly impossible .
dark country highways were dangerous enough with a person 's full attention on the road .
it took a hell of a lot of balls and maybe not a lot of brain , but we settled matters the rough - and - tough country way .
that the mason boys had left enough of their hippy california roots behind to bring it like true country boys earned them a smidgeon of respect in my book .
some other sweet country boy who bores her to tears ? ''
the odds were stacked against them - the rebel city girl with a checkered past and the golden country boy - but they 'd figured out a way to make it work .
you not only left him physically hard up but blue - balled his visions of playing golf with your dad at the country club and sitting next to your mom at the republican convention .
mt mom invited his parents to brookside country club for dinner next weekend and they expect us both to be there .
looked like my buddy had turned the country mouse , rock for the night .
it looks dreadful and i hope you brought more appropriate clothes for the country club , we 're going to dinner not a potluck . ''
i had a pair of purple booties that had a spiked heel and little studs on the back that completed the look it was n't exactly picture perfect country club gear but it should get me through the front door without too much trouble .
no one said anything as we piled into the family escalade and headed to the country club .
` ` these are a bunch of country club people and mom 's political associates .
her fingers tapped out the rhythm of the country tinged rock as we made our way across town to the university .
you are pretty country and he is pretty rock i mean i know i ' ve been drowning in opposites attract and all that stupid nonsense for my whole life with rule but maybe they really do n't and you just were n't his type .
jet was cool with ayden , in fact they had developed an independent friendship outside of the rest of us that often left us all questioning how close the country girl and the metal boy were .
` ` you need to branch out from cookie - cutter country , ayd .
there are all kinds of great indie country bands and even some amazing americana bands i bet you would totally dig . ''
i liked music that i did n't have to think about , and most country songs spelled it right out for the listener .
i did n't care what color or creed it came in , even if i gave ayden endless shit about her addiction to top 40 country .
it does n't matter if it 's metal , if it 's country , if it 's blues or rock and roll ; all the songs that make us remember and make us want to sing along are about the best kind of girl , the kind you ca n't live without but ca n't ever get ahold of . ''
for a guy with a giant tattoo of death on his chest , and devil horns spiked into his ears , he sure knew a lot of old country songs and southern folk songs .
i did n't really like older country , but there was no denying when jet sang it to me , i could see the difference in the quality of the songwriting compared to what i typically listened to .
` ` are you going to find someone else to sing sappy old country songs to before bed ? ''
instead , i listened to sad country songs ( new ones , not old ones ) and told myself over and over again that it was all for the best .
i shook my head for a second to make sure my sleepy brain was n't playing tricks on me , because there was only one person on the planet i could think of who would be wearing skintight purple jeans in the middle of redneck country , and he was supposed to be a million miles away being a rock star .
supersmart chemistry major or barefoot country girl , it does n't matter to me , either .
` ` how do you know every old country song on the planet , but ca n't sing me tim mcgraw to save your life ? ''
she loved country .
i still refused to learn any of that new country junk she liked , but luckily the old stuff still rattled around in my brain and she never complained about it .
do n't you ever listen to country ?
and a cotillion is a stupid thing they do at the country club my parents are members of , where girls enter society .
the twists and turns of the tiny country lanes made nausea swell and i closed my eyes .
we did n't say a word as we drove from the postcard perfect township onto pretty country roads .
but all around , rolling country hills and patchwork farmland imprisoned better than any barbwire .
a sprawling country estate rested under moonlight .
arms crossed , dark hair slicked back with gel , and sporting a tweed jacket with slacks , he looked like a poster boy for country house and f**king garden .
chapter 23 matt the finger lakes are wine country .
my tires crunched on the country road and my high beams illuminated slices of forest .
i ' m sure parts of him were sore the next day , but i ' m not going to talk about that , because sorting out the ` ` the car hit a raccoon and she slammed on the brakes '' soreness from the ` ` i made love to a country girl in a field filled with wildflowers and sunshine '' soreness is something i ' m not privy to understanding .
we were in flat country and our options were ... well ... our option was singular .
spending a little more time roaming dark country roads meant delaying the inevitable panic that was about to infuse my cells when trevor met mama .
i wanted to go and run a hundred miles , or ride a bike around the country , to swim across a great lake , to do anything but walk away from her .
we turned down a dusty , country road .
here we were , hurtling along these weird country roads , in her little rusted out box of a car .
the first verse came out slow , with a little touch of country i 'd never added before , more a ballad than a rock anthem .
all it took was a day here in the middle of flyover country and i got exactly what i needed .
` ` too bad i do n't go for those mama - lovin ' , sun - streaked country boys who adore sweet women . ''
always hated country music and all that sap . ''
god forbid , callum and i ever venture out of country .
musically , i ' ve come to like everything , even hip - hop and pop , but my southern roots come through in my love for country music .
explore the country .
she was n't a country girl .
i opened the door to the veranda and let in the fresh country air and the sound of chirping birds .
as the lamborghini sped out of the city and up the narrow country road , i realized i still had no idea where we were heading .
only thirty minutes to go and i 'd be back in my normal world , away from jett 's presence , and already i felt like i was missing him - even though he was sitting right beside me , steering the car through the country lanes at a leisurely speed .
sad thing was , this guy was attractive , and his outfit suggested he came from a country club home , i ' m almost positive he could have any girl he wanted , and yet he was getting hard because he thought he was going to have his way with me by scaring me ?
` ` i mean i ca n't let my little sister go across the country alone , right ? ''
he was out of the country , but he dropped everything to come back .
they 're a little bit rough around the edges , like they ' ve had one too many road trips across the country on their harleys .
little lanterns hang above each table and soft country music flows from the speakers .
` ` i seriously want to spend a year just driving around the country , sightseeing . ''
` ` hey , ' girl from the north country ' is a classic .
just after noon , i pulled the chevy down a lonely street in cattle country , the smog - covered buildings of dallas in the distance .
i do n't know how we got in the car and drove away down the country lane with our headlights off , searching for a hidden way out of town , but we did .
was there nowhere in the country left untouched ?
once in the country , it was another five hours of driving through piss - poor towns , crumbling roads and rampant wildlife like monkeys who liked to dart from the overhanging canopies , until we finally reached catacamas for our last dinner in civilization .
we ended up spending a few more days in the country , just lying on the beach and trying to get our lives back on track , to remember how to be real people in normal situations .
and it was she who was on our lips as we drove up the country and back into california .
` ` i eat whatever i want to eat - what are you , one of those uppity vegetarian girls that complain about how fast food is making the country fat ? ''
i ' m not much of a country music girl , but this band is an exception .
what had once been the hottest disco bar in the small town was now a rundown country bar .
bad country music blared out into the parking lot , the dim light from the bar glowing neon yellow and red .
my dad got tickets for tomorrow night to the dance at the country club .
` ` chase wanted to know if you might want to go to the party at the country club tomorrow . ''
it 's a country club dinner ; it 's not black tie , but it 's really dressy .
` ` tell me we country folk ca n't clean up real nice , '' she added with an exaggerated accent , making me laugh , before kissing cricket on the cheek .
she was n't exactly the type to go traipsing around the country after a guy , not even an attractive one like denny .
another few steps - more current memories of traveling across the country in his beat - up car , tossing fries at each other , playing the license plate alphabet game for hours , singing along with the radio and thoroughly enjoying the twangy country songs through the mid - west , taking a quick dip in an ice cold river to freshen up , making love in his car at an empty rest stop .
another few steps - more current memories of traveling across the country in his beat - up car , tossing fries at each other , playing the license plate alphabet game for hours , singing along with the radio and thoroughly enjoying the twangy country songs through the mid - west , taking a quick dip in an ice cold river to freshen up , making love in his car at an empty rest stop .
with denny leaving the country , and me leaving the bar , added to kellan 's snappy , moody behavior while i was gone , it did n't take a genius to fill in the blanks , and most of the regulars had it figured out right away .
you could n't possibly fly across the country just to spend a couple of days with me . ''
` ` we did n't put you through four years of school so you could throw it all away to follow some band across the country . ''
` ` why would i want to waste my last chance at freedom being shackled to a restaurant when i could be touring the country with a bunch of rock stars ? ''
` ` normally , i 'd make him wait until morning , but he says he flew across the country to see you ? ''
then , it 's like walking into a country club .
we drive out into the country .
the landscape passed by quickly as i drove down a long stretch of country road .
in the country , there was no traffic .
asher 's house is in the country .
i am not worried ; in the country , no one steals cars , and everyone i know leaves their keys in their car overnight .
guess that 's the price you pay for living in the country . ''
we chose white cabinets with a large country sink , stainless steel appliances , and his friend who works with concrete did painted concrete countertops that looked amazing with the bright , multi - colored back splash that we chose .
they 'll be on him like ticks on a country dog , and i really do n't wan na see it . ''
` ` so , after all those years of wearing straw hats , it turns out that you really are a country girl at heart . ''
she was now down to ` ` mostly country '' instead of ` ` fresh off the turnip truck . ''
she was n't a beggar , no matter what new yorkers thought of country folk .
a very country two - year - old .
damn it , those were rather nice eyes for a little country bumpkin who wore polyester .
while all of the royal family was wealthy to an extent , they also had extravagant households , multitudes of country homes that featured twenty rooms or more , and dozens of staff to take care of their needs .
for someone who did n't visit the country much and was n't getting married , he sure did have a heck of a social calendar .
she did n't , but she would have if he 'd have been even the slightest bit receptive to something like that from a country girl like her .
that seemed far more astute an observation than a country girl would have .
` ` sorry , but you may not like having a country bumpkin like me here , but you still need me . ''
at alex 's confused look , he added , ` ` very backward country people .
` ` it 's fine if you 're eighty , '' she said , and that teasing little smile returned to her face , and all of a sudden he wanted to kiss her , to smear all that thick makeup off and see the bright , happy country girl underneath who he was obsessing over .
the country girl who wore camo pajamas and knitted and tried to drink out of finger bowls at fancy parties ?
i rarely saw my parents except for state functions , and my brother and i were shuffled off to live with various nannies at my parents ' country estates .
simple , country girl maylee .
i used to run cross country . ''
it 's na**d country life day , '' dylan joked .
add a surprise pregnancy and a dead dog and she 'd have a really boring country music song .
when max did n't say anything , nick continued , ` ` and before you tell me you 're out the country and ca n't make it , let me assure you i am perfectly capable of flying to wherever you are and dragging your ass home for this . ''
the sound of something country made a tinny reverberation , as if blake shelton were stuck inside a tailpipe .
more country music stuck in a tin can .
you showing the country bumpkin how the big city folk live . ''
i reach my mini cooper and lean against my car for just a minute , not caring if the backside of my sky blue skirt picks up dirt - a skirt i snagged when my girlfriends hayden and erin stole me away for a wine country spa weekend to forget all my woes , and it did n't work , but i did score some cute clothes at a vintage shop i found next to a bowling alley on the drive home .
* * * chapter three aidan swept through the front doors of the commerce country club .
` ` yeah , my family is really big on bluegrass and country .
` ` oh , these help me stay true to my country roots .
he did n't care if the lyrics were about a cowboy sweeping a woman away from the big city into the wide - open spaces of the country .
the moment emma began singing the old country song a hush fell over the barn .
the nice little girl meant turkey - the country - while he meant turkey , the name of the pet shop in a neighboring town , but it was really all the same .
held at athens ' most prestigious country club , the event always commanded a huge turnout , and this year was no different .
if he stuck with his promise not to interfere , then he could have mairi out of the house and the country in under an hour .
part 2 : his place trevor 's place was way out in the ' burbs and i teased him about being a country boy .
i used to find her country girl airs charming .
he used my great - grandfather 's name from the old country when he wanted to tease me .
jonathan ` ` that 's steinbeck country , '' i said , watching the waitresses work the floor .
` ` ... and they all play country music , '' she said .
they laughed and smoked cigarettes as if they were at the wilshire country club , not westonwood .
maybe if she brought my head to donna maria carloni and whoever was coming from the old country , that would be helpful to antonio .
the breeders are seventy - five miles away , country roads , it 'll take time . ''
lean kept his old tractors and whatever we could get from hunters who do n't give a shit where they sleep and cross country skiers on a budget .
i switched it to country with excellent timing .
kickass country bitches are awesome . ''
i immediately leaned forward and switched it to country .
` ` this is meat country , darlin ' , best beef you 'll find near anywhere and vfw steaks are the best i ' ve had , bar none .
i 'd driven all over the country and back again probably eight times .
they thought country f**ked them over so that no longer factored .
` ` babe , i listen to credence , the eagles , santana , stevie ray vaughan , thorogood , shit like that and pretty much anything country if a chick ai n't singin ' it .
you were drinkin ' cosmos with us in stepford country when we were talkin ' 'bout your bad news boy and i do not think it bodes well two days later that you 're in the lingerie section of nordstrom 's , '' she stated then announced , ` ` this here 's a phone intervention . ''
i was n't country , not by a long shot , but the kitchen was an old farmhouse kitchen so it demanded country and there were times i could be whimsical .
i was n't country , not by a long shot , but the kitchen was an old farmhouse kitchen so it demanded country and there were times i could be whimsical .
and last , even though he could afford country clubs and sprawling estates , his home was nice , large , well decorated , but it was warm and welcoming and not much more than a family of six needed .
i was selective about my country music listening and one of the artists who made the cut was jana kramer .
i knew , and i was sure if the kick - ass country singer jana kramer was there she 'd confirm , that was the wrong thing to say .
i did n't want to know she was sitting alone in the big house on all that land in that exclusive estate where i grew up , close to the country club , every single resident a snob .
so she 'd made the decision to do so because he was the love of her life but also because , without him , there would be no big house close to the country club and she would n't be getting slaughtered on forty dollar bottles of wine and top - shelf martinis .
growing up close to a country club with a banker father and a wealthy , southern farmer princess mother , i would not have expected i would feel comfortable in the bosom of that particular family .
they belong to a country club .
they were n't big on me upping stakes and roaming the country looking for nothing special .
i tossed my new bathing suit into my new laundry hamper ( wicker , i bought it at a cute little country shop that had opened in town the week before ) .
that did n't work out and you sold everything you owned and took off in your car and wandered the country .
in the window of the little country shop ( that happened to be two doors down from the grocery store ) they had these adorable , big , old - fashioned glass pitchers with a beautiful shape , dimpled glass and they were tinted pink .
they did n't like hearing it but they also made it clear they 'd prefer it that way rather than me keeping it buried like i did with brad and when i wandered the country looking for carnal .
chapter six amos moses ty ` ` amie , what you wan na do ... '' the charger was growling down the highway , the sun shining bright , lexie sitting beside him , hair flying all around her face , feet to the dash , knees bent near to her chest , heels popping up , legs swaying , hands on her thighs slapping , mouth open singing some hick - ass , country rock song at the top of her lungs which was the only way he could hear her considering that shit coming from her ipod connected to the car stereo was blasting out the speakers .
i pulled out a thick , brown paper bag that had a red stamp on the side with some lasso - style ropes around old west - style words that said ` ` carnal country store '' .
carnal country store was a gift slash souvenir shop .
old west slash colorado mountains slash bikers slash country .
this was intermingled with an abundance of full on country wares that were mostly really cute but not my style ( or ty 's ) and some local artisan stuff which included some seriously kickass pottery .
and i said this was ` ` luckily '' because , although ty was born in that county , he was not a feathers , antlers , buffalo , biker or country wares kind of guy .
i also know he lives two hours away in aspen and i know he 's got a private jet , the only hope i got of flyin ' cross country without getting tagged and sent back to california .
i , of course , on a lunch break bought the big , round , glass vase i had my eye on at the carnal country store and the proprietress thanked me profusely for buying it saying , ` ` sugar , that thing has been on my shelf for a year and a half .
that said , if keaton told fuller and his boys to go f**k themselves and moved clean across the country that would not have surprised me .
he always looked like he 'd walked straight from the pages of a beer advertisement marketed toward wannabe cowboys , rodeo stars and country singers .
in the car there and back , i found out chace listened to country ( also not a surprise ) and it was good country .
in the car there and back , i found out chace listened to country ( also not a surprise ) and it was good country .
the room had hints of western , hints of country , all of it with an underlying class that was all his mother .
chace was n't formal so the room had two comfortable burgundy couches facing each other with more hints of western , none at all of country which his mother referred to as ` ` the formal part '' .
one , serious hill country , jacked shit where a family existed somewhere in those hills , had minimal contact with the real world and this included procreating and not birthing their babies in a hospital that had records or sending their kids to school .
two , malachi and possibly one or more blood or practical siblings had been taken from their real families and were being raised on the quiet by some seriously hill country , jacked person or people who hid them from the real world for nefarious reasons and in order not to be exposed .
ran track and cross country .
the up lighting made it glow like a rare monument - an over emblazed welcome doormat like so many country manors had in this historically rich country .
his voice dropped the chivalrous country man edge , deepening into violent snaps , ` ` you , on the other hand , are wilful and stupid .
he was the perfect resemblance of a country gentleman .
he found her walking along the country lane , her head bent and arms folded .
i know you 're not a country bumpkin sheriff , but i ' m warning you .
` ` because i was thinking of taking them to one of those country fairs at the weekend before christmas eve .
` ` just on the outskirts of the city in the country . ''
being in the country would just make me realise who i truly am , '' he said .
` ` she lives in a house in the country , and i visit her as regularly as i can . ''
` ` speaking of which , i know we did n't arrange for a honeymoon but i was thinking of going away this weekend to the country , maybe making something out of it ? ''
` ` i 'd love to go to the country . ''
` ` i reserved a little country cottage for us to enjoy and get to know one another better . ''
they arrived at the country cottage .
` ` it has a country sink , wayne . ''
being cooped up all day in that country house and not even going somewhere special for her honeymoon .
the country was a beautiful , and with summer almost at its height , he looked forward to exploring the country with prudence .
the country was a beautiful , and with summer almost at its height , he looked forward to exploring the country with prudence .
in comparison to people like dominic , these boys were country folk .
chapter fourteen one week later ursula glanced over at stephen as he drove down the long country road to her family 's house .
they lived in a four bedroom house along a country road .
` ` i ' ve never driven along a busy country road before . ''
he would see his mother at her country estate at the weekend .
she was originally from the city , but every month around the time of the full moon she travelled to the country to run with her pack .
it 's easier sorting everything out here than back in the country .
she stopped to admire the room , which was set in an old country style fit with a porcelain sink .
he 'd go say hello , and if it turned out that his trespasser was looking for a weekend of wild sex in the wine country , well , he 'd just have to oblige her , would n't he ?
and , if she was n't mistaken , the wine country was rife with rattlesnakes .
and to think , just yesterday she was on her way to having her engagement photo in town and country .
she put her glass down on the pine coffee table , walked to the rail of the deck , and took a deep breath of country air .
i have to admit , i ' ve found everything about the wine country to be wonderful . ''
funny how much at home she felt here , in napa , in the country .
no question about it , she could get used to life in the wine country .
i tried to convince myself over and over that you were playing me , some city tourist having fun in the country .
she took in the terra - cotta swirls on the marble floors , the oversized canvases of vineyards on the walls , and knew that a girl 's weekend in the wine country with her two best friends , carrie and vanessa , was just the balm she needed to soothe her raw nerves .
since they were in the heart of the wine country , she racked her brain for a beverage that would n't offend but was still low calorie .
` ` ca n't sentiments like that get you lynched in the wine country ?
the night was dark , the moon barely peeking out from behind the clouds , but even if she 'd been blind she would have known she was in the wine country .
` ` a classic wine country dish ' the cameras were already flashing as he handed rose an apron and donned one himself .
` ` fall in love with the wine country . ''
fall in love with the wine country .
and yet , they were probably getting off with some wine country studs right now , while she had only a bottle of wine and a dildo for company .
he lived in the country , she thrived in the city .
there was definitely something to be said about a life in the country .
jason had fooled himself into believing she saw past his poor boy , country roots .
` ` people are pretty honest out here in the country , '' was his reply and it seemed to emma that he put extra emphasis on the word ` ` honest . ''
so when she 'd offered to suck his c**k and he 'd realized that she 'd traveled all the way to the wine country for some good f**king , he was perfectly willing to acquiesce .
but two nights with jason , this warm wine country sunshine , and a big silly dog were melting her frigidity away in sheets .
so he backed off , saying , ` ` how would you like a personal wine country tour guide ?
she smiled and took a deep breath of the cool , clear country air .
for all he knew , she and steven had been reconciling for some time now and the country boy chef was a convenient way for her to make her ex jealous .
he 'd been perfectly happy to carve out a new life in the wine country , which seemed so far removed from this suburbia , even though it was only ninety minutes away .
she licked her lips , wondering if telling him the plan she 'd come up with in the car on the drive back to the wine country was going to freak him out .
she paused , then asked , ` ` do you like being out here in the wine country ? ''
hot damn , he thought as he threaded his hands through her hair and pulled her closer , he was going to have to figure out a way to convince kate to make regular wine country pit stops .
but it was n't a case of the country making the woman .
it was the most natural thing in the world to dance with her there in the middle of a biker bar to country songs about drinking too much and sleeping with the wrong guy .
max walked out to the kitchen , stopping at the entryway to watch his wife 's sexy ass shimmy around the kitchen while putting their breakfast dishes away , her body swaying to the beat of a country song coming from his cell phone .
he 'd never heard the song before , and he was n't much into country , but damned if he 'd ever forget the tune now .
if maddy had turned into some kind of country club stereotype , i 'd have to quietly back away .
chapter twenty - one jenna the sign said , welcome to the finger lakes wine country .
` ` it 's never too early to drink in wine country , '' i said , hunting for stemware .
it was our last day in wine country , but as long as i stayed burrowed under the covers with him , i could pretend this might last forever .
had n't he cured me of this , back in wine country ?
it was a short flight , but i did n't think he 'd be taking me to wine country again .
i did n't know , until we were sitting by the water at that restaurant in wine country , and i looked at you and i realized ... '' his face softened .
` ` you can take the girl out of the country , but you ca n't take the country out of the girl . ''
well you would n't want to cause a stir at the country club . ''
` ` she left you and ran all the way across the country ... and you want her back ?
the last time i 'd been whisked away by jacob whitmore , i 'd barely plunked out a leaving the country text .
` ` i was born in the country , but i grew up in the city .
now when i go back to the country with the rolling hills and nothingness i ca n't believe i lived there without driving myself insane . ''
some sprawling estate tucked away in the country .
barefoot summers in the country , feeling the earth between my toes and the wind whipping through my hair .
the trailer tucked behind overgrown weeds was n't much to look at , but i could still hear aunt lucille 's radio blaring from the window , foot stomping country music creating a soundtrack for my make believe .
` ` she had a couple of mainstays -- married at the beach and married in the country . ''
she told them my favorite color was purple ( not even close ) , and made up some story about how we used to drive out to the country and talk about being famous someday .
but the colors of the country , greens so bright that i could feel them wriggling with life , took my breath away .
` ` not a cross country road trip . ''
as a long haul trucker , darcy 's father spent ninety percent of his time driving across the country and doing god knew what in his spare time .
besides , we 're out of the country a lot , which makes it hard to , you know , get shitfaced and do the whole menage thing . ''
she knew he was n't out of the country , since he always called or texted her when he left on assignment , so the silence on his part bothered her .
she could n't remember the last time she 'd gone swimming anywhere other than her father 's country club .
marry bryce , move into a mansion on nob hill , spend the afternoons at the country club , the evenings entertaining san francisco 's elite .
i packed a bag , left home and spent the whole summer riding across the country with trent .
` ` and the senior partner invited me to join him at the country club for a round of golf .
` ` so you 'll be spending the entire day and night hanging out at a country club ? ''
he 'd literally spent a total of ten minutes with his older brother - dude had gotten off the plane , deposited claire at the house , and raced off to a country club for golf and cigars .
deposited her on his brother 's doorstep and abandoned her to hang out at a country club with his colleagues .
the senior partner of chris 's law firm had graciously rented out the country club for the day so the couple could marry there .
` ` okay , so she talked to the country club ladies about sex .
` ` you mean he left the country club ? ''
and f**k all those country club jerks from chris 's firm .
not until she got far , far away from this stupid country club and made sense of her muddled thoughts .
his first priority had been to get claire out of that country club .
whisking her out of the country club , bringing her home with him so she could lick her wounds in peace .
he 'd performed his good - guy duty today by whisking her out of the country club , and that was as far as he was willing to go .
she 's probably his daughter , which means she 's not only loaded , but has crazy connections and a membership to that stupid country club , and she probably comes with a million other perks chris would appreciate . ''
the entire restaurant had a cookhouse - type feel to it , masculine to the core , with animal heads mounted to the wall and country music coming out of the speakers .
` ` what , no country music ? ''
i only listen to country when i ' m feelin ' down . ''
gently rolling land , golden dirt and red clay earth made up the landscape , and when the freeway gradually turned into a winding country road , forested areas started cropping up .
the bar 's dim lighting made it easier for him to ignore the cutting stares of the other patrons , and the country tune blaring out of the jukebox drowned out the whispers that were no doubt being exchanged as the two couples settled on opposite sides of the booth .
you 're a nosy city girl who thinks she 's better than a country hick like me , is that it ?
some things should be for enjoyment only , and i enjoy staying at my country place .
* ~elizabeth~ arnold is driving me home from a swim at the country club 's heated pool , and crestwood 's porch has finally come into view .
she once had a flat outside tyler , texas , on one of those lonely country roads .
she 's still in country , actually .
the teenager robbed one of jesus 's country homes , and the old woman tried to protect him when jesus came .
if we can take little country roads around parral and get to camargo , we could stop for the night somewhere safe .
something quick , and i 'll let my curly , brown hair air - dry on the drive over to the bernards ' country home .
i screw up my face and pull out my country voice .
my question probably sounded silly but i had never been to a country club before .
chapter 4 i could tell the country club was filled with rich people the second we got there .
he walked away from me with this hands in his pockets , whistling like he was out on an afternoon stroll in the country .
the location had lulled her into expecting a country house , so the breathtaking front wall of lucien 's thoroughly modern country pad was a revelation .
the location had lulled her into expecting a country house , so the breathtaking front wall of lucien 's thoroughly modern country pad was a revelation .
they 'd pulled off a small narrow country road and turned onto a dirt road lined with tall trees .
the guy 's wife came home early from a long weekend in the country and she found richie and her husband in bed , with richie on top and the guy 's legs over his shoulders .
and they sang country western music and told dirty jokes all the way up to cape cod .
we were a thousand miles apart , so i pictured myself going up into the sky so i could get a view of the country , and maybe see her .
it was kind of out in the country .
and when halloween of 1981 rolled around , it was me that she asked to go with her to a big outside party in the country .
` ` your mother and i have been talking , and we do n't like the idea of you driving across the country by yourself .
he parked out front in their circular driveway and let himself inside the front door only to be met in the french country tiled entryway by linda , his parents ' housekeeper , who was on her way down the front staircase .
i pulled over onto the grass along the side of an isolated country road about two miles from my destination .
and we found the van and abandoned it along some country road , as per our story we found some papers in the bungalow , innocuous looking receipts and a few handwritten notes .
i d rather work at a country newspaper in north dakota than do anything to hurt you .
since he s got a new wife , his genes are always out of the country .
not that he did nt love the stuff other kids his age preferred , but he considered himself fortunate that she was nt a big fan of country or classical , so he was perfectly fine listening to what she enjoyed .
moreover , she could see herself and sam feeling at home in the country shed never heard of until now .
um charles started , having no idea how to get around the awkward situation , as you could probably guess , i m new in town , actually new in the country and uhwell , i d let to meet some of my neighbors .
kayville might be a small town in the middle of oregon wine country , but we had everything any city had .
he was driving from his home in london , and heading towards the small suffolk country town of stowmarket .
then after adjusting it a little and with a smile at adriana he proceeded to play a quiet rendition of a vince gills country style number called ' pretty little adriana ' .
then there had been the tour in the northern part of england , leading on to the west country and then a couple of gigs around the so called london pub circuit , specially the one at the hammersmith palace he spoke of his first marriage to jean , a young up and coming female drummer , who during those days was a sort after commodity .
so in an effort to get out and mix with people , he joined a small local country music band that played every sunday night at the local pub the ' three tunns ' .
i ve lived here all my lifein the country , outside of town .
lots of country roads out by us .
i really loved riding the country roads with the top down and the wind rushing through my hair .
we drive out into the country , fields and overgrown woodland getting thicker as we head into nature , with not another soul around .
i ve got my ray - ban sunglasses on , and the radio playing country classics as loud as my beat - up old camaro will go , trying to drown out the whispers of memory that started , the minute i took the freeway exit onto the familiar coastal road .
tucked under his arm , the place i used to be i crank the radio even louder , the country twang ringing so hard i do nt even hear my cellphone , i just see the screen light up from where i tucked it in the cup - holder on my dashboard .
yeah , i am just a country kid , what do i know about the land of movie stars ?
but we are still country kids at heart !
yeah , like on lifestyles of the rich and famous , country edition .
i love those bright eyes and country music , he sang with his hand on his heart .
plus , dancing to country music without drinking is not the stuff of magic .
it was a country suit .
there was a stage , which was cool , but the country music they were playing was not .
if it ai nt the purty lady and her bodyguards ... georgie was cleaned up , wearing his own country suit , and confidently standing like i had already consented to go home with him .
not country swing dancing , though , i amended quietly .
the dj was just setting up , which meant some random , and fairly quiet , country music was playing in the background .
californian moves do nt really go with country music i m afraid .
i was in a great mood until i heard a certain country song that fit my situation a little too well .
leave what specifically , the bar or the country ?
some sort of country was playing .
it was well furnished with expensive paintings and other art , while still maintaining a country feel .
within a matter of months , mrs . bostoff became the neighborhood 's favorite , helping with the committee at the country club , active on the local school board - you name it , jon 's mother was on it .
they do have a bar area with a trio that plays country music and a small dance floor .
they began playing the old country ballad behind closed doors .
if this is how royalty lives , i m glad i m a country girl , she drawled in her best texas accent .
mandy , i m so glad you re a country girl , because this is one old cowboy who is thrilled to be married to you !
a country western group was playing , and a few people were dancing outside under the stars .
she was glad she had declined jennys kind offer to collect her that morning and arranged for the hotel to get her a hire - car , the drive through the country lanes was raising her spirits .
the cottage had been left to harrys parents when his grandfather died and although they had lived in it for a few years they had soon tired of life in the country and moved back into town .
hot country you see .
it was the man who had been looking at her , his voice was deep for such a slight man and there was just a touch of some country accent , somerset or berkshire , she could not quite place it .
bronte country .
were in the country here , you know .
floods in the west country , he continued , brandishing the paper at his companion .
buys up land in the country and then sells it with planning permission .
chapter 19 the big change in barbaras life had come when country products had decided to buy out her company the year before .
she thought he had looked impressed with what he saw and , as they made their way back to her office , he explained to her that her relishes and jams were exactly what country products needed to supplement their already popular range of organic produce .
so when she returned from newcastle although the first things she did were discuss the offer with doug and ian , then seek professional advice from her accountants , she would not accept the seventeen million pounds that country products wanted to give her , until she had called a meeting of all her staff and assured them that their jobs were safe , at least for the next twelve months .
maybe ill move into the country , up north or scotland even .
she wandered down the high street watching sleepy shop - keepers unlocking their doors and winding up their shutters , a young woman sluiced down the pavement in front of the butchers with a bucket of hot , soapy water , on the other side of the road the florists assistant brought out pots of rufous chrysanthemums and pale mauve michaelmas daisies and arranged them in rows outside the shops entrance , the smell of fresh coffee drifted across from the caribbean coffee shop , a touch of exotica in this traditional country town .
i guess it was one of the enchantments of city life , city boys and their effects on country girls .
maybe vogue , town and country , or gq would eat that shit up but this time though i was nt buying it .
he returns to suffolk and the small country side town of stowmarket , in which he grew up .
a different ending further publications from this author chapter 1 returning home as matthew approached the small suffolk country town of stowmarket , he was greeted by a large green reflective road sign , informed him that he was about to enter the towns boundary .
across the slip road that led to the ici factory main entrance was what matthew remembered as the cedars country club , a large stately looking building dating back many years .
saboteurs skills are not widely required in a small country town and even less in its manufacturing industries .
here in suffolk the new comers were offered space , a job , a house and a new way of country side living .
however , in their haste , the large numbers that took up the governments offer to escape the cramped housing conditions of the london suburbs , had helped destroyed the unique way of country life that matthew remembered and had enjoyed as a youngster .
` ` oh just a drive in the country , '' said matthew , ` ` we 'll just take in some sites . ''
within half an hour of his arrival they were both in the car and heading out in to the country in the direction of one house .
they continued along the country lane hand in hand making their way towards the ' sheppard and dog ' public house where they stopped to have a drink and some lunch .
peter married sally and they bought a house in the country near great finborough where they set up home and had two children .
maureen & matthew they were married within a couple of months and later moved to the west country , setting up a home in marlbough , wiltshire .
for most of the drive to magaliesberg , i sang along to my favourite songs which helped keep my mind off the next two days ahead , and the fact that i was driving through country roads in the dark alone .
despite the dirt and dust , the house gave off the air of old country beauty .
my husband was nt raised in the country ; his family had lived in new york city most of their lives .
the back of his shirt had the country furniture logo .
makes sense with mrs . miller out traveling the country .
it was set to a local country station .
we had a son named brogan and we were very happy for years until a malaria outbreak occurred in the area we lived in , it quickly spread across the country side .
that was for corps and country ; viktors an ass .
new and old - school rock , pop , rap , hip - hop , country , alternative , punk , heavy metalyou name it , we love it .
all that room , lots of country living , half an hour from the beach and a horse or two to boot .
or the mountains or the country , wherever their heart leads ?
one of the cooks liked the country music stations ; bobs wife , patty , in her forties , was partial to the 80s station .
beach , mountains , the country , the city .
guy wound the bike through a small maze of city streets at the base of the hill below paiges country style subdivision before heading out toward the old aqueduct near the edge of town .
she could still vividly recall the hours she 'd spent listening to the discordant sounds of traffic and people and life that seemed to go on in a continuous loop far below her fourth floor window ; the culture shock had made her wistful at times for the solitude of the wild country home shed left behind .
but she much preferred the country flavor of wind and weather and nature to cacophony of voices that were a constant backdrop in larger cities .
vusi drove well , going down the country track cautiously slowing timeously for the dips so that i would n't be jarred .
less than half an hour later , we were off with jay roaring down the country roads making light of everything again .
he 's running round the country protecting you now ?
i bet she s been out of the country at some point .
she made several stops , used the interstate and back country roads , and kept driving until she was sure no one was following her .
she followed the interstate for an hour then found a back road through some little country towns .
with the radio cranked up to the local country station , derek did nt notice the quietness of the room next to him .
amber paid for the gas , jumped back into her car , and headed down a back country road .
she found a country station and began singing to put her mind at ease .
he was driving down a country road and was coming up on a steep hill when he saw headlights coming too fast .
table of contents chapter one - prologue - the escape chapter two - recollections chapter three - sanctuary chapter four - andrew chapter five - getting down to business chapter six - time with andrew chapter seven - a late night chapter eight - a search for answers chapter nine - a familys secret revealed chapter ten - gone chapter eleven - holiday games chapter twelve - the holidays chapter thirteen - arriving to shocking revelations chapter fourteen - new york on new years eve chapter fifteen - death arrives claiming his first two victims chapter sixteen - a sorrowful return chapter seventeen - a tearful trip chapter eighteen - sanctuary situations chapter nineteen - an unexpected turn of events chapter twenty - my parents arrival at sanctuary chapter twenty - one - a steamy vision and an unwelcomed surprise chapter twenty - two - a piercing realization shatters momentary peace chapter twenty - three - the arrival chapter twenty - four - stephens stunning secret is revealed chapter twenty- five - arrival to tragedy chapter twenty - six - springtime chapter twenty - seven - confrontation and commitment chapter twenty - eight - andrews absence chapter twenty - nine - an unsuspected alliance forms chapter thirty - an enemy uncloaked chapter thirty - one -an ancient secret unearthed chapter thirty - two - epilogue note to reader chapter one - prologue the escape as the setting sun glistens on the wet leaves lining the last eight miles of winding road ending my two thousand mile journey across country , i dare to envision the possibility of a new life free from the shadows of my former self .
was your trip cross country so good that you lost track of time ?
this place feels more like a country club than a hospital .
a symphony of frogs , night birds and cicadas was music that only country living could make a person appreciate .
i d lived a lifetime in wooded areas , but country living had nt taught me a thing about plants and i had no idea the name of flower .
he had been a street preacher traveling the country , an outcast in a modern society that no longer believed in the possibility of someone being in touch with a higher power .
a country ed was no different , though the lack of staffing made this one more chaotic than usual .
i looked at the country - style kitchen , then through the long open - plan living area to the lounge with a big open fire .
i like country and western .
afternoon temperatures could climb into the low nineties , even in the high country .
but instead , he had been following her through small towns , country roads , and small hotels .
it had all started the summer when she turned eight and had gone to the country club swimming pool with her mother and brother , ric , something they did almost daily during the hot summer days in boston .
jason had sat next to her for a while , and she had fallen in love right there , under a large oak tree by the kiddie pool at the country club .
he had watched her walk across the hot cement around the country clubs pool .
he had tried everything to get rid of her at the country club .
he had taken judo at the country club while shed attended gymnastic classes , something her mother had forced her to do .
they d attended all the events at the country club together .
the sign was the one she had been searching for since turning onto the narrow country road .
there was seldom any traffic on the small country road just outside of town , and with the fog , he had not expected to see anyone else .
since we lived out in the country , it was nt out of the ordinary to burn trash .
worked for other people for the first twenty years or so , and then came into some money when his father died , and left him a couple hundred acres out in the country .
it was falling down around their ears , but it was out in the country and they were happy .
she also had in mind to sample the country ham and buttered biscuits that smelled positively divine .
good morning , michael said , during a breakfast of hominy corn porridge , country ham , and thick cane syrup poured over flapjacks .
i do volunteer work at a donkey sanctuary out in the country once or twice a month . ''
it 'll go from being a charming little hamlet to being a typical run - of - the - mill city you can find at thousands of other places in the country .
a three - man band appeared and began to sing a variety of time - honored country rock tunes .
you are my angel of mercy , driving charlie half way across the country so she would nt have to fly .
he does not like the country at all .
he was a country music fan .
how he wished that he d listened to kyrah when shed suggested they leave the country together and get married !
we are sledding on the rockledge country club hill .
kansas was right in the middle of the country and his finger soon stopped on wichita .
` ` oh its a small country town , very hot at the moment and with no trees '' .
bradley newman was born in may 1944 in the very small rural country town of laidley situated in southeast queensland , just outside of brisbane .
so just five years after leaving the little country town of laidley , here he was back and with no hint of a job .
hell at this stage he was nt even sure if the greyhound buses went that far out into the country .
he did have a little chuckle to himself as he typed out that he had been swimming in the sea on the gold coast in queensland and then describing the area , but looking out of the bus window he was looking at what he could only describe as desert country side , ` ` if only she knew '' he thought .
by this time brad was awake and looking at the country side flashing passed them and catching a glimpse of a road sign that declared wichita to be only 50 miles ahead .
you ve heard of gentlemen farmers , the kind who run sweat shops in the city , but love their horses and cows in the country .
they reminded mary ann of the little cottages and country gardens where she had spent her summers as a child .
but most of them were catholics from brittany , ignorant country boys but deeply religious .
it was empty except for two pimps who stood under the gold clock , smoking and waiting for the young breton girls to arrive from the country so that they could seduce them .
the tinny am radio chirped and twanged with country music as they made it out of the city .
the classic warm , country hearth that in her mind smelled of fresh baking bread and bacon sizzling on a griddle , along with that wonderful foundational undertone of good , strong coffee .
table of contents first kiss excerpt from her wicked ways by darcy burke first kiss excerpt from a reluctant rake by jane charles first kiss excerpt from much ado about dutton by claudia dain first kiss excerpt from the devil to pay by catherine gayle first kiss excerpt from the officer and the bostoner by rose gordon first kiss excerpt from twice upon a time by samantha grace first kiss excerpt from what a rogue wants by julie johnstone first kiss excerpt from more than a governess by jerrica knight - catania first kiss excerpt from ruined by a rake by erin knightley first kiss excerpt from athenas ordeal by sue london first kiss excerpt from the love list by deb marlowe first kiss excerpt from lady of pleasure by delilah marvelle first kiss excerpt from heiress without a cause by sara ramsey first kiss excerpt from a scandalous pursuit by ava stone she was his savior banished from london for her reckless behavior , lady miranda sinclair is robbed by a dashing highwayman en route to the country .
a native oregonian , darcy lives on the edge of wine country with her devoted husband , their two great kids , and three cats .
miranda cringed when she realized they were not in lines as for a country dance , but in pairs set to waltz .
when her fianc returns from the peninsular wars , they ll get married , settle down in the country , start a family , and live happily ever after .
lets just say they are in and out of the country a lot so the three of us stick together .
he did n't need to hear it to know , she was listening to country or rock .
it was nt until he 'd given up on trying to shake his country roots in his pursuit of rock and roll fame that he 'd finally broken through to global stardom .
our own hometown bad - boy of country caleb ryce .
david 's hands began to move as he played the opening notes of ryce 's first hit , the hill country rose .
the house was down a country lane , set back from the main road .
it had once been a working farmhouse , but while the exterior maintained that country style , the inside had been completed renovated .
it was dark outside , and once they d left the main roads , the street lighting had practically disappeared as they drove along the winding country roads .
she boarded a flight at lax and flew across the country , toward anything auspicious .
my blood bleeds love red , my soul is wide open , an achingly smooth country voice sang , and reagan remembered hearing the brandon rhyder song on the radio the day before .
fatavoce is a word from the old country ; it means ' song maiden ' because those that were blessed with the gift are always women , without exception .
three days later i was informed that we were having brunch with his parents at the country club and that it was time for me to perform appropriately .
the third day we had brunch with his parents at the country club .
reagan glanced back at me from one of the captains chairs in our wood - paneled , dated chrysler town and country and gave me an are you okay look .
this house was decorated in a simple country style- lots of blue plaid , roosters , pig ceramics .
` ` that was in a simple english country house , goose .
mr . pearson , tonight 's host , had reproduced , down to his snuff - box , the life and times of english country gentry .
space in fashionable newport was dear ; the whole of aquidneck island could have been dropped into the park of one large country house in england .
` ` and yet when i was privileged to visit a very fine country house in suffolk the year before last , it did not seem so to me .
how unlike the country houses of england .
about the author usa today bestselling novelist antoinette stockenberg grew up wanting be a cowgirl and have her own horse ( her great - grandfather bred horses for the carriage trade back in the old country ) , but the geography just did n't work out : there were n't many ranches in chicago .
did nt you go to school out in the middle of the country ?
you ve let yourself be distracted by that country bumpkin cowboy .
and , finally , ed currick of the slash - c ranch in knighton , wyoming , is not a country bumpkin .
the family had already planned to remove to armand and felicitys country house and she looked forward to a holiday in the country .
the family had already planned to remove to armand and felicitys country house and she looked forward to a holiday in the country .
the entire family would again travel to the gardens , armands country estate in southampton , a day or so after the ball , and everyone , save armand and herself , had been thrilled to be included in the celebrated holiday gathering .
it reminds me of the country .
tomorrow when campion returned to the country , the gates of paradise would slam eternally shut behind her .
sadly fenella , while pretty enough to grace a country assembly , did nt sparkle in the capitals brighter lights .
even sebastian , from a small country village , knew of lady wintersons christmas ball , and how seemingly every year , there would be some couple or other that found romance there .
yes , he missed the country , and his friends , and even little susie westforth running wild over the hills on her horse .
this party this dress you re supposed to be riding your horse over the hills in the country , not dancing with idiots like parkhurst .
she would have happily left her quiet comfortable life in the country and followed will behind the drum in order to be with him .
brown studded leather couches , antler art chandeliers , old parchment looking drapes ; to kristen she had walked into some country living nightmare .
the country life was unique to her , curious , peculiar ; it was something she felt she could easily be a part of .
worn brown leather boots finished the ensemble and as kristen watched him remove his hat and duster and hang them on the coat rack next to the door , she saw a large country man morph into a worn older gentleman , skinny and tall .
and yet the decor was of a posh country western style she now adored .
it was n't like cody was a super genius , he was a regular every day hard working country guy who believed in pride of a job well done , love of country and self improvement .
it was n't like cody was a super genius , he was a regular every day hard working country guy who believed in pride of a job well done , love of country and self improvement .
after all , following a leisurely drive through the country to a charming small town , a good down - home meal and an exciting football game played between two rival teams , we d be in a good mood .
the look on jims face grew more and more grim as he alternately peered at his watch and maneuvered the car back and forth between two lanes of country folk who were not in any particular hurry to get where they were going .
it was the first time in my life i d ridden at 90 miles an hour along dark , country roads i did nt know .
as far as i know , she s never been too crazy about shrimp , crayfish , chicory coffee , or blackened anything so i doubt shed suddenly developed a plan to eat her way through the bayou country .
chapter 14 by mid - afternoon , i d lunched in lake charles , zipped along highway 10 through lafayette in the heart of the bayou country and was well on my way toward baton rouge .
to my surprise , a large country store appeared ahead .
there were plenty of turn - a - gay - kid - straight camps and isolated country estates .
it all came flooding back ; the three of them had driven across country .
a mix of americana , country , blues .
you said you ve been following tips , moving around the country trying to find her .
the car she rode in , a shiny blue convertible with whitewall tires , travelled swiftly down a country road , in the process spewing pink billows of dried clay into the sky .
although she had everythinga fine mansion just up the hill behind the trees , one of the biggest and most respected ranches in the country and thought extremely well of herself , maureen did not appreciate what mattered most .
` ` so , '' tiernan broke into her thoughts , reining phil through the gate and onto the country road .
his truck was parked near the country road .
james pulled over at a country store .
pine trees towered on either side of the narrow , country road .
~~~ that night , as james drove her new honda down the country road , joni closed her eyes and thought back to the events of the day .
we should ve gone to the country .
what with the hyperfocus on the grapes and the odd mix of country and city , it might as well be .
you 'd have thought they were planning a coronation , not a country wedding in cornwall .
light filters into the room from twin french doors that lead to a spacious patio overlooking the beautiful texas hill country .
i rest my head against the passenger window and try to take a power nap while she drives , but my mom keeps going on about some country club friend of hers whose husband was caught sleeping with a twenty - three - year - old intern .
she s probably terrified that big eyesore will lower the value of our home , or worse , that one of her country club friends will see someone of such low class parked in our driveway .
i suspect its because she knows shell look bad in front of all her country club friends .
jackson prefers country clubs to country bars , even though i used to beg him to take me dancing .
someone is playing country music from an apartment overhead , and andrs twirls me once , twice , and a third time before we continue down the walkway .
her tone is condescending , demeaning , like i m her errant toddler who s just pissed her pants in front of her country club friends .
i met some asians at the country club today , she rambles on in a haughty tone .
he wondered if she was a country girl .
when she blinked her eyes open , the sturdy country home loomed before her , like a respected matriarch , strong and proud .
it had been days since she 'd seen clint , busy as he was bringing stragglers in from the high country .
jessica stared at mabel , surprised by the large word coming from this back country cook , but quickly forgot it for the explanation of the last sixteen days .
to add fuel to their speculations his father bought a used kenworth truck and began hauling freight across the country .
the three men topped the rise and found themselves looking out at the sage covered hills that sloped up to the timbered ridges so common in this country .
it snowed often and hard in the high country and it was no place for a wheelchair bound person .
he left to go see his country wife for a couple of days , she said , still disgusted at the thought .
when you are sick of hearing the complaints of your city wife , you can escape back to your village and listen to fresh complaints from your country wife .
i ve often wished i could send my husband to his country wife for a week , so that i do nt have to put up with his demands all the time .
* * * she had decided against flying across the country after max had refused to get back into his kennel .
i suppose i can manage dinner , providing she does nt invite one of those simpering women from the country club .
becca said she knew of an old mill just a little outside of town that had been turned into a country store .
becca drove them away from town on country roads .
it amazed zach that they could be in such deep country less than ten miles from campus and the busy town that surrounded it .
becca had a duck confit and leek terrine served on a bed of red endive and accompanied by a boule of crusty country wheat bread .
he 'd placed ads in newspapers , local and cross country , and wondered if the call of the west would provoke responses from city girls .
she felt connected to cora and these hardworking country people .
she wanted to be here amidst these country folk and enjoying the sunshine , playing with children , and watching brant wield a hammer .
the same fiddlers from the barn - raising struck up happy tunes and the country folk celebrated heartily .
abby struggled with her dress until brant showed her how it was done by country women , and then lifted her onto the horse .
he kept yelling about how i broke his heart , til he sounded like a lyric from a cheesy country western song .
we d go out and sit on his front porch after well , afterwards , and we was naked as bluejays , rocking back an forth on his porch swing , quite a sight for the neighbors to see if he d had any neighbors , that is ; his place was out in the country , kinda .
we pulled off the freeway and drove up a long narrow country road that led up to like an old plantation house set back from the highway down a long row of trees that bent over the highway like they was inspecting us .
even the dog lying by the country store we stopped at dint seem to take much interest in anything , but just kinda lifted its head and barked out of a sense of obligation , even though you could tell it dint have its heart in it .
no one had warned her country life included squirrels with attitudes .
from what little emily knew of country life , she thought fields were supposed to be planted with crops or used to keep cows or something .
it was too far from the country club .
living out in the country was just too isolated .
emily had never heard such a variety of music in one night , from country to rock to jazz , but it all added to the atmosphere .
in their first burst of enthusiasm for country life , emily had decreed they should have a picnic .
follow me across the country with .
i found them lying on an old barrel in a country store in missouri , and i just had a feeling .
she pauses , of course it was nt enough to him to win , he had to marry a green little country rat from the backwater to teach me a lesson .
the place was pretty crowded , and we ended up with our bar stools close together and our feet sharing each others footrests as we leaned in to be able to hear over the country music blaring from a jukebox and the sports blaring from a big - screen television that hung above us .
she even said she would like living in the country with the right man .
laura did nt enjoy the country or the pond .
my mom wrote and said they were finally moving to the country .
why do n't the three of us go away to the country for a few days ?
well , franca started thoughtfully , we have a little house in the country now .
he used to sing happy country songs while cooking , affectionately call her mally tally ( did that even make sense ?
mayas grievances did not end here , she also had to sleep on a bright pink , fluffy , bouncy bed which was fit for a seven year old , had to meet her weird aunts every friday and sing stupid country songs with them , go on a morning job with her father every day ( which as time passed , did nt seem too bad ) , had to clean the house with her father every sunday and her train of thought stopped as her eyes landed on the one person she had not expected to see here at this point of time .
were still out in the country , so the light pollution from the cities is nt hiding them from view quite as much as i m used to .
on the stage a band played something that was a cross between rock and country music , as people in the audience danced and sang along with the lead singer , a twenty - something guy dressed in jeans and a t - shirt with his long hair tied back in a ponytail .
his wife , lady alena , had been wise enough to distance herself by visiting her sister in the country .
there was nobody to be seen , as always in this village once the darkness of evening settled in and everyone presumably stuffed themselves with hearty country food in the middle of a big and boisterous family circle .
i asked in a country accent momma would be proud of .
the country air was electrified by his presence in my life .
christian was cared for by the best in the country , but it was nt enough .
i ask to marry you , and you run across the country from me ?
he d been raised in the country and knew it was invaluable to ensure your safety , especially since there were a lot of wild boars in the area .
in the early sixties , bj , the current owner 's father , had purchased the old place and had turned it into a country bar .
stacy was such a country girl .
he was a short country fellow with a twang to his voice .
i do nt like how these country boys get , he said as he disappeared into the store .
dedicated to western movie lovers the world over other books by jeanne harrell ranchers girl whisperer always and forever being emma the darkest hour http : //www.jeanneharrell.com table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 about the author chapter one the movie opened with a stagecoach racing down a long , dusty road in the big country .
a long distance shot of the stage hurrying along this lonely stretch of road emphasized the emptiness of the countryside and displayed the movie title , big country a close - up of the wagon wheels turning furiously throwing out more dust and dirt displayed the actors names .
the big country was emphasized again when the camera caught it from a ways out , making the town practically a speck on the landscape .
he s not a western character yes , but he becomes one and settles down in the big country .
big country .
where was big country filmed ?
she dreamily thought about following a herd of horses galloping out in a big country landscape painted green and yellow and brown with gods paintbrush .
my top favorite is big country with gregory peck finished michelle .
she was a very long ways from baltimore and her destination in the big country had come at last chapter eight traveling up that gravel road , sarah continued to marvel at the landscape around her .
the ranch house , the people , the food , the country she was so out of her element that she felt she might be on mars .
they glided slowly to the country music , moving this way and that , trying to avoid bumping into other dancers .
are you up for a ride out in the open country now ?
it was big country come to life and she loved it .
the city gal he d seen at the hotel was gone and a country gal had taken her place .
city girl country boy she smiled at him .
nestled in the santa barbara wine country , he felt as though he were hiding in plain sight .
she grew up in the country on a farm quite a ways from the nearest neighbor .
she was in the beginning of telling her about roccos response to country music when valentina put her plump hands on savannahs arms , stilling her and effectively putting an end to the recap of events .
always attracted to a challenge , he took ap courses in school , ran the lonely mans sport of cross country , played football and basketball as well .
and , while it was a luxury ride , it could also go cross country with ease and out sprint anything in its weight class .
laura had not been paying attention to where they were in conyerville , but quickly recognized the country club where windmere held a company membership .
we country folk have that there interwebs too , ya know , he said , smiling .
he 'd picked up the pace as they came to the end of the poles and moved cross country toward the mountains .
reaching over , her grandma turned down the country song drifting from the radio .
i did nt feel like going home to my brothers and sister so i drove a few extra miles on an unlit back country road until i came upon the old wooden cabin that i knew my friends would be hanging out in .
at the country club .
* * * three days later , maggie and danielle plowed down the snow - laden country road to the mckinley tree farm .
those who knew him through business or country club functions would say that he , charles edwin blacksworth , was both fortunate and blessed .
fortunate to be the eldest , heir to the prestigious firm of blacksworth & company investments , fortunate to sit on the board as its ceo , blessed to have a beautiful wife , a gifted daughter , fortunate to own a 7,000 square foot tudor in essex estates , a membership to silver leaf country club , two mercedes .
izzy headed across country to find and destroy the monster that changed her , and then , end her existence for it was impossible to exist without jason .
you drove all the way across country ? ''
it was understandable that jason 's mom did n't like mei mean in the past month her son had ditched schoolchased me clean across the country and then , as soon as we got back , took off againand got shot .
jason had driven all the way across country to save me from myself and then just a week later taken me to georgia to help me make things right with the faulkners .
` ` oh no , mister , you are not ditching school again to go traipsing around the country with me looking for the faulkners . ''
chapter three not long after her trip had recommenced , leslie exited the superhighway 79 and ventured onto a smaller country road called route 19 .
the wood on wood scraping sounded like it could be a percussion section in a country anthem .
believe it or not , an old low country boy does own a suit .
tooty squared her shoulders in her gauche country dress and pasted a smile on her face .
she was a country girl through and through , no doubt about it .
she looked exactly like what she was , a country girl plopped amongst elegant , sophisticated city folk .
mrs . brightman said , ` ` everyone 's been asking about you at the country club .
chapter 13 : home sweet home tooty wanted to kiss the ground when miles pulled the van in front of her humble little country home .
she was a country girl , born and bred , and got tongue - tied around the kind of people he hung out with .
the caption said , ` ` famous author , maxwell henry , tricked into marriage by country bumpkin . ''
for that reason , his marriage to tooty townsend , a country gal with two children , comes as a shocking surprise .
of course , the question on everyone 's mind is whether this country bumpkin can keep the interest of the literary genius for longer than six months .
she envied her parents ' spacious french country kitchen with all the cookery amenities such as a sub zero fridge tucked behind the sage green wood cabinetry , the viking six - burner range , and new stainless steel double ovens along the north wall .
her country club folks were probably inside sipping martinis and kissing arse .
your folks probably drive a suv , have dinner at the country club every night and play piss - poor tennis here weekly . ''
and on a deeper level , i missed uppity - doo , the small country town in northern victoria i called home .
when we entered country roads , the extra thrust of the engines pushed me into the leather and i could only gaze at the blurring windscreen .
the band tonight played a mix of pop , country , some hip - hop , and a few big band numbers .
it was nt just fraternity roweveryone in the country was partying .
# # # other titles luna waning : book 2 of the luna cycle luna waxing : book 1 of the luna cycle country girl ( 2012 , film ) un - human ( 2011 , film ) # # # connect with celeste nix www.celestenix.blogspot.com @ celestenix on twitter https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / celestenix # # # casanova 's adventure of a lifetime introduction true love is finding that part of you only another can complete .
how about country ?
out there , outside of this coat closet , outside of georgia , outside of the country , was our little girl , a person who was half of victor , half of me .
candice and i learned how to play polo at a country club , i had late - night venting sessions with ellie , and met henrys sister , shelby and cousin greta .
so there s supposed to be a reception at the country club .
i drove with my mom and dad , julian , and duke to the country club , where adele ( no surprise there ) created a winter wonderland in the middle of the hot summer .
four days later , she was settled in the backseat of a car as abbys driver navigated the unfamiliar series of country roads that they were traversing .
its bright and cute and well taken care of , and i feel like i m the maiden aunt who just is nt quite right in the head that has been shipped off to the lovely little house in the country out of sight of society in some period novel .
i believe it was something to the effect of your idyllic country pastimes allowing you leisure to inspect potential suitors , choose a consort , and bring him home to be duly installed into his place in the kingdom , he answered her after a moment of reflection .
mellow country music came from the tiny speaker .
it was rough , rugged country and some winters could be downright nasty .
hill county might not be rich in money , but it was very rich in community and country pride .
christmas dinner at the country club .
not sure if it was from watching the dukes of hazzard reruns as a kid or moms love of country music , but honestly , if i spent time around any man with a southern accent and cowboy boots ?
and when an old country song rang out through the speakers , he looked at me with his wickedly naughty eyes and i knew he was up to something .
you 're in cajun country .
it made the country girl in her ready to beat the pink right out of any woman 's panties .
she laughed aloud just thinking about trevor living in the country .
stayed in the old country .
since when is derek a good ol country boy ?
crossing the country to chase your dream .
this is farm country , and for as far as we can see , there s nothing but fields stretching to infinity on the flat plain .
the guy tells us there s a country road that runs along the freeway , so we backtrack and begin our forced march , every mile as uncomfortable as any i ve walked , with the heat and stifling humidity .
for five more bucks , ill take you to the country club .
hey , little darlin , whatchou doin out here in gods country at this hour ?
the next contestant is a country singer , one of the others with guitars .
i could write a book about them , or at least , a pretty long country song .
years of practice at the westchester country club assured that my game was head on .
after a relaxing weekend in the country , i found myself full up on inspiration and initiative and short on things to do .
never been out of the country .
and he stayed as far from the country as he could because the silence was too much to take .
they d settled in the country and elinor had resolved to herself to be the perfect country wife .
they d settled in the country and elinor had resolved to herself to be the perfect country wife .
elinor had decided she was none too fond of the country .
her country house , the earl of ashmore would call it a cottage , was a four - day ride away but it tugged at her .
a fortnight was all she could spend away from the season , was all she could stand in the country .
she rose , all the dogs stretching and following her out of the room , to tell the housekeeper they would be leaving tomorrow for the country .
she s run off to the country .
why go to the country in the middle of the season when you were hunting a husband ?
unless you d found that husband and were gone to his country home .
and why would her going to the country trouble you ?
why did her going to the country trouble him so ?
her country estate .
she turned back to the smiling man shed spent two weeks in the country to get away from , only to find him here , in her home , when she returned , and he said , i had a long , frightening conversation with your brother in front of your house this past week .
she could nt decide if she wanted to shove him or kiss him again , and then he said , why did you go to the country ?
why did you go to the country so suddenly ?
perhaps i m trying to catch the fish of the season by running away to the country .
lady haywood muttered into her tea cup , i would do it by leaving the country as quickly as possible .
she laughed outright at that and sinclair said , ill have to go to the country .
between men who interrupted the quiet boredom of the country with the distraction of another mans wife .
the smell though ... george had to wash the country off as soon as possible and even elinor would have to wait .
it seems time in the country was just what you needed .
did he need to steal his wife away to the country for her forgiveness ?
she had nt hated the country back then and shed thought she would live out her life here in these green , rolling hills .
when shed clawed her way out of the laudanum stupor , shed thought about going to the country again .
so she had mrs . potts pack her a cold lunch , left george a note for when he got done with learning how to be an earl for the day , stuffed her dogs into her carriage , and prepared to spend the day tramping through country .
there were too many miles of wild open country between herself and abilene to attempt both alone and on foot .
he wanted to move the glove aside and kiss her wrist , her palm , but despite the smile , she was a country miss and this was her first ball .
oh yes , they seem to be thriving , quite settled into the life of a country parish .
a few weeks in london might have given her some town polish , but a lifetime of country living was not forgotten so quickly .
she was happy enough in the country but she came to life in town , rather more like miss christiana than her sister .
born in jamaica , she would rather stay in the country home she manages for her widowed brother and swim in the pond with her young niece .
` ` thing , you mean like in dragging you halfway across the country and getting you shot ? ''
` ` what kind of mother lets her son go traipsing off across the country after a freaky looking emo girl he hardly knows ?
on the way one night while he feed on livestock in a random country field , a young girl of no more than eight years old stumbled upon him .
she came back to him with a large plate of country fried steak and a small shot of liquor .
he kept to himself other than killing a few local thugs and rural goats that he happened to come across in the country side during his nightly excursions .
i heard he just bought a luxurious house in the country club .
rose and myra were constants at our house in the country .
i was more than happy to live with my little family in the country .
there were two hundred and fifty overly dressed , robotic - like socialites attending senator drakes campaign fundraiser in the ritzy gold ballroom of the citys country club .
pool party at the country club ?
ty just got a job in the north shore at a country club .
the only place ty goes in the north shore is his job at the country club .
so how is it that you were at a country club if you do nt work there ?
and you live there in the north shore , because you belong to a country club in the north shore .
the fact of the matter was if i brought this into the country club i could imagine there would be a free for all .
i d have to call the country club to make sure he did nt .
everyone at the country club kept asking me about my son .
everyone will think i m the lame new girl at the country club .
some of the junior members from the country club are coming over after the clubs pool party today .
the house had one of those modern layouts like the celebrities live in out in the country , wide halls and plenty of space to get lost in with its beauty .
his curfew is 2:00 a.m. , and he s informed me he will be at the country club with friends .
he s been informed to check in with you if he decides to go anywhere but the country club today .
you can take adelaide to the country club in the mercedes .
and just like that , i became the newest country club member .
chapter seventeen drake yawning , i pulled up to the country club in my red jag .
coopers dad owns the country club .
drake approached in his navy trunks , with a stamped country club towel draped over his sculpted arm .
the party at the good ole country club just was nt doing it for me .
you re a long way from the country club .
after she did nt catch drake at the country club she must have tried to call him all night .
she would nt even talk to me after we left the country club .
things went terrible after you left the country club .
claire turned around and got the attention of the other girl that was with adele at the country club .
i saw you at the country club pool party , and when i happened to see you coming in here today i just knew i had to meet you .
decided to introduce myself since ill be seeing lots of her around the country club with your sister .
i highly doubted being cordial was his intent , especially after that fine piece of art comment he made at the country club .
right in front of me , she slipped her shirt off , revealing that tight , sculpted body and those perfect breasts i witnessed at the country club .
the whole table where you sat at the country club saw the kiss you gave me .
i was ready for some freedom outside of the country club .
i decided to use a spare one here at the country club instead and was going to tell you to tell her not to bother looking for it .
he s also a member at the country club and is walking on thin ice with his parents already .
turning the corner , the country club came into view through the mercedes window .
pulling up to the valet at the country club , i shut off the engine , and got out of the car .
i was at the country club doing a shift .
lacey is at the country club , so i was going to try and go see her .
* i rushed to the country club .
there was a bit of a meltdown at the country club .
she is a member at the country club .
up until today she was only dropping hints , but the girl actually cornered me today when i stopped by the country club .
the two - story country home was much larger than ours , and the landscaping expanded for what seemed like miles out front .
the expression left the minute the door of the country manor opened .
then there s the way she stared at you while we had frozen yogurt together , the weird way you were acting at the store when i spoke to her , and do nt pretend like you did nt kiss her at the country club .
the word at the country club is that she spent the latter part of her evening caring for her sick grandmother .
could pick up your sister from the country club ?
you see , drake will be here any minute , and i do nt think he d like it if this wo nt take but a few minutes , and i ve sent my son to pick up adelaide from one of her lessons at the country club .
i knew for a fact my mom would never mention what happened this summer at the country club .
i may not be with lacey anymore , but i did nt need her name floating around the country club .
how is it you said you sent drake away to the country club to pick up adele , but he still managed to catch you at my home ?
the country club is a fair distance away , mr . drake .
any hovermobile could be programmed to fly anywhere in the city , in the country or abroad , so long as the location was within range .
i ask tess , diverting my thoughts from the eerie foreign country horror movie that i am making up in my head .
one guy is going to get us across the country to the north ?
he pulled the car into the parking lot in front of the country store which sat in the shadow of the twin mountains .
he walked to the counter beside a deli case holding big blocks of cheese and salty country ham .
the train ride home was peaceful as i listened to some country music from an app i d installed on my phone .
he indicated to zuba that the brothers would be in the country wednesday night to meet with him and take possession of the weapons .
i grabbed my mp3 player from beside my bed and set my eclectic mix of country , pop and classic rock to play .
it is the story of a young country girl caught up in the excitement of war and falling in love with a shy young soldier .
it was a long day for a young boy but alex accepted that he had to do it so , when it rained , hailed or snowed , alex could be seen treading up the hill and along the country road , homeward bound .
so while the rest of the camp were snoring alex was pounding the country roads around carlisle .
some he recognized as soldiers from the camp , smiling as he heard the distinctive , harsh accents of the north country folk .
other evenings he would spend either walking along the country lanes with ruth , or sitting in their house making conversation with her brothers .
they were sent out in pairs and alex was glad to be with his young dorset friend who was well - versed in country lore and so was well aware of anything poisonous in the hills .
chapter two cruising the roads that wound through south carolinas low country was a dose of therapy for my wounded soul .
the downtown buildings do nt stretch higher than the nearest church steeple , and there is nt another skyline like it in the country .
chapter three on my second day in charleston , i fell in lust , over a country ham biscuit at dianas .
my head hurt too bad to go back to sleep and my plan was to surprise everyone with country ham biscuits for breakfast .
they were nt specifically on the menu , but homemade biscuits were and country ham was , and dianas would happily make a takeout order if they had the ingredients .
what could be better than warm beignets and country ham biscuits for breakfast ?
i noticed that he was eating a country ham biscuit .
mamma set a plate in front of her while daddy handed over the remaining country ham biscuit and the box of beignets .
he always thought they were country hicks .
it was beautiful country with mountainous views and trendy restaurants .
the first morning i was here , when i got country ham biscuits for breakfast the same time you were out getting beignets from josephs ?
a fund - raiser for the historic charleston foundation , there would be a meal of traditional low country cuisine , a silent auction and live music by the frank duvall jazz trio .
over a dropped country ham biscuit , in dianas at the espresso bar .
were going to buy a big motor home and do some traveling around the country , mamma said .
by next year , we might be ready to do a cross country loop .
with , like , a country club logo on the front ?
and you said the jacket was a red windbreaker with a country club logo on the front ?
she took the beat - up family station wagon and drove into town , taking her time , humming along with the country song on the radio .
he smelled something delicious as soon as he stepped inside , and asked her in french if there was enough for three , because he could hear country music coming from dads study , so he knew dad was home , too .
there was a rocking country music riff repeating itself somewhere .
he s going to faint his first night in the country and its only been an hour since the airport .
the first night in the country and already they have tried to kill him .
he remembered that she was attractive at least he thought she was attractive while he was writing letters , and later , when he was driving across a great country in a small car , crying nearly the whole time .
i turned on the radio and started singing along to one of my favorite country bands as we headed down the road to destination unknown .
do your fancy friends in seattle like your country twang at all ?
jeanette wanted her to take him out of country .
5 - the store i did nt know what was on it until we pulled up to the stop sign on our way to the country store to get some comfort food for my girls .
his grass needed mowing , and a pile of sawdust and leftover wood pieces covered the workshop porch , but otherwise the backyard looked like a picture out of a country homes magazine .
* saturday morning , parker drove his fathers 4x4 into the gentillianos sprawling country estate on a bluff overlooking long island sound .
she reached her turn , but after going a mile or so down the country road , she began to think shed made a mistake .
jeremiel led her into the kitchen which , like the living room , was smaller than she remembered , far more worn , with dreadful dark - brown cabinets and an orange formica countertop which clashed with her mom 's country - blue tablecloth and dish towels .
looking on the bright side , darcy thought , having left the autoroute and the route nationale for narrower country lanes , the cars windscreen wipers had provided the perfect metronome - like backing band for her sing - song chant .
the new car was a joy to handle , small enough to avoid all those big hogs on the narrow country roads and peppy enough to zip past slower cars on the motorway .
she sauntered along the drive , enjoying the feel of the sun after the damp dullness of the previous days and the peace and quiet of a country morning only interrupted by the tuneful chirp of birds singing in the trees .
hmm nomnom , that s so good , she spoke around the mouthful , her voice slightly muffled , he s skipped the country to go and live in sunny brazil with his baby - mama , or at least i think he has i have nt heard from him in weeks , '' she did nt add that he d stopped support payments for the children around the same time .
i guess i like the country feel .
i did nt fit into that lifestyle , with the country clubs and boat parties and fancy cars .
no doubt , they d be happier running in open country .
they were buried in the country , living in a small cottage on the edge of a meadow , within sight of the vicarage .
i saw a big country girl with a ruddy complexion and thick limbs and worst of all , a bosom that never ended .
you 'd never get a bike over that kind of country .
on the bankside of the house are cascading bushes of wild dog roses , a pastel pink single flowered and highly fragrant rose that grows wild throughout the country side .
they were dying to look at the tv crew but typical of many small country places , they would nt let it be seen that they were impressed by anything foreign !
she said she would have given her right hand to be living at home then , with the freedom to walk the country roads and drop in on relatives and show them her beautiful child .
also by this author the old schoolhouse ( a short story ) a short story of an evocative visit to an old country schoolhouse .
the car bounced on the rocky surface of the country road .
i could meet you at the remington country club , where my family has a running membership , and treat you to some tennis lessons .
~ chapter five ~ lily driving up the tree lined boulevard that fronted the remington country club , i basked in the vision of the ebullient florals that lined my route ; the ruby red roses , golden hibiscus and lavender lilies that filled the meadow beside me .
within moments i found myself standing on the green clay courts of the remington country club ; my plain white tennis shoes pounding the pavement as i ran back and forth ; managing to strike every ball that oliver shot in my directionreturning it clean and clear over the net , in the direction of my impressed opponent .
contents prologue first time asthma layla seven more minutes phone call decision rooks nest paperwork makeup restaurant taking her home doubts the flower market mr . birch prison first kiss rumbled stabbed gone tracey fizz club beaten old geezer hard sell his place richmond bens girl independence charity dinner baby weekend in the country bens room fatherly advice dinner gong trust cheating pleasure honolulu no return the meeting birch boys jimmy gunshot get a room waking up ambulance bad news dirty work confusion last straw epilogue read more by cody young prologue two young doctors breezed through the waiting room like rising stars from the screen actors guild .
fresh - faced girls new to london who missed the country life .
weekend in the country oh , good , ben said .
fatherly advice sunday was a leisurely day that began late and babbled along at like a country stream .
i m returning thursday and i d like to know if you d ride with me through the country ?
i m going to the country this weekend .
she noted a second call she 'd make , to a california wine country artist for one of her vibrant colored pencil drawings .
i ' m a country boy .
peggy maneuvered the roomy chevy suburban down the vacant interstate highway , then up the dark country roads toward the b - bar-3 .
on the one weekend afternoon she had free before the unveiling , she drove to the santa ynez valley wine country to pick up a color drawing she had selected from watercolorist kathy shannon 's latest show .
this was my weekend to choose and since shed had an obligation with her roommate on saturday night , i had chosen tennis at the country club on sunday .
the conversation turned to light discussions of the agenda for tomorrow mornings executive meeting and as we turned onto the tree lined street that led up to the country club my family had belonged to for ages , i basked in the simple comfort that spending time with her gave me .
kira had arranged them artfully with bowls , a tasteful lovebird sculpture she and jeremy had received on their wedding day , a couples golf tournament trophy they won at his familys country club , and several framed photographs of family and friends .
when i think of france i think paris , crepes , the eiffel tower , and enchanting little villages in wine country .
heart broken and homeless sounds like a bad country song .
i was nt sure why malphas had picked a location in the middle of the country , but i was game to follow him anywhere to get things over with .
the traffic bunched and then thinned out , as the blacktop headed out into the hill country that encircled the great city .
jesse was so intent on these reproaches that he did not notice the track level off , and the country fall away around him .
she 'd chased him across the country , then chased him down at breakfast .
` ` it 's willy wonka 's country home . ''
his voice was rough and scratchy , layered with deep country and , unless i was mistaken , whiskey .
they pulled off the road and into the parking lot of a small country hardware store .
her top was gingham and tied in a knot between her full br**sts , giving her a country - girl appearance he was sure went over well with the men visiting the area .
no , they want me in the country club playing tennis with the daughters of nice families , but hey , this is where i want to be .
even though she had looked at all the hotels and country houses in magazines , she had little practical experience in getting the right look .
he would like to have asked why these animals went out into the traffic but conversation seemed to be forbidden so instead , he listened to endless country and western songs all about losers and drunkards and people who had been betrayed .
' but she does n't trust them , she thinks they 're country hicks . '
the dream of a small country practice had slipped away .
he thought i should get a fresh start in the country .
his family , one of the most prominent in baltimore , had made their fortune in banking and were immensely wealthy and clannish , the type of family that sat on the boards of various corporations and instituted policies at country clubs that served to exclude those they regarded as inferior .
originally named for the woman who once ran one of the most famous brothels in north carolina , it rolled past the former country home and burial plot of richard dobbs spaight , a southern hero who 'd signed the declaration of independence .
with the sunglasses perched neatly on her nose , she looked more like the city girl she was than someone from the country .
he wore navy suits , dark knit ties , and black running shoes while in court , which gave him a sort of country bumpkin appearance .
` ` i ... like raising horses on my country estate . ''
` ` i ' m leaving for a sennight at my country estate tomorrow afternoon , '' he said .
we 'd have one day in the country to ourselves . ''
` ` be sure you find the libretto and bring it with you when we leave for the country then , '' she said and disappeared into the soft night .
if that were the case , she 'd be under arrest instead of rattling along toward a sennight at the duke 's country seat .
sebastian 's country home was as elegant and formal as the man himself .
` ` so much for a day in the country to ourselves . ''
the countess had declared it would be one last hurrah before society abandoned london entirely to the heat of summer and escaped to their country homes till autumn brought them back to town for the ' little season . '
but there was no denying the house looked shabbier than usual after sebastian 's grand country manor .
` ` your mama and papa have moved to a place in the country .
` ` i need to take her to the country this night , '' he said softly .
chance was n't earning any money while they were flying from one remote airfield in the country to another , and neither was she .
his people had tracked two of hauer 's men into the country and maintained discreet but constant surveillance on them .
and then a few years ago i started working on my place in the country .
he sang ninety - nine verses of that , then performed a series of other songs until they left the freeway and wound up on a narrow country road with almost no traffic .
the boy stood on the highest knoll of the low country in the western kingdom of the ring , looking north , watching the first of the rising suns .
he reached a clearing and saw his village spread out below : a sleepy country town , packed with one - story , white clay homes with thatched roofs , there were but several dozen families amongst them .
thor hid in the straw in the back of a wagon as it jostled him on the country road .
she was probably just making fun of him , the country bumpkin , amusing herself at his expense .
thor shook his head , embarrassed , feeling more like a country rube than ever .
thor walked with reece out the arched gate of king 's court and onto the country road that led to the legion 's barracks .
the well - paved roads gave way to untended country roads .
he waved his arms , trying to keep his balance , but his head spun , and christ , the bloody noise in his head ... he could n't think , oh , jesus , he felt as if his bones were dissolv- it was full dark when he came to himself , but the clouds had broken and a three - quarter moon shone in the deep black of a country sky .
hearing of this , he had sent at once to adams , summoning him to the duke 's country home at earlingden .
the duke , hearing of the warrant , sent to my lodgings that evening , and summoned me to call upon him at his country home , immediately .
to grey 's astonishment , he was reciting ' elegy in a country churchyard ' .
he is reported by several sources to have recited grey 's ' elegy written in a country churchyard ' in the boat on the way to battle - and i think that 's a sufficiently odd thing to have done that the reports are probably true .
a distant clop of hooves , as the farmers ' wagons came in from the country , full of vegetables , fresh meat , eggs and flowers .
he insisted that , in her line of work , staying at one of england 's great country houses counted as research and client cultivation .
he had a full schedule of activities planned to keep her entertained and give her a slice of english country life , and he intended to introduce her to the family at a charity polo match taking place nearby on sunday .
tables and chairs were arrayed across the rolling lawns , each decorated with fresh flowers , and , in a green touch that ariella especially loved , an assortment of beautiful tableware and linens borrowed and bought from collections , antique stores and markets , for a spontaneous yet luxurious , country garden picnic feel .
sounded like a bad country song .
fresh country air and home cooking , she used to admonish .
the lights flicked off , and they were wrapped in the dark silence of the country road .
` ` well , the first thing that you have to understand is that in the country we were n't ever poor .
you get to drop me off and then you make yourselves scarce till you pick me up in two hours and then we tell hollis that we spent the afternoon running around the country . ''
they listened to a country radio station turned up so loud that the twangs of steel guitars were distorted in the hearse 's old speakers .
and it felt so good to sing with those trumped - up , hound - dog country accents .
` ` beautiful day in the country , '' she said .
bills from the country corner general store and the feed store , stabling and lessons checks from the twelve families who paid to board their horses at the barn , postcards and leaflets and flyers .
` ` we 're looking for the country haus bed and breakfast .
he parked in front of the country haus bed and breakfast .
liam snapped enough pictures for a town and country layout .
she loved new york , but at heart she would always be a country girl .
apparently he had n't been in the country long , because his accent was so thick that it was nearly impossible to understand him .
she had no idea what his christmas plans were ; maybe he 'd already left for a caribbean cruise or a country inn in vermont , she thought whimsically .
the days of sunday - afternoon excursions into the country had long since passed .
` ` where 'd you learn to sing country music like that ? ''
` ` oh , that 's just great ... city mouse goes country , all because the little woman made him do it .
after circuiting the town for the third time , he headed into the country .
jeremy drove slowly , navigating carefully through the fog - covered country hills .
` ` then it is fortunate that we are in the country , where people are less inclined to notice .
` ` i take it that your reputation leaves much to be desired , '' isabella said a short while later as she and mr . goodard stepped nimbly forward between the colonnade of expectant ladies and gentlemen who 'd chosen to participate in the country dance .
isabella enjoyed the quadrille immensely , mostly because it allowed for more conversation time with mr . goodard than the country dance had done .
this is a masquerade , after all , we are in the country and you are not familiar to anyone .
after all , she was a country miss and not in need of coddling like she imagined some of the london ladies would be .
she was no longer some simple country miss whom he could take for a tumble without consequence .
` ` you move with remarkable grace , my lady , '' brekenbridge said mere moments later as he and rebecca made their way along the line of couples in a longways country dance .
` ` my parents and i had gone to visit grandmamma and grandpapa for a couple of weeks at their country estate one year .
` ` this house is not a simple country cottage .
` ` i ' m already looking forward to taking my aunt and uncle 's curricle out on country drives and going on picnics .
` ` is n't this a country bar ? ''
it 's too bad this was n't still a country bar , did n't country bars always have peanuts ?
it 's too bad this was n't still a country bar , did n't country bars always have peanuts ?
` ` you went to a country bar ? ''
` ` it 's only country on thursday nights . ''
jennifer to beth > > flame 98 , bringing today 's country hits straight to the heart of the heartland .
a light country breeze blew across his face and cars whizzed past .
luckily , he never ran into any of them in his favorite grease joint , which happened to be a country music bar that played some of the best undiscovered talent around .
friends , from near and far , were taking advantage of the open bar , free food , and euphoria at being at the exclusive country club .
sierra felt more of a pang over her sister getting to visit one of the country 's she 'd always wanted to go to , than over the loss of mason .
truly , i had never seen a more beautiful country home .
i had lived in the country before , after all , and while the memories were bittersweet - time away from friends and family , a grueling work schedule - i 'd lived here in a time of my life that felt so short in hindsight .
the quiet streets that i ran on when i was a kid surround me and i take in the quiet scenery as i drive through town to the country .
as i pull onto the long drive , surrounded on both sides by flowering trees , i take a deep breath of country air and exhale it .
` ` dominic , my old car could n't even make it to work , let alone around a fancy country club racetrack . ''
i have to admit , i ' m completely stumped as we drive toward the country , out of the city .
no doubt he 'd make some country club daughter a very good husband .
outside the door stood two girls exactly like the country club member i 'd been picturing in my head as marcus hardy 's wife .
could she not tell i did n't exactly run around with the country club crowd ?
i was n't aware country club boys new any tricks , '' will ow teased .
a smoggy haze hung over the city , reminding everyone that too many cars zipped down too many highways in this once - pristine corner of the country .
her sister was marrying a thirty - seven - year - old ski bum who dreamed of being a country and western singer .
i want to marry an itinerant country and western singer who ca n't even headline at cowboy bob 's western roundup in lake chelan .
the once - wild yard had been tamed , trimmed , and planted ; it now looked like an english country garden .
she was - is - a pediatrician who loves country music .
maybe the country music awards .
` ` you said your sister was a country girl .
it stuck in her craw to be welcomed to her own sister 's party by country boy .
fifteen minutes later , meghann was in her car , speeding down the country road toward hayden .
he 's a country cat .
my sister married a country singer who happens to be a felon . ''
they 'd toured opryland and seen the country music hall of fame .
he 'd sung his songs for one executive after another until he 'd finally found himself in the big corner office that overlooked the street of country and western dreams : music row .
he passed on a song - one called ` ` dark country corners '' -and then mentioned that it 'd be a good match with my voice .
` ` we ' ve got plenty of country songs to choose from . ''
we drove for almost an hour , going far out into the country .
there 's even a country club nearby arnie 's a member of , he could arrange for the reception to be held there . ''
music began to play from the pa system , soft country strains .
if i had n't already known it , jeff singing a sweet country song to me as his vows proved i 'd made the right choice .
there was a huge fireplace that was crackling at the moment and a country theme to it .
she preferred the country life so much better than a big city , in which you could get lost in .
it 's most definitely beautiful country out here , '' joseph said .
my beautiful wife , katherine and i have chosen to live in the city but mark has always been a country boy so it belongs to him now .
everyone was smiling and laughter could be heard above the sound of the country music playing in the background .
she started to feel a bit better , as she leaned against the railing and breathed in the fresh country air .
she loved the huge country kitchen and could n't imagine ever getting bored working her magic in it .
he sang along to the country tune that was being played by the live band and she glided along the star lit dance floor , like a true princess , being courted by her prince charming .
she 'd never been out of the country before and she could n't wait to explore the beautiful country of austria .
` ` you 're in a private hospital , the best one in the city of seattle , if not the country , '' the nurse said proudly , while seeming to stand up a bit straighter .
she cried out in pleasure when she saw a pack of wolves traversing through the rough country .
max 's next adventure for her was to take her through the country in a snowmobile .
he turned the radio to a country station and quietly started navigating the vehicle , letting her get used to the idea of finally being free from what she considered a prison .
` ` do i like living in the country ? ''
she smiled when she thought that by noon tomorrow she 'd be with her mom , sitting in her big country kitchen , while chaos erupted all around her .
all in a garden green where late i laid me down upon a bank of chamomile where i saw upon a style sitting , a country clown ...
... holding in his arms a comely country maid .
she prefers sharp to flowing lines , brooding to pouting , and rock and roll to country and western .
` ` men , would that i could let you , like cincinnatus , retire like gentlemen soldiers to the country , but the city is still in need .
` ` i took her to lunch at the country club and i ' ve never been so mortified in my life .
` ` i got word last week that tammie lee and i have been accepted into the seattle country club . ''
one of jacqueline 's first thoughts when she was introduced to tammie lee was that paul had ruined his chances of ever joining the country club .
` ` this is the recipe you 're submitting to the seattle country club cookbook ? ''
` ` actually , i think it 's because of tammie lee 's cooking that we got accepted by the country club . ''
` ` and there was always the easter egg hunt at the country club . ''
chapter 18 jacqueline donovan j acqueline had been a member of the birthday club since joining the seattle country club years ago .
it was gratifying to know that her years of volunteer work with the country club were paying dividends .
the thought of her daughter - in - law 's recipe for boiled peanuts and cheese grits in the country club cookbook made jacqueline shudder .
i had the impression that the only women she allowed into her life were her country club friends .
and jacqueline 's country club friends had purchased four hundred dollars ' worth of yarn .
all the women at the country club went to her , and if they did n't , they wanted to .
she jerked open a drawer and reached for the country club directory .
i ' m meeting reese at the country club in an hour - we 're having drinks with some old friends .
` ` i do n't think she 's part of the country club set , '' i protested .
with his white hair and beard , my first thought was that he resembled charlie rich , the country singer .
alix has volunteered to bake the cake and jacqueline insists we have the reception at the country club , but bethanne is the one organizing it all .
the eastern washington community was like small towns all over the country .
after paying the tab , susannah followed carolyn down the narrow country road .
as susannah drove the dark country road to carolyn 's home , she felt an overwhelming sense of discouragement .
` ` the last thing i remember was you telling me jacqueline and reese had decided to hold the reception at their country club . ''
` ` from what my mother told me , jacqueline had to call in all kinds of favors to get the country club for a saturday in june , '' jordan said .
` ` but , jordan - the country club ? ''
the wedding was scheduled for five o'clock in the afternoon , followed by a dinner and reception at the country club .
she also booked his tee times at the local country club , made reservations for his dinner dates and set up all his appointments .
there 'd even been talk of a horse - drawn buggy to transport ` ` the bridal couple '' from the church to the country club .
against her better judgment , she 'd given in on this country club reception , because she knew a big reception would please jordan 's mother .
` ` cheesecake would be perfect for the wedding dinner at the country club .
tammie lee had invited all their friends from the country club , where both couples were prominent members .
` ` i do n't think she knows a lot of the women who frequent the country club , '' i said .
` ` but all the money jacqueline and reese have put into this reception ... '' ` ` they should never have booked the country club before they discussed it with us .
` ` we 'll go to the country club afterward . ''
the country club 's been booked , the dinner ordered .
you did n't ask me to set this up at the country club .
naturally , jacqueline and tammie lee planned to attend , even though they 'd already been part of another shower for alix at the country club .
reese and jacqueline had canceled the orchestra they 'd hired for the country club reception ; with alix and jordan 's permission , they 'd arranged for a five - piece band instead .
they 'd raised their children together , belonged to the same country club and were active members of several charitable organizations .
darting around the twisting country roads , lillie revealed her skill as a driver .
lillie left the house to meet jacqueline donovan at the exclusive seattle country club .
much of their social life revolved around the country club , although both had plenty of friends outside it .
visit the civil war battlefield in gettysburg and then go to amish country that evening as anne marie put away the dinner dishes , ellen sat at the kitchen table , doing her homework .
` ` it 's just that clark 's so well - connected and his mother and i- '' ` ` his mother invited you to the country club and you met all the people you read about in the paper . ''
it 's only a matter of time before he 's back on the golf course and we 're dancing at the country club again .
` ` if i ' m going to see the country , i do n't feel i can delay it anymore .
year after year he said we 'd drive across the country , but something always interfered .
` ` you 're planning to drive across the country with my mother , '' he said .
if we 're going to see the country , we need to get off the interstate .
with max it was cold beer , loud country music and one night in vegas .
it was n't as if she could climb on the back of his harley and travel across the country without a care in the world .
` ` we 're driving across the country ... . we 're in branson and we- oh , none of that 's important . ''
it 's beautiful country . ''
she said this as if it were little more than a sunday drive in the country .
they seemed fine when i did n't have to slog through a foot of mud cross country .
lucy wore a demure , white - ruffled dress that made her look twelve instead of seventeen , and jeanette had made lucy remove all earrings before they 'd headed to the country club .
think of how much empty country there was out here , with the high desert stretching to the east , the wooded , rugged mountains of the cascade range to the west .
but she could be anywhere in the vast empty country comprising forests and high mountain desert that stretched in every direction from angel butte .
if you just happen to run into one , you would n't have to tell him right away about the small country thing . ''
` ` he could overtake the small country , and i could buy it .
that would be like trusting a teenage boy to drive across country the day after getting his license .
so we 're going to have to go across country , through woodland .
` ` i might have grease under my fingernails , lori , but i ' m not a country bumpkin .
at seven , muttering under her breath , maryellen drove down a dark country road , using a flashlight to check addresses on mailboxes , searching for jon 's driveway .
she suddenly realized that after all the years she 'd spent living in town , she would n't mind life in the country .
instead he headed for open country and i knew that once he was outside town and away from the eyes of any witnesses , he would rape and murder me . ''
` ` they did n't want any part of a daughter who 'd gotten pregnant out of wedlock with a country boy whose dream was to carry on the tradition of his family 's store .
and , at forty - five - minute intervals in between the home - cooked country meals , nick and elizabeth talked .
it was a classic country fair , with rides , entertainment , animals and all kinds of exhibits .
the band had just struck up a country waltz .
his skin had been tanned by country air and sun when he had first come to the institute , though six months of city life had drained its color , causing the red flush across his cheekbones to stand out .
it is one thing to declare you are not afraid of anything when you live in the country , but this is london . ''
they were passing through disagreeable country now too , where the mud made the rocky pathway treacherous .
surely she would be happier in idris , or in some country house , watching her children run over green lawns and not worrying constantly about the fate of all shadowhunters .
the automatons joined hands and began to sway as if they were at a country dance .
as he moved farther into the heart of the country , the soft green rolling hills grew starker , the road steeper , and the sun began to sink toward the rim of the distant mountains .
the pedestrians , mostly men , who hurried by , chins dug into their col ars to block the light rain that had begun to fall , were not as fashionably dressed ; they looked ` ` country , '' like the farmers who came into manhattan on occasion , recognizable by the redness of their big hands , the tough , sunburned skin of their faces .
mortmain seems no one to these people but a wealthy industrialist who purchased a country manor he rarely visits ; i encountered no rumor about any connection of his to the shades , whose legacy here seems long forgotten .
the lightwoods ' country house in chiswick , just outside london proper , was massive , built in the pal adian style , with soaring pil ars and multiple staircases .
` ` a little overwhelming for a colorado country girl , but your resume showed you have enough experience to handle the place .
` ` so what brings you across the country to the city that never sleeps ? ''
` ` hey , country , '' he said , motioning to one of her booths in the corner .
` ` yeah , country , it 's a compliment . ''
the live band pounded out a raucous country song that had the dance floor filled to capacity with people line dancing .
i would have imagined dillon with his rebel image to have the long hair and you with the staid image of a country vet to have short , very neat hair . ''
lacey was the county sheriff , and she paid a call from time to time to see how things were in the high country .
i ' m in a red truck , bouncing down a country road , singing along to the radio .
goss did n't care for scenery , at least not the country kind .
` ` pretty country , '' toxtel offered after a few minutes ` ` i guess . ''
i was cruising around the country , not sure what i wanted to do .
she 'd pointed out that he would be traveling alone through some very rough country , that he would be in snow , that he did n't have the right clothing , and that the dangerous conditions still existed .
matt liked laura , on some levels , but she was as cold as the stone walls of her family 's country estate .
the duke , hearing of the warrant , sent to my lodgings that evening and summoned me to call upon him at his country home immediately .
to grey 's astonishment , he was reciting ` ` elegy written in a country churchyard . ''
while the buildings might be outdated and the lampposts antiques , the town itself represented the very heart of the country .
rural america was as foreign to him as timbuktu , but she 'd grown up in a small town in the middle of the country , and she knew how to make herself inconspicuous , how to blend in .
traffic was sparse , because i-70 was a long way to the north , and down here in farm country the only people driving around were the people who lived here - and not many did .
not that they did n't exist , but they tended to wind around for miles and then just stop , and you had to either backtrack or cut across country , in which case you better know where in hell you were going and have a four - wheel - drive vehicle with heavy - duty suspension .
he 'd have to time his move ; as they got farther west the country would get rougher , and nightfall became more imminent .
he 'd find the best place in the country for her , someplace where her body would be tenderly cared for .
we had offers from country music stars and celebrities for that house because it was truly his best work , but it was our home .
she was listening to an fm country station , but the volume was turned low because she did n't want to disturb her patient , who was sleeping peacefully .
like letting my children cross the country for college .
go with him to that backwater out in the country .
held every year , lasts several weeks and has foodie and wine lovers in the country and in europe coming into town to enjoy themselves . ''
the radio hummed country music .
` ` wordsworth was remembering his sister whom he 'd been reproached for taking long walks with in the country .
he 'll keep the party going with a good mix : pop , country ... . '' okay , lesson on tate and music .
` ` oh ... . pop and country ?
` ` so , you like pop and country ? ''
` ` mostly country , '' i heard ben answer .
she found herself pining for things she 'd always said she hated at home , like country music and gas station fried chicken on a stick .
she always talked about how we 'd drive across the country and then up the west coast one day .
he is making his stepsister work at the country club ?
we are a country club .
rush turned toward the country club .
we drove the short distance from his house to the country club .
the only country in rosemary was the country club and that was n't anything close to what we were walking into .
i 'd thought downhome country boys would be different .
i headed to the country club .
elizabeth got herself kicked out of country day so she could go to public school .
` ` i ' m surprised they have n't thrown you out of the country club . ''
did he belong to any country clubs ?
you do n't know whether i want to stay at country day or transfer to latin .
that 's why he 'd bought a house in the eastover neighborhood , why he 'd put her on the list to attend charlotte country day school the day she was born .
he 's attending country day on a football scholarship and was hoping to win a scholarship to an ivy league college .
at the o'connors ' country home in leesburg , laine greeted them with a warm smile and hugs .
` ` that sounds like a country song . ''
* * * the reception was held at a local country club .
before they met , that road seemed to go nowhere at all ; it was just a country lane named after an insect no one had ever seen in this rugged blue and green corner of the world .
grinning at her , pat hit the gas and they were off like a rocket , blasting down the quiet country lane .
john denver 's voice floated through the speakers with ` ` thank god i ' m a country boy . ''
she sat back in the comfortable leather seat and watched the scenery go from city to town to country , from high - rises to low fences , from bumper - to - bumper traffic to slow , winding tree - lined roads with only a few other cars in sight .
i ' ve lived out of the country for so long and i do n't have an actual place i call home here .
to a country station .
chapter 15 snowfall in the city is very different from snowfall in the country , thought julia , as she and gabriel walked through the cascading flakes to his building so he could pick up his car .
in the country , you can hear the snow whispering around you , the large , fat flakes unfettered by skyscrapers and office buildings .
i eloped with hawthorne , and westfield left the country until his father passed on .
` ` we are retiring to the country with my family .
the elderly lord dayton had retired with her to the country , where they stayed the entirety of their short marriage .
in the quiet of the country night , the clashing of steel was a bold cacophony .
they we d and retired to the country , where he used his considerable knowledge of subterfuge and combat skil s to train her .
the sight of his richly clad form in the simple country room was glaring .
he was dressed as a country gentleman , and the more leisurely appearance suited him well .
it saves me the long drive in the middle of the night back to the country . ''
i was just a hot - blooded country boy caught up in the high energy of the city lights .
* * * thursday was bright and warm , a perfect day to spend in the country .
said by anyone else , without chase 's easy grin , it would have sounded like a bad country western song .
i may have wanted to run away from this all , but i ' m a country boy at heart . ''
we 'd made plans to play tennis at the country club where both he and my father were members .
` ` he took me to his country club for tennis and then lunch on the terrace . ''
` ` i do n't do roses and candles and country clubs .
do n't tell me it 's another hot date with that country club schmuck . ''
we 'll meet in front of the sherman oaks country club . ''
i had grown up in this pool , on the patio of this country club , but somehow watching lily enjoy it was even better than my own memories .
my dad in turn referred him to several clients for remodeling projects - wealthy people at the country club - and cade 's business had grown considerably in a short time .
pale lavender walls , royal purple velvet coverlet , and black sheers covering white plantation shutters made the space rather exotic in comparison to the country look of the living room .
left out here in the country , it was far too easy to forget those things .
walking about on country roads in this weather - and clad in a light summer dress - was pure madness .
when he should have been motivated to grab her ass and beat a path out of the country as fast as he could , instead he 'd kissed her and acted like an a**hole on the make .
instead he traveled the country in a wagon , working with animals until his hands were so hard , calluses scraped the fabric of my suit .
` ` you enjoy wandering the country in a wagon ? ''
` ` you think we 'd drag them across the country and back again ?
` ` let 's go to the country , '' i say .
the satellites take a moment , but she is pinpointed south of moscow , at the location of the petrovich country estate .
a quaint little farmhouse in need of love , a sagging wraparound porch , and three green acres that cascaded down to the black ribbon of a quiet country road .
they 'd had a country club wedding , complete with dj and no - host bar , and gone to honolulu for their honeymoon .
a trip to the country was just what he needed .
she 's quite innocent , you understand , and has spent the whole of her life in the country . ''
the only highlights of her country life had been daydreaming in the fields , walking , and writing her own stories - all of which , according to aunt , were unacceptable .
what he really wanted ... no , what he needed was to live in the country away from temptation .
he would go to the country , perhaps retire for a while , maybe find a country woman who would want to marry him and give him children .
he would go to the country , perhaps retire for a while , maybe find a country woman who would want to marry him and give him children .
he smiled for the first time in an hour as he thought of his new country bride .
a quiet country mouse was just what he needed .
especially if that country mouse took his thoughts away from the siren he was having to spend every waking moment with .
her own aunt seemed mesmerized by his presence ; if he ever chose to marry it would most likely be royalty , not some untitled lady from the country .
` ` i guess you could say i ' ve sowed my wild oats and now want nothing more than to retire to the country like an old man . ''
it would be better for you to marry a duke , better for me to marry some country maiden who would be happy just to marry a titled gentleman , regardless of the scandal . ''
` ` so you would marry a country maiden over me ?
she found it ironic nicholas actually desired a simple country girl , oblivious to the fact that she was just that , nothing more .
if she refused him , could she simply go back to her country life ?
` ` i grew up in the country . ''
` ` i grew up in the country , my sisters ran off to gretna green .
in my heart i could n't do that , so i took the child into the country to be raised by my sister and her husband . ''
she looked like a foreign princess , not some country maiden during her debut .
london had been good to her , which was odd ; usually the country was good for londoners .
while her chamber was filled with beautiful earth tone colors which he hoped would remind her of the country , his chamber was arrayed in blues and blacks , enough to make any bachelor want to set up camp and never leave again .
of course she 'd grown up in the country ; most bastard children did until it was time for them to - he could n't finish the thought .
i thought ' how sad for sara to live in the country all her life and have her virtue compromised by london 's most notorious rake , ' and then as if by some miracle i actually felt- '' ` ` you felt what ? ''
the horse and hare was a popular stopping point , making it very likely to be seen by the entire ton on their way to the country .
she could sit and cry all day or she could learn from experience and move on with her life , it was then she decided she would spend some time in the country .
she would take davina with her and go to one of the many country estates nicholas owned .
` ` i hear you 're going to the country ? ''
i only hope you 'll let me stay with you in the country for a while so we could get acquainted .
london seemed so cramped and busy compared to the renwick country estate .
` ` my lord , she left with lady fenton for the country .
where in the country ? ''
` ` your country home sir .
we 're going to the country house . ''
he woke up when the carriage came to a halt in front of his old country mansion .
the tension in the room was enough to send her over the edge of sanity , then again most of the strain had to do with the fact that nicholas had been denied access to sara 's bed for the past week on account of being away at their country estate .
her cousin was two years past a marriageable age and while not desperate , needed to secure a husband before her return to the country estate .
i daresay you ' ve been in the country far too long , miss gates . ''
rumors had run rampant throughout their country estate .
` ` rawlings , i thought you were living in the country now .
if only she would have stayed in the country where she belonged .
` ` his house is next to my family 's country estate . ''
after all , it would be better for him to hunt for a potential wife in the country where society 's rules were n't so rigid .
when was the last time she had actually been accepted anywhere on their large country estate ?
emma felt her face grow hot , even though she knew lady fenton had no idea her reputation at the country estate .
the country estate , the townhome in london - everything .
they would make the announcement tonight and later on in the week travel to rawlings ' country estate for a house party .
he had been informed that his parents had not been able to locate him , and worried that he had misunderstood their letter , they had gone back to the country estate , only to get stuck in a terrible thunderstorm .
sebastian had no way of knowing it , but this balcony overlooked the gates ' estate , and if one looked hard enough , it was possible to see the grounds of her parents ' country house as well as their stables .
even if he was interested , he would be the least appropriate man in the country with whom she would align herself .
` ` has the ton caught wind of the scandal at rawlings country estate ? ''
always wild and carefree on their country estate , she had climbed a tree and fallen flat on her bottom .
renwick and phillip had both continued down the path of destruction , until renwick was rescued by a beauty from the country .
it seems all renwick 's children are off visiting lady fenton 's country estate for the last few months of lady renwick 's confinement .
emma changed the subject to abigail 's last few gatherings before they were to retire to the country for the winter .
and everyone worth knowing would retire to the country .
` ` i ' ve heard he 's killed a man for looking at his mistress and has two children out of wedlock that he keeps hidden in the country . ''
i wait with eager anticipation for the season 's final ball and wonder what things will be exposed before we all retire to the country ?
` ` i received my father 's dying wishes in a letter sent from the country estate .
the once - rakish lord rawlings was said to be in the country with his wife .
` ` clearly , there 's been a misunderstanding , mum , '' he began in his best imitation of a rough country burr while he made an old - fashioned courtly leg to her .
` ` did you grow up in the country ? ''
the contradiction between his country speech and his occasional cultivated gesture troubled her .
` ` i thought you probably used country bumpkins for this post , so it made sense to sound like one . ''
` ` i 'll be ever so much happier with hector in the country than here in the city with people snickering at my stutter . ''
` ` then so help me god , i 'll see you 're sent out to the country estate with nothing but soft grass under foot for the rest of your life . ''
angus was delighted when he heard florinda was going to settle in the country with hector longbotham , but then angus was delighted by most everything these days .
not jazz for a change , but a hoof - stomping country tune .
i loved country music .
who was playing country music in an empty bar ?
and you do n't have to become one of those obnoxious old money - type people who wear skirt suits to the country club and yell at their cleaning ladies .
daniel had hired me to be his wife so that he could stay in the country , and at first , that was all it was .
` ` i grew up in horse country , '' i said , watching a little kid stop building his sandcastle and gape at us , open - mouthed , while we passed .
he simply needed someone to marry so he could stay in the country , and i was broke .
it was a country night .
some country band from tennessee was onstage .
her phone started playing that country song about cowboys and angels .
a cottage ofmy own onan estate faraway from court , with thebeautyand peace of the country , seemed afineplace for me to sitand reflect inmy old age . ''
theywould have grown boredin no timeliving the quietlifein the country , she 'd assured herself.thenthey would pine for their lives of privateering , but it would be toolate .
valoree seemed to recall henry saying something about the woman being terribly agitated and wantingthem to leave london for the country .
right after the wedding , she had gone to live inthe country .
hoo boy , the place was like something right out of a bad country - and - western tune .
smoke hung over the place and a five - piece country band occupied a raised stage at one end of the barroom .
in the background , the jukebox played tumbleweed 's new country single ... feel the rush of my breath feel the heat of my hand ... heat crawled up her backside as the words of the song suddenly made themselves manifest .
on this dark and windy thursday morning , the place was empty , except for a table of old geezers wearing overalls and country pride chicken hats .
it was homey and clean - even if the decor ran a little bit toward country martha stewart - and certainly better than the alternative : the nonexistent village green or another night at the peach blossom motor court .
she would have to like more than country music , because even if clay was an accomplished fiddler , the fact remained that clay listened to jazz and classical music whenever he thought folks were n't looking .
she listened as he ran through a bunch of country standards .
` ` i declare , you know darn well , the folks who come in here want to hear country music , not jazz .
he started playing a series of chords on the piano that did n't sound like country music or jazz .
someone wearing a country pride chicken hat , sitting at the bar , said , ` ` you tell ' i m , sister .
girls with pretty faces and killer bodies who know in their heart of hearts that one day someone is going to discover them as the next big thing in country music . ''
the kind of bluegrass voice that would have gotten you right into the grand ole opry a generation ago , before pop invaded the country charts . ''
it takes hard work to break into country music .
you 're not a country musician if you do n't know that song by heart . ''
woody had naturally assumed that the stolen property was in the envelope , not hung around the neck of a hairdresser , who moonlighted as a waitress , with dreams of being a country singer .
everyone in nashville knew the sordid story of how tricia allen had dumped clay for chad ames , tumbleweed 's lead singer , a turn of events that had resulted in clay 's leaving tumbleweed just as the band took off on the country music charts .
which explains why bubba drinks too much and is a sucker for every sad country song on dot 's jukebox .
she would learn that material , and she would get a regular gig with a country band instead of singing karaoke .
go back to the country club .
i thought we were going to nashville to make it big in country music .
and while i ' m proud of him for his songs , i 'd just as soon see him happy as see him having to suffer heartbreak after heartbreak so that he can write those sad country songs . ''
oh , yeah , this face had been the inspiration for dozens of love songs , including ` ` i got ta know , '' which currently topped the country charts .
you need to decide if maybe being a musician and going back to nashville to play country music is what you want .
she tuned the kitchen radio to a country station , and the sexy tones of that stupid tumbleweed song filled her ears as she stared down at palmetto avenue , watching folks go to church .
he also needed to learn about how she had finally moved to fort myers , where she had gotten things together for a while until woody the weasel had walked into the shrimp shack throwing around his money and reminding her about her lost dream of singing country music .
an old codger wearing a country pride chicken hat yelled back to the short - order cook .
only in the next instant , as they completed the 360 - degree skid , a large country pride chicken truck materialized out of the rain coming right at them in the opposite direction .
that 's when the county dispatcher informed everyone that a country pride chicken truck driver had just used his cb to call in an accident on route 321 south .
one of country pride 's trucks and a tan ford taurus had gotten tangled up with jesus down at golfing for god .
with his spiky bleached hair and soul patch , chad was the hottest heartthrob in country music .
dottie , wearing a chartreuse tank top that displayed her cl**vage , was handing out beers and advice to the good ol ' boys and country pride chicken workers from behind the bar .
the shirt , like the woman , might have just come off a country club golf course .
roy was in his mid - fifties , with a red face , a country pride chicken hat perched on his head , and a nasty disposition that had been fed by his nagging wife and more than a couple of beers .
hettie had been praying that her husband , jimmy marshall , the owner of country pride chicken , was n't doing anything even remotely interesting .
` ` jimmy marshall , the owner of country pride chicken , is my husband . ''
` ` the country club ? ''
no finer place for breaking the rules and raising hell than the country club . ''
` ` this ai n't that kind of country club . ''
and this country club is an old - fashioned southern swimming hole - a place where the high and mighty of allenberg county stay cool on hot summer days . ''
` ` oh , you know , the usual watermelon festival kinds of things - demolition derbies , seed - spitting contests , country music sing - alongs , pie - baking contests , carnival rides , and the official kickoff parade this saturday , followed by a barbecue where they smoke two pigs . ''
` ` a country fair such as the one you ' ve described would be perfect .
the file detailed how country pride chicken was not fully compliant with the state 's health and safety codes .
but it was infuriating to see it written down that way and left out , while her idiot boss went off to play golf with his country club friends - something he did at least three times a week .
she was a country girl , no matter how hard she tried to hide all that with her business suits .
jesus had been pretty much totaled by a country pride chicken truck .
she was a country girl .
a country girl like you should be okay in bare feet .
her folks did n't have a regular membership to the country club , and they were n't one of the rich folks families who had summerhouses down here either .
she was the country girl who needed to be looking for a regular joe .
the sounds of children laughing and country music floated on the summer air .
not just the size of her bust , or the fact that she was a country girl , or anything else .
` ` probably a quarter of this congregation works at country pride chicken .
they 're weird and crazy and definitely country through and through , but i have this soft place in my heart for them .
out here in the country , even with the lights from the midway , the sky seemed dark and velvety .
because , darn it , he did n't seem like a baron , and she did n't seem like a poor country girl .
i ' m going to the country music concert down at the fairgrounds with him tonight .
his son , jimmy , owned country pride chicken , the biggest employer in the county .
` ` have you checked dot 's place and the country club and- '' ` ` i ' ve checked all his usual haunts .
` ` the thing is , you make me feel needed , '' he murmured in a voice so low she almost did n't hear him above the twangy country music that was playing on the jukebox .
you ply me with beer , soften me up with country music and romantic lights , and then you guide me out here into a dark cornfield . ''
hettie sat at her late husband 's desk at the country pride chicken corporate office and tried , without much success , to regain her composure .
his mismanagement of country pride chicken was unconscionable .
and it seems to me that if y' all wanted to invest in something , it ought to be country pride chicken .
hettie 's administrative assistant at country pride chicken was the most organized person hettie had ever met .
she took two steps and realized that the dancers were doing a country line dance that she did n't know .
and out here in the country , the stars were so much brighter than they were in baltimore .
altogether there were about twenty homes here , and the homeowners made up the board of the edisto country club .
it was an unusual country club because there was n't a tennis court or golf course to be found .
i saw them at the country club kissing one another .
after a few more country roads , we 'd finally made it to an interstate and were making good time toward ... well , i had no idea .
dominic did n't make his fortune by playing nice and jake has n't been crisscrossing the country for the past week looking for the perfect engagement present .
chapter thirteen the engagement party was held at one of dominic 's immense country estates about thirty minutes from new york city .
then we moved across the country so fast .
she also loved cheerwine , bagels , and pretending she was from the old country , which was where jewish people lived before they came to america , i guess .
he arrived unexpectedly this morning from the country , just as i was setting out .
the dunsanys were liked by their tenants , friendly with most of the country gentry , and kind to their servants ; everyone wished to comfort the family in its grief .
besides , it was the country , and entertainment was rare ; no one would miss a good funeral , even if they were obliged to tramp through waist - deep snow to attend it .
he was trying to reconstruct in his mind the library at their country house .
he knew where percy was ; a small country gaol in a nearby village .
there were no trees in this country , save the orchards near the farmhouses .
` ` small country gaol in devonshire , '' he said .
it had the look of a house whose family had gone away to the country , leaving the furniture under sheets , the servants paid off .
mother was the daughter of a wealthy irish family , but from the country , no influence . ''
night had come upon them in open country , and while debating the wisdom of pressing on to the next hamlet or turning back to the last crossroads , in hope of finding shelter for the night at a cottage , quinn had suggested that as it was not raining , they might do worse than take shelter by a turtheach he knew .
thus internally fortified , and dressed in a country gentleman 's good wool suit - complete with gaiters to save his lisle stockings from the mud - and with several documents carefully stowed in separate pockets , he was armed and ready .
` ` the marquise of pelham comes back from her country house next week .
it was a considerable coach ride from helwater , and lord dunsany apologized for the effort required , explaining that his solicitor chose to live here , having left the london stews for what he assumed to be the bucolic pleasures of the country .
` ` little did he know what sorts of things go on in the country , '' dunsany said darkly .
` ` just got back into the country . ''
being a country girl at heart , the experience was proving to be a spectacular disaster , but at least the pay was going to be good .
i liked my quaint country upbringing , and i would n't change it for all the glamour and designer labels in the world .
` ` i do n't want you distracted by some country bumpkin . ''
it was anything but a country breakfast , almost too pretty and elegant to eat , but it was perfect .
maybe it was her country upbringing - hell , maybe it was just her .
she seemed so far away - my childhood home in the country was a distant memory in the bustling fashion world of paris and milan .
` ` there is n't a more private place , '' she said as she reached out to turn the television from rock to a country video station .
there had been a large country estate in connecticut , when he was growing up , but it had simply been the place where he lived .
he had relished the adventure , but the underlying reason for taking those risks had been a simple , rock - solid love of country .
hugh had retired to the country for an extended party with some of his friends , leaving her to deal with the aftermath of his debts .
` ` i believe lord montrose has retired to the country . ''
i trust your trip to the country was pleasant . ''
much to her relief , suzette caught the hint and immediately launched into tale after tale of life back on their country estate .
it had al been rather heady to a simple girl who had spent her life quietly in the country with only her sisters and one neighbor boy for company , and in no time at al he 'd swept her off her feet and gained her agreement .
at least it had n't at the few country events she 'd attended .
` ` it gets a bit boring in the country now that you are not there .
we are frank and ava cruising tree - lined country lanes while a scratchy vinyl orchestra swoons our soundtrack .
he enjoyed the sleek feel of the sports car as he moved from the citta bassa to the citta alta and the bustling city fell away to a quiet , country hush .
people who lived in this part of the country often tied rope lines between the house and the barn so they 'd have something to guide them when they checked on the animals during a snowstorm .
` ` country and western . ''
he was wasting time and money chasing over the country after her , and his temper was short when he reached virginia .
the country was full of more beautiful , more sophisticated and more available women , but for some incomprehensible reason he wanted her .
the earl had threatened roskin before he left for a season of leisurely hunting at his country estate .
lord somerville was driving in from his country house to escort his daughter to the annual christmas ball hosted by the marquess and marchioness hartwell .
a wee cottage on a country estate did n't seem so grand a thing now .
the pay is well enough and the position comes with a wee cottage- '' ` ` and you think to tempt me with a wee country cottage ? ''
god , country , apple pie - the whole patriotic bit .
in four months , when you return , i should be well into book 2 , and i hope to impress the hell out of you with my rendition of ` ` country garden '' or something swanky from mozart .
he followed her into the country - style kitchen and set the flat boxes that contained the pumpkin and apple pies on the countertop .
most men respond to direct stimulation of the pe- '' harry hit the button and got country music .
she loved the wild abandon of dancing , but this ... this had dancing beat by a country mile .
` ` feel free to take that friend of yours for a ride in the country . ''
he 'd promised himself as a kid in chicago that he 'd never live in snow country again .
the country road that linked porcupine with the main highway was obviously impassable .
vivian sat staring out through the windshield at the drifts across the country lane leading to porcupine .
for the next half hour zoe answered margo 's endless questions as darkness fell and they wound their way up into the pine country .
it beat a bottle of champagne by a country mile .
it could have been a truck - stop convenience store anywhere in the country except for the overriding theme of bigfoot .
` ` maybe i ' m not cut out for country living . ''
why would n't i like the country ?
church early in the morning and a big brunch at the country club had taken up the biggest part of the day .
` ` beats smashing a bottle of champagne over it by a country mile . ''
i could crisscross the country , never staying in one place more than a night . ''
she found a country station on my satellite radio and then leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes .
why do you want to work at a country club ?
on her fortieth birthday , jack had thrown a surprise party for her at the country club , and nearly two hundred people showed up .
paul told her about his childhood on the farm , described the ordeals of medical school and the time he spent running cross - country , and spoke about some of his earlier visits to the outer banks .
his childhood had been spent in the country until the age of ten , when he had been sent away to boarding school , after which he had seen his parents rarely and had felt an exclusion from their deep love for each other when he did , to the extent that it had coloured his own feelings about marriage .
and although her mother had been merely a country squire 's daughter , she had been elevated in society by her first marriage to the son of a baron , and again at the second marriage to the son of a lord , the dowager duchess 's own nephew .
' my mother never leaves her country estate . '
as she had told him earlier today , her stepfather had kept a fine stable at the country house where ellie had spent much of the ten years of frederick 's marriage to her mother , and she knew exactly what took place when the stallion was brought to the mare for breeding .
i was out of the country with my father and he was treating me like an adult .
she led him to the kitchen , which looked like something out of the midwest , with rows of geese and a country feel to it .
fighting within against the pounding , screaming conscience that told him he was taking advantage , that he had gone too far already , that he should n't compound the inevitable pain by drawing this out , he followed her into a neat , gray and lilac room that was starkly furnished , so different from the country kitsch of the kitchen .
he flicked on the car 's bose stereo , wincing as some hick country song blasted through the speakers .
yeah , that news had clearly rocked her little country club world .
she glanced at photographs of bright glossy kitchens and ` ` country '' bedrooms , wicker - furnished porches and ` ` minimal '' living rooms - all of them attractive , none of them quite real .
` ` he may look like your average , laid - back country doctor , but he 's got a backbone of steel . ''
bree continued : ` ` he said to his friend , ' if the british march by land or sea from the town tonight , hang a lantern aloft in the belfry arch of the north church tower as a signal light- one if by land , and two if by sea ; and i on the opposite shore will be , ready to ride and spread the alarm through every middlesex village and farm , for the country folk to be up and to arm . ' ''
county and to use every exertion to spread the love of country and fire of freedom throughout america until a more general and organized government be established in this province .
here in the piedmont , in the heart of the cape fear country , most of the solid citizens were loyalists , convinced that the violence taking place to the north was an overblown rumpus that might be unnecessary , and if it was not , had little to do with them - and that what was most needed here was a firm hand to rein in the wild - eyed whigs , before their excesses provoked a ruinous retaliation .
` ` i ' ve a mind to eat my luncheon in the country , under a tree .
` ` i wanted bree to see the country ; you would n't think it to hear her talk , but she 's as english as i am , though she 's never lived here . ''
it was a beautiful site , but very remote ; it had taken him nearly forty - five minutes of careful maneuvering to get his morris down the rutted country lane from the main highway without fracturing his oil pan .
the queen , normally left behind at some country house to amuse herself as best she could , had been trotted out for the occasion .
and the country makes me sick for scotland . ''
` ` no , but it 's country , '' he said , ` ` it 's clean , and it 's green , and there 's nay smoke in the air , or sewage underfoot - unless ye count horse dung , which i do n't . ''
and jamie had wanted to show the lad a bit of country , feeling that he 'd earned a holiday .
i hoped it was n't very far to louise 's country house .
in addition to the monkey , from whom she would not be parted , louise 's country house contained a number of other decorations of dubious taste .
but jules seldom came to the country house , being too busy in the city , and so louise 's taste was allowed free rein .
there were few visitors ; the country house was a refuge , where the frenetic social life of paris seemed like one more of the uneasy dreams that haunted me .
on the far side of the long , tapestry - hung room was an enormous marble fireplace , lined with white delft tiles , painted with dutch country scenes in shades of blue and mulberry .
` ` the country folk say that if ye see blood on your dirk , it means death . ''
bonnet was what country people called ` ` well set up , '' with a tall , powerful frame and a barrel chest , his features heavy - boned but coarsely handsome .
it 's no great distance from the house to the mill by water , if ye choose to row upstream , but i thought to show ye a bit of the country instead . ''
it was pleasant country .
` ` is the mohawk country not a verra great distance to the north ? ''
he had been looking for the lyrics of old ballads to add to his repertoire , thumbing through a book of country songs .
it was nearly two days ride from salem to the ridge , and the nearest german lutheran farm was at least fifteen miles away , over rough country .
also for a fact he knew that a tall red - haired woman had hired a car and told the driver to take her out into the country .
4 i come to the castle the rest of the journey passed uneventfully , if you consider it uneventful to ride fifteen miles on horseback through rough country at night , frequently without benefit of roads , in company with kilted men armed to the teeth , and sharing a horse with a wounded man .
i had my skirts tucked up already , for walking through rough country , and managed well enough .
also , the fraser family was rich in connections here ; perhaps we could find a place on an estate owned by a relative or friend , and live peacefully in the country .
what the seven - sided son of a bitch needed was flat country , where jamie could gallop the bejesus out of him and bring him back blowing .
to follow it one way would lead him toward the bottomland - perhaps , out of the fire , or at least to open country - a place where he could see again to run .
reached river run after a dire journey , wind and rain fit to sink a ship , and the road washed away entirely in places , so was obliged to ride cross - country , lashed by hail , mud to the eyebrows .
thus , the fictitious town of glory was born , set in the beautiful rocky mountain ranch land and foothill country of southern alberta .
you wo n't find it on a map , but it 's out there in central oregon , a once old - fashioned town surrounded by high desert ranching country .
many had grown up in elk springs or bend or medford , and they 'd spent their youths hiking in these mountains or rock - hunting in the high - desert country .
with a harsh cry he topped the ridge and saw the spectacular sweep of country beyond .
he thought it might be hard for you to get used to country life and wanted to do what he could to make you feel at home . ''
unlike anything she 'd ever experienced , she felt such a peace here in the country .
loving the clean air , the quiet peacefulness of the country , and the freedom she felt on the farm , she was so thankful to be there .
books by shanna hatfield fiction historical the christmas bargain pendleton petticoats series aundy caterina contemporary the coffee girl learnin ' the ropes qr code killer grass valley cowboys series the cowboy 's christmas plan the cowboy 's spring romance the cowboy 's summer love the cowboy 's autumn fall the cowboy 's new heart the women of tenacity series the women of tenacity - a prelude heart of clay country boy vs. city girl not his type non - fiction savvy entertaining series savvy holiday entertaining savvy spring entertaining savvy summer entertaining savvy autumn entertaining available now !
caterina - on the run from the italian mafia in new york city , feisty caterina campanelli travels across the country to the small town of pendleton , oregon , trying to hide her past while she decides what to do about her uncertain future .
he came from cowboy country , and cowboys do n't drink wine .
but she was a simple country girl who was n't used to hav**g s*x with a man she 'd known for less than twenty - four hours .
but the hands are into country .
red and white gingham tablecloths and wooden chairs lent to the casual country interior .
taking off across the country to start a new life must have been hard . ''
but at the time i was so sick of country life , and after going to college and getting a taste of what the city was like i knew i could n't go back .
with his hands clasped at the small of his back , he took in the room , noting how the heavy masculine furniture was offset by flowery pastel drapes and artwork featuring picturesque country landscapes .
you think you 'll be happier rusticating in the country , but i disagree . ''
if miss martin is inclined to spend much of her time in the country , montague could have all of the benefits of marrying an attractive yet mature heiress , with none of the detriments .
when melville retreated to the country , would he be alone for months at a time ?
each missive warned melville to retire with eliza to the country or she would pay the consequences , completely contradicting eliza 's original assumption that she was being pushed toward matrimony .
` ` i intended to retire to the country with melville , at which point a greater portion of my affairs would have been left in mr . reynolds 's hands .
or he could have taken her to the country and left her there .
` ` otherwise he 'd move it out of town ... or out of the country .
when the conflict ended she desired no more than to live a quiet country life , but such freedom was not permitted women of noble birth .
besides , leaving a woman alone in open country in the middle of the night went right against the grain .
' after the war i retired to a small family estate in the country , thinking to live there quietly .
her answer had been to seek a quiet house in the country , his to throw himself into his work .
shawna 's got a man , but he 's out of the country .
she frowned at the heavy metal , twang - y country and hip hop music , but when she heard the soulful voice of a woman , she leaned forward in her seat and asked cole to leave it .
if she rubs me wrong , i 'll simply ask her how her tryst with the new tennis instructor at the country club is going . ''
` ` that is so freaking hot , '' sam said , still shouting to be heard over the blaring country music .
he motioned around at the plethora of cowboys and cowgirls dancing to the twang of country music .
she was all country , all the time .
her life had become like a country song - now all those mournful lyrics made more sense than ever before .
because i ' m telling you , if you come near him like that again , i will go straight country bitch on you . ''
it seemed to be a european country style , tasteful with muted colors , dark shiny wood and beautiful iron work .
the rustic living room had cathedral ceilings , and the country kitchen was outfitted with the latest appliances .
the country dance began , and she released a relieved breath .
he had houses in numerous choice parts of the country and the world .
* * * gage secured a seat on the last flight out , the red - eye across country that would land him in new york first thing in the morning .
considering that this was farm country , that was likely the case .
the van rocked as they made their way over the rutted country road .
many gerai earned their living by spending a few days in houses all over the country , making sure their neighbors knew that they traveled for business , or were enjoying their retirement seeing the country .
` ` you put your mark on me and chased me all over the country , making it nearly impossible for me to stay in one place long enough to find work .
she 'd never drag a kid across the country , living out of the back of her honda , putting it in constant risk of being attacked and killed by monsters .
instead , he exited the highway and went down a quiet country road .
she was quiet for a long time , only speaking to give him directions to nana 's house out in the country .
his head kept bumping the headliner as they bounced along the country road .
` ` surely retiring to the country would suffice ? ''
i should like to see her return before we retire to the country for the winter . ''
while pennington grieved in the country , elspeth had arrived weeks ago , hovering on the fringes of michael 's new life in the most unobtrusive way possible .
she understood that elspeth 's need was temporary , part of her re - acclimation to society after years spent in the country .
` ` with that in mind , i should like to retire to the country early .
she 'd looked totally out of place , a country - club woman lost in a low - rent district .
we could have it here , in the garden , or at the country club .
theirs was an old world country estate , several stories high and sprawled out with balconies and terraces , giving it an elegant , romantic charm .
they walked together through the entrance hall leading from the garage to the house , lily 's hand tucked in the crook of john 's arm , as he continued , ` ` rosa was young back then , she barely spoke english , but she was a nurse and she needed a job to stay in the country .
all the time her mind was working , putting together the fact that rosa was a nurse and peter whitney had brought her into the country .
it came with the country club , and my grandfather had made sure that when my father passed away this would all become mine .
he had a country club to run but he kept calling me .
it 's the man who had the responsibility of a country club and his mother laid on his shoulders overnight .
she wanted to be a country singer once .
it 's a country club , dickhead , not a bar . ''
i do n't know what possessed my mother to pack up on a whim and move clear across country - trade paradise for smog and traffic .
her jacket is missing , and her shirt is unbuttoned all the way to the bottom with the ends tied just under her rack , and i know damn well that 's country for fuck me .
i mean i 'll admit she is a serious looker but she 's a country hometown girl .
finding a place to practice her nonexistent marksmanship had n't been easy ; she 'd had to drive far out into the country , but she had achieved , if not true skill , at least a degree of efficiency and familiarity with the weapon , so she could carry it with some confidence .
i know you 're a country fan .
elle had become enamored of country music in the past year , and hearing it live was always a treat .
as elle grasped the brass handle and opened the door , she had a premonition about who this sexy country singer might be , but she discounted it .
she loves her some good country music .
if amy was right , and elle had a soft spot for country singers , then he 'd work it .
her love of country music was another dead giveaway that she was n't the hard - boiled realist she pretended to be .
` ` it 's country swing .
trey and tyler were singing the country standard ` ` jackson , '' which was funny considering that the song was about jackson , mississippi , yet they had a town of jackson right down the road .
he needed to get back to the ranch house and figure out what the hell to do now that the country band he 'd hired would n't be showing up tomorrow .
but he 'd spent more time out at the last chance than at his apartment in jackson and had , to his surprise , gone country .
although he 'd fully embraced the country life , he 'd been a chicago boy first , and all that careful grooming still had the power to turn him on .
` ` the thing is , i 'd hoped to establish the mood with live music , but the country band i 'd hired just canceled a half hour ago . ''
` ` watkins and i will be filling in for the country band that canceled on alex .
` ` i was not about to raise a bunch of country bumpkins , '' sarah said .
` ` between sarah covering manners and jonathan showing them the finer points of country swing , i 'd say the chance boys got the perfect education . ''
` ` see , this is n't so bad , taking a walk along a country road after a rain , breathing in the fresh scent of pine , listening to the wind in the- '' noise exploded to their left in a wild series of yips and barks before several dark shapes hurtled across the road about twenty feet in front of them .
how are you with country tunes ? ''
` ` it 's a country road , not a twelve - lane freeway .
` ` we can move the stage i 'd planned to use for the country band in there .
they discovered several country tunes they both knew , and then watkins taught her ` ` song of wyoming . ''
i could see a country music festival doing well . ''
on the way to the tractor barn watkins talked about country artists he admired .
he 'd pulled into port at belize city any number of times and he was impressed with the beauty of the country .
we bummed around the country for a while , then he found another cause .
and thomas would ' ve been able to track down murphy easily enough ; on more than one occasion , jack had mentioned murphy and the cattle ranch he owned in the texas hill country .
while her mom loved the pheasant at the country club , dad preferred biscuits and gravy at the local diner ; while mom never walked as far as the mailbox without her makeup , dad wore jeans , and his hair was always a bit disheveled .
her mother had purchased it for her a few years ago , for afternoons spent at the country club ( god forbid she expose herself like a harlot ! ) .
aside from a spring break i spent in the bahamas , i ' ve never been out of the country .
in ten years , he 'd worked with a dozen different bands , ranging from the big - haired noise of eighties rock and roll to the mamas - trains - and - pickup - truck style of country music .
they played nothing original , nothing daring , nothing that could n't be found in jukeboxes around the country , which was exactly the reason why , mike thought , everyone liked them so much .
the jeans fit snugly around his rear , and she felt her cheeks redden again , the blood rushing to the surface like silt stirred from the bottom of a country pond .
ricky liked blondes , bill liked brunettes ; ricky chewed tobacco , and bill smoked ; ricky liked rap music , bill favored country - western .
on his walk across the country , he 'd had a lot of time to think , and he 'd decided there were three ways to go about it .
you walk across the country , you get to hampton , you say you like the place , and now you want to work here ? ''
he seemed almost normal - aside from walking across the country , that is - which suggested that he might never have been overseas .
` ` walking across the country ? ''
like a country parlor , he thought , which was n't what he had pictured .
i ' ve been trying to talk nana into getting a porch swing , but she says it 's too country . ''
` ` i easily could have walked across the country . ''
it 's hard to tote books when you 're walking across the country . ''
and why walk across the country and stop here ?
had he walked across pounde country to find her ?
that you walked across the country to find me ?
it was wednesday , which meant bridge at the country club , then on to the junior women 's league , where they would probably he arranging another fund - raiser for the private school or hospital .
on the surface he was a country boy , home from war , and he probably saw himself in those terms .
she was driving through a nameless swamp , one of dozens in the low country fed by the waters of the albemarle sound .
` ` you 're like that kid 's story about the city mouse that hops on the wrong truck and gets stuck in the country . ''
in the corner was a jukebox playing a country song , the nasal baritone of the singer quieting as the final lyrics wound down .
he moved her around the floor with surprising grace , waltzing and two - stepping to the drumming bass of a local country band .
the temperature had dropped since the morning ; a cold front blowing in from the midwest had descended through the low country of north carolina .
it 's located ninety miles southeast of raleigh in flat , low country amid forests of loblolly pines and wide , slow - moving rivers .
the moon had not yet risen , and across the river i could see yellow lights glowing from country homes .
the seductive beauty of the low country had a soothing effect on my nerves ; the sky was the color of robin 's eggs , and the air held neither the briskness of spring nor the heat and humidity of summer .
once in the car , i headed for the winding country roads that were as familiar as the streets of my own neighborhood .
the air carried the familiar scent of pine and salt , an odor unique to the low country .
while new york city was exciting - and joseph now regarded it as home - i could sense that he 'd forgotten how lovely the low country could be .
above me , the stars were out in full , and the air was fresh with the earthy scent of the low country .
` ` i was just thinking how nice it would be to live in the country with horses like i did when i was little , '' she said .
we were also ` ` country comes to town '' when it came to visiting with our cousins .
though he still wore black , micah , dana , and i had talked him into joining us in learning country dancing , and the evenings out seemed to revive him .
grinning at the memory of his editor 's expression , jeremy flipped through various stations - rock , hip - hop , country , gospel - before settling on a local talk show that was interviewing two flounder fishermen who spoke passionately about the need to decrease the weight at which the fish could be harvested .
the blacktop narrowed as it wound through the country , squeezed on both sides by barren winter fields , denser thickets of trees , and the occasional farmhouse .
the peach walls were offset by white trim , giving the place a homey , country feel ; toward the rear of the building , he caught a glimpse of the kitchen .
now it 's maybe one or two people a year , usually folks from out in the country who do n't have medical insurance .
people around the country would still hear about boone creek , and some might seek it out .
not for country , not for patriotism , not because we 're programmed killing machines , but because of the guy next to you .
it was an old - fashioned country store , with white clapboard siding , blue shutters , a sloped porch roof , and abench out front , the kind of store that enjoyed its heyday long ago and had mostly disappeared .
alex gave her an overview of what it was like torun a country store .
we bought my coveted gps and a few other things at a sporting goods store along the way and used it to navigate remote country roads that seemed to lead nowhere .
` ` we are n't at a country club , mr . mazur , '' she informed him .
my entire day was turning into a bad country song .
of course , once you take control of the estate and become the family head , it would be pertinent for you to stay in the country as much as possible .
` ` you 're going to need access to your accounts , someone to help get you organized and to help you in the country since you ' ve never been . ''
` ` jess would drag me to every store in the country to go dress shopping if she could .
i know you have n't been in the country very long . ''
in a bittersweet rush , ruby remembered all of that day ; the screams of older kids on scarier rides , the sudden , plunging darkness of mr . toad 's wild ride , the rollicking music of country bear jamboree , the sugary residue of cheerios , eaten while you walked , the magic of the electrical light parade .
she was alexandra summersby after all - not some simple country girl about to be sucked in by a handsome face .
you were not at all like any of the other ladies present ; in fact , i quite thought that you might have been someone 's distant relation , visiting from the country .
` ` if you were happier in the country , then why come to london now ? ''
michael 's parents had also accepted the invitation , while their daughter cassandra was the only one of michael 's sisters who 'd been eager enough to escape to the country in the middle of the season .
and then , of course , there was alexandra , her husband , michael , and their one - year - old son , richard , and finally mary , who was looking quite forward to a country retreat .
` ` i would have invited you sooner , but lady trenton and her husband were kind enough to let me join them in the country for a few days . ''
` ` as you may know , lady ridgewood favors the country , '' lucy told them by way of explanation .
you see , miss blackwell , i am soon to be married and have every intention of settling down to a peaceful family life in the country , away from all the excitement that the foreign office has to offer . ''
` ` you would have retired to the country .
a future image of himself back in london , cavorting in the arms of a mistress while his wife kept house in the country , shot through his mind .
after all , she 's been secluded in the country for all of these years . ''
` ` you 'll drop us off at a fair distance from the house and then enjoy a pleasant country ride while lucy and i go for a walk . ''
it had the look of an english country cottage .
` ` does she sing country music ? ''
though she did n't sing country music , her outfit would appeal to the more conservative types , and what was the saying ?
tight ass , who only listens to country music . ''
the scenery was a blur as they rolled out of town and turned down a series of dirt roads that led farther into the country .
` ` well , i have been strutting about the queen 's solar all week , telling any of the ladies - in - waiting who would listen that i would never marry , that i was far too content at court to allow myself to be chained down by the shackles of matrimony in some far - off country estate . ''
many of the nobility had fled to the country , hoping to find safety there , but the majority of londoners had not had the option .
a good number had become nothing better than animals and , seeming to think it was the end of days , they had consumed all the drink and food they could , moving from empty dwelling to empty dwelling , whether homes of the already deceased or of owners who 'd fled to the country .
and , more importantly , she was n't that woman , that naive girl who believed in love and wanted marriage and babies and a house in the country .
they drove in silence down the motorway , and after a little while ammar turned off onto a narrow country lane .
` ` lady hammond has arranged a house party this weekend at our country estate near brighton .
she asked , well aware that tame country parties were not his preference .
something i ' m certain a few days of fresh country air will do wonders to cure . ''
it was with great relief that they arrived at the hammonds ' lovely country estate late in the day .
the country air not working its wonders on you ? ''
the third had plunged to her death down the stairs of the family 's country estate .
the family members had spent most of their time on their country estate and had n't cared much for town life .
she was barely more than a child really , perhaps sixteen or so , and wore the plain rough dress of a country lass .
` ` she is a country girl , '' charlie said when he remained silent .
she had spent her whole life in the country , with beth as her only playmate and friend .
it was not as if anyone actually saw me in them out in the country . ''
he would never be interested in a country bumpkin , and that was what she was .
` ` well , we did rather hope that we might find alternative husbands , saving us from having to hide at our cousin 's country estate and spend our lives as spinsters , '' she admitted self - consciously .
bucolic scenes of country life were passing by the window .
talkingabout me behind my back , and even in front of me , calling me a country cow and '' her voice broke on a sob and charlie hugged her tightly , silently cursing the whole of london society for having behaved so predictably .
i was even at your country estate once .
if anyone could take on beau - it would be you but you 'd still walk away beat up , '' ethan announced as i pulled out onto the country road from the dirt road that led back to the field parties .
` ` why is my phone turned on and why is it singing a country song ? '
his accent , like dawson 's , was pure country .
on the radio , a country song was blaring , something about a man who 'd lost his dog or wanted a dog or liked eating dogs or whatever , but lyrics had never been as important as rhythm , and this tune had serious rhythm .
he asked about her mom , and amanda told him that they were going to have dinner later ; he told her that he had plans to go golfing on sunday morning with his friend roger and that they might watch the braves game afterward at the country club .
live in a trailer out in the country ?
she saw a scattering of houses set back from the road and a small country store with a single gas pump out front .
but even though i was nothing but a country boy , i did know that the army puts you where it wants , not where you want to go , and by then folks knew it was only a matter of time before we hit europe for good .
at the bar in the country club , long after they 'd finished their round of golf , frank signaled to the bartender for another beer , unaware of the inquiring glance the bartender shot at roger .
like just about any country club , when he thought about it .
i did n't attend private schools , belong to a country club or have servants , a pool , tennis court or any of the other luxuries the hightowers seem to think they ca n't function without . ''
the other hotel employees teased her unmercifully about the low country drawl she had n't been able to completely erase despite a year of trying .
your girlfriend's- '' he grimaced ` ` -family has reservations about hopping on a private jet and flying cross country .
he said a country girl like me would n't fit in with his new urban lifestyle . ''
not that we had much of that in the south carolina low country , but every few years we 'd get a surprise . ''
vin stretched his hands out to encompass the miles of unending farm country covered with trees .
they rode in comfortable silence , easing through snow banks and slick country roads .
i followed him to an extremely lush country club .
bored of your city women so you decided to have a hot affair with a country teacher ?
her steps took her down the long , narrow country road , past house after house .
` ` when one lives in the country , the innocence of the mind is quickly lost .
of course the hilton head island wealthy could also afford tailored tuxedos and sequined high - end dresses as they mingled the evening away in the country club gardens by the shore .
he may have been out of the country , but his family had all been firmly here on u.s . soil .
she tucked out of their garden nook and sliced a path straight into the country club .
with four landis brothers , two of whom were married , that made for quite a group packed into the country club office .
the woman - marianna , she 'd been called back at the country club - swept a loose dark curl from her face .
blond and hazel - eyed , with a complexion and lashes most women would kill for , he projected a country bumpkin air that worked well in good cop / bad cop scenarios .
he looked like a country gentleman expecting the local pastor for tea .
you did n't have to travel around the country , you did n't have to move here ... you could have stayed part of their lives . ''
everyone down here is so country club chummy , they built this nice walkway that follows the water from one house to the next .
turning they faced all of the people who had come to witness another generation of blackstones solidifying their place in virginia 's horse country 's history .
she was too beautiful , too refined and exotic , for this country setting , but when she broke into that wide , friendly smile , he felt something clear inside , like the sun breaking through the mist .
` ` you 're definitely turning country .
though they spent little time together on campus , they would sometimes go to dinner or a movie , and once they even visited a country bar , where they listened to the same band that had been playing on the night they 'd met , luke teaching her to line dance at last .
people wanted to ride these things because of that old movie with john travolta , and practically every country bar put one in , only to watch the interest die out within a year or two .
it was early october when daniel first entered our home , a gangly , towheaded boy with rough country mannerisms and a shyness i had n't anticipated .
it was daniel she was looking for as we drove the quiet country roads , passing run - down farms ; it was daniel she hoped to see whenever she returned to school after a summer spent in distant studios and galleries .
as she talked , i tried and failed to reconcile all she had told me with the dusty country boy who 'd studied at our dining room table .
about what you get when you play country music backwards ? ''
as if he were a country gentleman , about to inquire about the weather .
her father had been a country gentleman , her mother a well - liked member of the local community .
jack had grown up the de facto son of a country squire , with two brothers , a sister , and twenty acres of rolling pasture , perfect for riding , running , jumping - anything a young boy could fancy .
he had always assumed his father had been the son of some jolly old country squire , maybe a baronet or possibly a baron .
my father was a country gentleman , my mother the daughter of a country gentleman .
my father was a country gentleman , my mother the daughter of a country gentleman .
and the fact was , if country charm rang your bell , this was the spot for it .
for himself , gage figured the country quiet would drive him crazy within a month .
` ` both prefer country living , are loyal with strong ties to family . ''
you ' ve got the sexy blonde who 's happy to plunk her particularly fine ass down here with you and your big , stupid dog in your house in the country , and raise a brood of kids . ''
there 's no house in the country , no nine - to - five or what 's for dinner , honey in me . ''
` ` caring about her does n't equal house in the country and big , stupid dog , son . ''
he 's like the epitome of country charm .
an off - key voice belting out a country ballad stilled his fist and an image of carly 's wet , bare golden skin seized his mind and sent a jolt of arousal through him .
tre listened intently , not interrupting as i talked about dan sweeping me away from sleepy old savannah , going from being a poor country pastor 's daughter to being the wife of a wealthy casino magnate , learning about the world and sex and money .
i was , then , just an unfinished corn - fed country girl , decked out in cut - off jean shorts that daddy would n't have approved of , but he was dead so i wore them to spite him for leaving me .
the first class lounge was an amazing place , to a backwater country kid like tre .
our guests are seated in the banquet room of the glenmont country club , which is near a golf course in a swanky little town just outside baltimore .
it 's a seven - bedroom country estate , secure with a gated entrance .
hannah is fine , but my position is all about image , and i ca n't take a little country girl as my bride .
` ` right , i ' m just a country girl without manners or education .
we dumb country girls at least know better than to mess with family . ''
i can even believe that you have feelings for me , but i 'll always be a country girl with a community college education .
but she hoped to have time to actually see the country , maybe even go on a date or two .
they were pursued for days until cole was able to get him back into the country . ''
none of us is a poster child for the country club set .
maybe the three of you could show up at the country club without your shirts on .
` ` i probably wo n't go back to the country club , '' she admitted as she pulled off her socks .
getting kinley out of the country seemed like a damn fine plan .
we 're going to spend the winter at the country estate .
she 'd talked about buying a house in the country and getting a kitten .
you are back in the country , right ? ''
an ancient mahogany table , brought here from the old country , held center stage in a big , windowless room papered in rose and burgundy .
the princess is coming back to help us poor country bumpkins run the restaurant . ''
` ` they have never even been to the old country , those people . ''
what had seemed such an uncomplicated idea had suddenly taken on more twists and turns than a country road .
grampie - my grandfather on my mother 's side - used to take me with him squirrel hunting when we visited them in the country .
your ex and the chief were in a foursome playing golf at the little creek country club on sunday afternoon , so there was no way he could have taken a shot at you .
after all , most of us grow up expecting to get pregnant and have kids , and when you think about what that really means to the female body , it 's a wonder any woman ever lets a man within a country mile of her .
no one expects kiro 's daughter to be a country girl . ''
it 's at a country club so that should be a fun experience .
we discovered that he preferred rock music and blues over classical or country .
i met him when i was seventeen - he was a busboy at my parent 's country club , and definitely not good enough to date their daughter as far as they were concerned .
having to pass by my parents ' country club where we 'd met , restaurants we 'd eaten at , or other familiar places on a daily basis would have been too much .
she had a sneaky air about her as she walked swiftly out of town on the main road , then veered off on junipero avenue -- a long and dusty country lane that led up to chumash mountain .
they 'd gathered a good share of berries , having dodged a group to the south by riding west several miles , then doubling back in the higher country and heading for the glen undetected .
isabel faced forward and looked at the expanse of wide open country growing wild with lilac , spicebush , and california juniper .
they traversed oil country -- all of it owned by calco .
the fascination with living in town was a brief one , and she had never really regretted her country upbringing .
and so she had accompanied him on the train across the country , the children all dressed in new ` ` city '' clothes , the boys tugging at their stiff collars , the girls confused by the number of undergarments they were forced to wear .
st . vladimir had lived in the old country .
she was stunned to discover that she was even remotely susceptible to a man after the bitterness of her divorce , especially to a man wearing the clothes of a business executive to a country inn .
forgive me , but you do n't look as if you spend a lot of time in the country . ''
` ` i ca n't imagine , especially when all i was trying to find out was what drew a city man like you to spend time in a country retreat . ''
` ` the day i had to take her to country haven was the worst day of my life .
she 's happy at country haven .
in typical country fashion , they were arranged on a clear , plastic plate with plastic wrap covering them .
at the moment the house was throbbing with noise , but ordinarily it was so quiet in the country you could hear a leaf rustle a hundred yards away .
another country custom - people dropped in on each other , bringing homemade treats and staying for at least a cup of coffee .
the theme for most bachelor parties offered by partiez plus was what claire would imagine a country club for wealthy golfers would offer .
when and if jason did marry , claire could picture him with a cool blond who spent most of her time shopping and redesigning their penthouse or country home .
all he needed was a damn piece of straw hanging out of his mouth to look like every stereotypical country boy .
maybe i should have come out to the country more often .
i ca n't think of anyone else i 'd rather have take me around and enlighten me about the things to do out here in the country . ''
these country folks were weird and oddly polite .
maybe it was the fact she 'd be harder to get rid of out here in the country once i 'd finished with her .
chapter four cage i knew enough about country music to know that it was george strait 's voice singing over the speakers .
growing up in the country i 'd learned a long time ago that snakes could be anywhere .
innocent little country girl was used to everything closing down with the sunset .
the smooth sound of her voice had a country feel to it but not entirely .
out here in the country no one thought to come check her out .
becca lynn was rubbing every part of her body against his as the live band played an old country song that reminded me of daddy 's hank williams jr . albums .
lord , she 'd left los angeles , where she 'd always thought of life as being somewhat surreal , and landed in cajun country , a place she began to suspect was the south 's version of oz .
i think hunter is out of the country on some assignment .
sweet , hazel - eyed , and dimpled , she liked country music , could n't stand profanity , and had great relationships with her family and pastor .
only the hum of the truck 's engine and the faint twang of an old - time country western station broke the silence .
if so , why not wait until he was out of the country , where he could n't protect kata ?
i arranged to sneak into the country this morning .
even through the smoke and over the racket of the bad country singer on the stage across the room , he could all but hear the sound .
while you 're working out some scheme in your head where you intend to clear the country with her , never to be seen again .
he should probably just shut up , but they 'd lost all radio reception some time ago , unless one counted the classic country twang station , which he did n't .
the rain let up during their afternoon drive to the country .
then i 'd get her a country home in upstate new york where she could spend her vacations . ''
the city 's all hustle and bustle , but the country is relaxing .
his family , which she assumed was wealthy given the extravagant watch he wore , had a place in the country .
the gentrys were also wealthy and owned a place in the country .
little towns like polecat draw people who do n't care for country clubs and cocktail parties .
he was a poor country tutor , but he dreamed of being a poet . ''
she is no longer just an ordinary peasant girl , the daughter of a poor country tutor .
` ` then you can- '' ` ` i ' m going out to the country , '' vera says .
` ` to the country , a summer park near the luga river .
now she is on her way home from the country .
i am coming home from the country , where i 'd been gathering vegetables to can for the coming winter ... ... '' nina closed her eyes and sat back , letting the words form pictures in her imagination .
a man worthy of a farmington country club wedding .
the only thing mom fears more than never marrying off a kid at the farmington country club is germs .
mom would get her farmington country club wedding and more if i ... stop !
her words say one thing , but her pleading eyes say , farmington country club wedding .
the only reason she would disapprove of my being g*y is that the farmington country club technically has not allowed a g*y wedding just yet .
` ` because mom seems to think i should give it up so she can have her farmington country club wedding . ''
` ` about farmington country club .
pretty soon i , too , will wear nothing but yoga pants and use push powder to fluff up my thinning hair while talking incessantly about farmington country club weddings and my dildo collection .
amanda does n't realize that monica is on the board of directors for farmington country club .
the country club in naples .
* * * it was almost midnight when the last of the non - family guests finally left the country club .
somehow , she managed to chatter with everyone else and hold zeke 's hand as they all left the country club to wait for their cars .
that was n't independence , plus she- ` ` here 's our car , '' zeke said as the limo pulled up to the country club entrance .
he did n't want to turn it into some big high - tech farm , but he always wanted to see it be a little country store and destination for families .
but everyone who met carrie loved her , even liza 's mother , who did n't usually love anyone if they did n't have access to the right country club .
she 'll tell everyone at the country club , on facebook , and possibly stop by the local news stations to tell them that you were here .
rows of cabins sprawled dark and bare , puffs of smoke only rising from one chimney in the brown clapboard building labeled clyde 's country store .
it 's all about country . ''
` ` red wine from basque country or sherry from southern spain ? ''
* * * an hour later , malcolm floored the maserati on a deserted country road .
they 'd pulled off an interstate at least twenty minutes ago , driving into the country as best he could tell .
we 're in nascar country , you know .
the limo jostled along a pothole on the country road .
years later it did n't seem like it should have mattered to the adoption agencies that he 'd broken into the country club to dump a bunch of tootsie rolls in the pool . ''
he 'd bought beach property on a low country carolina island , private enough to attract other celebrities who wanted normalcy in their lives .
kit 's mother had been a country girl at heart , and made sure her daughter knew how to please a man in the kitchen .
no offense , but i think i ' ve had enough country ham and black - eye gravy to last me a lifetime or two . ''
` ` well , reginald dorsey invited us to spend it with him and his kids at his little cottage in the country , '' adam said .
i think maybe we might be in the country this weekend , edie . ''
violet had no idea how it happened - really , she didn't - but two hours later , she found herself sitting in the passenger seat of gavin 's plush jaguar roadster , which was curling its way around the circular drive to the country estate of one chatsworth whitehall the ... some roman numeral .
beyond him was a country squire , his waistcoat straining over a potbelly , his stockings splotched with mud .
half an hour later the country squire stomped from the room , muttering about london card sharps .
i ' ve wondered why that is and why you ca n't seem to get what you want with the pampered trust - fund boys over at the country club . ''
so , at the end of the week , when connor had argued she could work just as well at his country house as she could at the townhouse , she had n't disagreed too strenuously .
` ` go to- '' ` ` i ' m betting , '' he said , cutting her off , ` ` that the pretty boys over at the country club have n't done nearly as good a job of satisfying you , have they , petunia ?
` ` i may never be as polished as the guys down at the country club , but i have plenty of money these days .
` ` our arrangement would n't be so different from those of lots of other couples at the country club . ''
i 'd entertain your clients and executives and dine with the other trophy wives at the country club ? ''
` ` i do n't even belong to the carlyle country club .
an expensive dinner affair that vanessa had insisted on holding at the poshest country club in town .
he was tempted to keep going beyond the french doors that led into the tremonts ' living room , straight through the mansion , into his car and on to their honeymoon destination , where he could ravish her at his cottage in wine country .
it had clay tile floors , viking appliances and old - fashioned country cupboards .
` ` uncle hugh would claim you 're the thief who stole the wentworth family patrimony - the london town house , the berkshire country estate ... '' ` ` but what you did n't understand is that you always had the more valuable property in your possession , and i was just trying to get my heart back . ''
` ` are you planning to sequester yourself at your country estate in england ? ''
before she 'd left new york , pia had mentioned to tamara that she planned to be in england for lucy carsdale 's engagement party , so her friend was aware that she would be in the country .
` ` the bentley is at my country estate .
` ` i find it hard to completely shake the habits of an english country gentleman , even in new york , '' sawyer said as his hand cupped her elbow and he guided her toward the front steps .
tamara breathed in the crisp country air , fragrant with the smell of grass and leaves and fresh streams .
the truth was she had n't ventured to a stately british country estate since reaching adulthood .
he tasted of leather and sweat and clean country air , and she involuntarily felt herself sway into him .
he had a manhattan town house suited to a media baron and an english country estate worthy of an earl .
` ` and yet , here you are enjoying country living , and married to me , fulfilling paternal expectations . ''
yes , having rafe and ari 's wedding in corythia had ensured that rachel stay in the country for a while longer .
the place is in rough country in montana . ''
he stepped from the vehicle the second it stopped and found himself rushing inside the exclusive country club .
according to a popular country song , it was .
a city girl , one who showed up in tight jeans with sparkly little jewels on the ass so every man has no choice but to look down , and a silk blouse that will be destroyed by the end of one day here in the country .
i figured the only horses you ' ve ridden have been at some hoity - toity country club . ''
she would n't stay in montana after she 'd made a success of the ranch , and he was a country boy through and through .
plus , he 'd told her , the young ladies always dressed extra nice when they went to a good country party .
the longer brielle was in sterling , the more she realized that country life had its upsides .
but she had found something here in big sky country , and she never wanted to let it go .
he had his own fields to harvest today , but instead of hopping into a combine and blaring his favorite country tunes , he found himself once again at the ponderosa pines ranch .
chapter thirty - two after parking her rusted pickup truck , brielle looked back at it and tried to decide whether she had just a little fondness for it now that she 'd come to terms with this country town .
chapter nine misty sat in the backseat of the suv and listened to bryson and camden shoot the breeze as they drove from camden 's offices to a small country bar and grill .
various rodeo pictures hung on the wall , along with several signed photographs from country music stars .
all she 'd gotten out of today was a lightheaded , unpleasant episode when she headed down to the resort 's gym to do her usual , stringent workout this morning , obviously brought on by lack of adjustment to the altitude here in the high country of colorado .