the traffic jam in front of the zoo was ugly .
chapter 13 november 1989 crowds of chicagoans strolled along michigan avenue , their unhurried pace due partly to the unseasonably mild november day and partly to the jam of shoppers gathered at the windows of bancroft and company which were already spectacularly decked out for christmas .
` ` there must be an accident up there , '' she said as they crested the hill and came to a stop behind what looked like a five - mile traffic jam on the snowy interstate .
vincent was late to work because jade needed a last minute ride to the airport for a photo shoot , then he got stuck in a huge traffic jam on the freeway .
he 'd turned down a one - way street , taking the curb with him , and he 'd bypassed a huge traffic jam near 42nd street .
i heard car horns , and the sense of motion ceased , indicating we were stopped at a traffic light or were stuck in a traffic jam .
i closed my eyes to push away the pain and felt the toe of his boot jam hard into my left hip .
there was obviously a traffic jam due to all of the other limos , and probably more so due to people taking their sweet time getting to their rides .
` ` daddy 's strong girl , '' i say out loud , stuck behind a bread truck in a traffic jam .
alli stopped me , causing a small traffic jam behind us .
the place was jam - packed and they scored the last table .
worse still , as she sat in the middle of the huge traffic jam , her doubts had plenty of time to flood back in .
the day had n't started off all that well - what with someone messing with his guitar while he 'd been voicing a commercial for petco , and then him fighting a northbound traffic jam coming out of manhattan .
` ` you just called them about two seconds ago- '' people came at a dead run , a traffic jam forming at the top of the stairs in spite of the fact that the thing was huge , the sound of big feet thundering down to the foyer as the brothers came with their mates in tow .
the traffic jam of scientists all trying to leave the building had turned the hallway into a parking lot .
traffic jam on the other side of town . ''
there 's a traffic jam at the door .
the place was jam - packed with people .
marguerite stayed put because of the baby , but otherwise there was a mad rush to the doorway , which meant that it was one major traffic jam .
wade 's boots thudded down the metal ramp and finally the bottlenecked human traffic jam eased .
there had been a wreck downtown that caused a traffic jam , making them late .
he slammed on the brakes , and i felt the seat belt jam into my stomach .
at the door , we ran into a slight traffic jam .
air and sound and my heart jam up in my chest when hemi moves back down to my entrance .
the car slowed for a traffic jam that seemed to be caused by nothing , and they had to double back once when mr nicholls took a wrong turning .
now that i had my breath fully back , i explained about the delayed flight , the ticket , then the police escort and finally about the traffic jam that had caused me to run the last half mile to the doctor 's office .
* * * the arena is jam packed , the crowd loud with excitement .
soon they found themselves in the center of a major highway , in the middle of a traffic jam .
[ 1 ] our first use of atomic bombs sent out shock waves into space that resulted in a veritable traffic jam of spacecraft that came here in order to scrutinize humanity before we destroyed the planet .
how did he get through the traffic jam ?
the block ended , and she glanced into one of the cars slanted across the intersection in the heart of a traffic jam .
the jam just laughed .
the jam got defensive .
the knife ripped through its larynx , and she felt the knife jam into its hard palate before coming to a rest .
his right arm was in a sling and here and there on his face and neck and hands were stitches , iodine marks and plasters : his reward for causing a traffic jam in des moines .
but they were at a dead stop , stuck in the middle of a massive traffic jam ; on the radio , a voice was warning everyone to abandon the cities and get underground .
roy expected a major traffic jam but the designers of the alcazar had anticipated such a crowd and had installed a set of eight moving sidewalks , four going toward the tournament room and four moving away .
enrique , whose horse , flerry , was streaking ahead of the others , reached the last watchel in a number of approximately fourteen or so , which was dashing with an observable limp , as it had cut off its foot on a corroded piece of metal , and knocked it lifeless down to the chilly ground with a crushing jam of his axe over to its back .
they were dark blue in color , a glittery and burnished dark blue in the luminous sunlight , and as soon as they had jam - packed above the forest , the sky darkened for a stretched while , the sun veiled from worldly view by their uncalled - for presence in other words .
guns jam ! ''
she felt for all those families stuck in the traffic jam and had a long way to walk , and all the mothers with hungry little children ... she took the standard route , rather than using the shortcut through the woods , as she had done before , to avoid unwanted eyes .
he breathed , feeling his thoughts jam in shock .
the room was a perfect forest of potential clues , jam - packed with gadgets and hardware that might have some bearing on the case , if only alvar knew enough about experimental robotics .
maybe to a politician , a room jam - packed with all manner of people was a good thing .
` ` girls ... '' don day 's tone was still only vaguely threatening as he concentrated on guiding the car out of the traffic jam .
before it , maerlyn is as jam to him . ''
the trembling of the floor had begun to fade , and the traffic jam of escaping rats was starting to break up .
` ` she 's a jam heretic too .
' the streets were completely blocked with automobiles people were piling in through the back garden gate , and every window in the place was lighted i could hear the shrill screams of the saxophone long before i reached the front steps ' there was no one on the front door , as far as i ever saw , and i simply went in , pushing through a regular jam of young persons in the hallway , who were all smoking and laughing and greeting each other , and took no notice of me at all ' the party did include every manner of dress , exactly as stella had promised there were even quite a few elderly people there and langtry found himself comfortably anonymous as he made his way to the bar in the living room where he was served a glass of extremely good champagne ' there were more and more people streaming in every minute a crowd was dancing in the front portion of the room in fact , there were so many persons everywhere i looked , all chattering and laughing and drinking amid a thick bluish cloud of cigarette smoke , that i could hardly gain a fair impression of the furnishings of the room rather lavish , i suppose , and rather like the salon of a great liner , actually , with the potted palms , and the tortured art deco lamps , and the delicate , vaguely grecian chairs .
the traffic jam was just a memory .
she said no , briskly but cheerfully , to a glass of the white wine and the slice of pizza - she had , she explained , eaten in the traffic jam .
we 'll know civilization , and jam bands , survived .
with clearance now , the guardsman turned their cart to the right , skirting the emergency traffic jam in front of the museums .
the evacuation painter had ordered was under way , turning the park at its peak season into a massive traffic jam .
terrible table manners , terrible academic grades jam looks up to chase for guidance .
the car park is jam - packed with vehicles , a lot crashed into each other they were probably in a frantic rush trying to escape the place and were nt careful enough .
there was a dance floor in the middle that was jam packed .
the autopilot crawled as they passed through the traffic jam .
we ran into a traffic jam , and i decided to cut through the halls .
goodbyes jack and shotgun sailed over the traffic jam in the streets below .
when she found the courage to open her eyes , they were coming off of a windy road , and approaching a traffic jam on a highway .
as we sat idling , in a traffic jam , the driver in the next car to us passed me his card through the opened window .
it was over , and the kids were shuffling out in a huge traffic jam .
i swing around quickly , my head zipping from side to side , trying to see who it is , but its practically impossible in this traffic jam of a crowd , especially when you re as short as i am and your dad wo nt let you wear a kitten heel , let alone rhinestones in the daytime .
the car park was jam packed and he guessed that when grace and oliver arrived , they might be walking in because their dad would be forced to park the car up the road .
they were hoping to beat the crowd , but found a jam of people at the gate .
the place was jam packed tonight , and everyone stood shoulder to shoulder .
so , lets hail a cab quickly then , i said and looked down from the top of steps down to the street that ran along the central facade of schwarzman building it was packed with cars sitting in it traffic jam .
judging by the fact that those cars were barely moving , it seemed the traffic jam had paralyzed all of manhattan .
i got into dads car and in fifteen minutes , the bulk of which was spent stuck in a traffic jam , we were at the city clerks office , a massive grey building with the inscription state of new york above the main entrance .
she needed to start her two - hour drive north or risk a highway traffic jam .
to circumvent the log jam of kids crowding the couch i stepped onto the coffee table and walked across it over to oakley , plopping down next to her , right in elles lap .
daniel , winters ice has broken the ice jam .
our first performance at this jam , back in junior high , we yelled like hell at each other over the turbulent crowd .
molly pushed through the traffic jam .
chapter twenty traffic jam phone ...
the traffic jam would not slow the concession men down for long , but it bought fluky , mitty and myself enough time to man the block and tackle , pull on the ropes and slide the cordwainer 's engine back onto its tracks .
as he looked along the street he was impressed at the size of the traffic jam just in front of the club .
i want to push him away , to grab the silver letter - opener from his desk and jam it straight into the family crest on the back of his neck .
i pulled out my phone , called naim and confirmed that , once he cleared the traffic jam , he would turn at the same alley i d entered .
there might have been others in my fan club that i had nt seen but they had nt made themselves conspicuous by trying to force their way around the traffic jam .
unlike wanstead park avenue , which had at least been constructed near to a tube station , this dismal outpost had neither conveniences nor collection points , and accordingly now the working day was over the place was jam - packed with everyones second cars , company exes and vanity wanks mostly .
he enters the caf , making his way through the jam of patrons , plates , tables and staff he approaches the counter .
her peripheral vision snatched random bits of informationnearing policia , a gathering traffic jam on the calle alcala behind the bmw , a bloody hand with bent fingers protruding from beneath the carbut all of these things were simply recorded and filed away .
he turned into a side street and ran straight into a traffic jam , which only added to his irritation .
the crash had blocked one of the lanes and the building jam of cars were blowing their horns .
the street was jam packed with cars , all lined up bumper - to - bumper , and the sidewalk was littered with people in a mad , desper - ate rush to be somewhere other than where they were .
a jam packed bus had taken the brunt of the blast as it waited adjacent to the pillar for green light .
kurt stopped short in the middle of the concourse , causing a momentary traffic jam as people reacted to the sudden obstacle in their path .
he toyed with the idea of tuning back into the game , but the combination of the saints doomed performance and the traffic jam would probably be too much for his blood pressure .
again , but the same truck was only twenty yards ahead and revving heavily , caught in a jam behind a few cars as someone parked .
a small jam of four of five cars loomed ahead .
another small jam ahead , this time in the outside lane behind a car turning left into rue pierre nicole .
there appears to be a massive traffic jam ahead .
beyond the turn - around , we moved with sporadic westbound traffic that starkly contrasted with the stupendous jam across the median .
the gym was jam packed with people and those who could not squeeze inside the doors strained at the windows to see the outcome of this highly anticipated event .
the tables in the club were arranged like a traffic jam , making passage awkward and potentially bruising - especially as there was more than one reveler who had drunk the dance floor all the way to them .
i turned left down the first street which offered me sanctuary as an opportunity to side - track , and then i parked my car as a preference to walk towards the burning masses instead of being stuck in a traffic jam .
- 15 - the fiat pulled out of the airport entrance and was immediately embroiled in the naples midday traffic jam .
this car was not designed for sitting idle , in a traffic jam , with mini - vans , electric cars , and work trucks !
most likely , the traffic jam would be cleared before the helicopter reached him .
the yacht seemed out of place as it roared by the scores of cargo ships waiting in the channel outside the harbor mouth , steel behemoths lined up in an aquatic traffic jam .
it caused a few collisions and created the traffic jam .
right well anyway do nt ask me how a begets b but naturally this bus announcement leads to some drummed up 6 oclock news hysteria that shows people being interviewed in front of their houses saying they will not give up their cars , goddammit , and then some spliced in old stock footage of a twelve lane traffic jam in l.a . , then finally this , like , seventy year old man wobblin up the sidewalk on a bicycle .
the honking and roaring of engines in the traffic jam took over , and everyone was silent and devoid of expression again .
she nodded and turned away , skillfully plowing through the jam of bodies .
with the time it was taking , however , the hyun gang could have called in reinforcements from a downtown saigon traffic jam .
he had ditched the mercedes benz one maddening traffic jam too late .
as it lurched into first gear , the traffic jam resolved itself in front of me , and several cars fell into line behind .
he felt the muzzle jam into the back of his neck as he kept walking forward and was pushed onto a couch covered in knit blankets .
the dance floor is jam packed with bodies .
the two stood awestruck for several breaths completely unaware of the traffic jam they were causing .
the two guys would come tearing around the curve and jam on the brakes and then start backing up and shooting .
oneman ran down the street , below the curb , and beganchecking the half - dozen or so taxis in the traffic jam ; a second stayed on the pavement , slowly making hisway around the tables of a sidewalk cafe , then goinginside .
we thought maybe they had gone out onto the pack after a specimen or to get around the ice jam along the shore .
cogs jam smoking to a halt ; cogs accelerate and strip their teeth .
everyone was en route , like they were all sitting in the same fucking traffic jam .
he stood without moving amid the insanity of the crowds rowdily pouring out of the stadium and into their cars in the parking lot , creating the inevitable traffic jam .
as she sank to her haunches to comfort the anxious retriever , tohr headed for the door , slowing down as he joined the traffic jam of brothers at the vestibule .
the main hall was wide and tall , but it was jam packed with people talking , dancing , kissing , groping -- it was like the hottest dance club with all the lights up full .
every booth was taken ; the dance floor was jam packed ; it was standing room only at the bar .
as he approached the bar it was jam packed elbow to elbow and he could barely squeeze in to get the bartenders attention .
each room was jam packed with kids , shoulder to shoulder , holding red plastic cups and drinking beer from kegs that sat on the floor .
it was jam packed with people shoulder to shoulder dancing and drinking .
there was a traffic jam outside the building ; the cars wedged at odd angles , honking .
and judging from the traffic jam of girls who were plowing into me from behind , i totally was n't the only one who thought so .
as we hit the tel aviv area , traffic jam city starts .
first i take minerva out onto the track , warm her up , then turn the other direction and race around the turf to avoid a traffic jam with other riders warming up .
the only thing special about the lobby was that it was jam - packed with kids evacuated from the cruise ship .
wistfully , i watched a cyclist weaving his way through the traffic jam .
other students , who had to push past to the right or left of us , were complaining of the traffic jam .
this ... dad , it 's not right , it 's not- he heard himself suck in a quick breath as the night beyond tony , that awful black jam of shadows ... moved .
the highway was littered with chunks of asphalt and abandoned cars , and once i got off the interstate i inched along , weaving through a massive traffic jam , every street clogged with cars and bicycles , and people dodging between them carrying suitcases .
imagine , she said , ca nt stop and talk to an old friend on a lonely country road without causing a traffic jam .
yes , john chambers knew the system was jam packed with men and women , who did nt , in any way , belong there .
they have passed the traffic jam into an array of houses on a quiet street .
the bus was headed west toward dealey plaza ; it ran into a bumper - to - bumper traffic jam , bringing all traffic to a stop .
yeah , the zombie apocalypse does seem to be a strange time to be cruising with the wind in your hair , particularly in a mass - exodus traffic jam , melody said .
very suddenly and wetly all four probes jam into lance 's exposed grey matter .
even the perspiring pedestrians were moving faster than the traffic jam that filled the area around the street market .
and then it happened ... they swerved out of the way of a traffic jam of dozens of abandoned vehicles , the heart of where the undead were claiming their victims .
big traffic jam on dodge street .
in the road before him , ed sees a long line of trucks in the right lane and another line further on in the passing lane , a traffic jam of trucks .
the darkness of the scene made it hard to see much , but there seemed to be a huge traffic jam and people running down the sidewalks .
just bright enough that the entire audience could see the curtain jam opening night .
normally the place was jam - packed .
a traffic jam of carts stretched back from it .
but unlike before the red energy did nt ascend into the air or spread like a wave , it remained jam packed by the force fields and the amount of pressure it was under caused the energy to strike forth like an inferno through a tunnel of hay .
once in the parking lot , cassie quickened her pace even more , ignoring the angry honking of horns as she made cars jam on the brakes to avoid colliding with her .
she called to the mage who was several yards ahead by now , having not been aware of the traffic jam behind him .
he pushed it down until he felt it jam .
it was built around one enormous square which was a cross between a permanent exotic traffic jam and a tent village .
so many tried to get up after elend that the stairwell got clogged , and he watched hopelessly as men crowded around the openings below , creating an even larger jam of bodies in the courtyard .
program mangers at fox news , cnn , nbc and abc keep the telecast live without commercial interruption as hundreds of thousands of viewers jam telephone lines and the internet .
amalia vengeance and remission 's soundtrack : # 1 way to britannia # 2 traffic jam # 3 way back home # 4 winter song # 5 dangerous places # 6 one day soon # 7 reconing song # 8 how to save a life # 1 way to britannia not everyone remembers the eruption of mount pele .
as he shouldered his way to the front of the jam of men , he spotted the combatants .
outside they roughly parted a way through the jam of people who filled the street as they jostled ridge away from the scene of the arrest .
but suddenly the jam of men had fallen back to a respectful distance .
the pin in the lower block had broken , causing the pulley wheel to break loose and jam against the cables .
behind us is a counter , which bron rips from the floor and jams against the opening to keep the door in place .
i feel the lever begin to give and then jam .
the crash had caused the driver 's side door to jam , and i could see the man inside kicking at it to get it open .
aliases are what you are called when you do nt want to be called what you are supposed to be called because someone who you might not want to know that you are you might be listening in to your important conversation about the traffic jam on the interstate or the approximate position of a police office , cleverly called smokey or five - oh as if they did nt know that s what they were cleverly called .
i guess you could even say she s hell on wheels : she only plays 50s music on her radio , has locks that jam when people are inside , and her engine roars like the devil whenever arnie pays too much attention to his flesh and blood girlfriend .
two motorcycles roared up the cluttered sidewalks , slowing when they hit the traffic jam , working their way through before thundering away .
they ran past the jam of cars and trucks by the bridge .
both the highway and the frontage road were jam packed with vehicles in all lanes .
he moved toward the front of the traffic jam and almost stumbled over the body of a cop .
he found his unmarked vehicle near the front of the jam , riddled with bullets .
cars were still pulling up at the back of the jam .
i saw a traffic jam form in a cul - de - sac in a quiet residential neighborhood street .
the traffic jam had cleared and there were only a few neighbors left in their homes .
my luck being what it is , i pulled right into a thick traffic jam .
felecia was gone now , dragged kicking and screaming from his pickup truck and dismembered before his eyes as they sat in a traffic jam at the main gate .
he flipped on the local radio news channel and began listening as he pulled away from the curb and merged into the now steady traffic of bankers , lawyers and businessmen all vying for green lights to usher them into the jam of machines jostling their way downtown .
he felt the loosened , overstressed spring try to buckle and jam , but in the end it decided to cooperate one last time .
a traffic jam seemed to be causing a bottleneck at the main exit , so i pushed a side door to the pre - k playground open with my shoulder , and with zoe in my arms , hopped the fence .
many of the cars had become hearses , their decaying drivers still leaning behind the wheels , their passengers slumped as if , weary of the traffic jam , they had fallen asleep .
beyond the scene of this battle - trash was pretty sure that 's what it had been - the traffic jam began again .
the town of brighton was worse ; at one point he had to leave the highway and drive across the local high school football field to avoid a colossal traffic jam .
the thought that they were sitting less than two feet above a traffic jam , less than two feet above god only knew how many dead bodies , was an unsettling one .
from here he had an angle on the careless jam of police cars in the sunlight home 's front yard .
were in the future jam .
cheers jam .
brick wandered over as jam took another swig from his hip flask .
bobby perked up as jam stared at his own shoes .
sandbag turned to jam and enforced a headlock .
wine was nt his first choice , but he figured he d kill a half hour and catch the tail end of the traffic jam .
sitting in a car in a traffic jam in the centre of an unfamiliar conurbation in the middle of a long days journey was not the ideal precursor to a romantic reunion .
belter grinned and picked his way through the jam of letters .
i was hoping the electric power grid in america would fail , and a traffic jam of gargantuan proportions would prevent me from arriving .
fans who had driven overnight from adelaide screeched to a halt when they spotted deb and jack thereby , creating chittingford dales first and only traffic jam .
i 'll even bet that coffee fueled more than a few late - night jams featuring mick , keith , ronnie , bill and charlie .
chapter 2 plates & spin the jam - packed club salsa in covent garden was particularly sticky this late - june saturday night ; the tinny rhythms , toothy grins and over - pronounced dance steps were in abundance and nick was in his element .
seven seconds later , we screeched to a halt , locked in a traffic jam .
a more recent game , a derivation on the traffic jam game , was to pick a lane at the grocery , eyeball those in the adjoining lanes , and pick out one or two shoppers to duel as to who would be through the check - out first .
and best of all , he was well out of range of the choking prison of a traffic jam that was still lurking somewhere on the expressway behind him .
the streets were clogged with cars , but it was the most polite traffic jam she had ever seen .
mum was in labour and did nt think she would make it to the hospital in time , so dad got out of the car and walked up to the front of the traffic jam .
arizona is jam - packed , simply loaded with cowboy princes , mother claimed happily , starting her version of a folk tall tale , a ridiculous story on a hot afternoon in the summer of 1962 , why , the place is so crowded with them that its a wonder anyone else has got an inch of space to call their own .
the drivers of the other vehicles caught up in the traffic jam continue to beep their car horns in irritation , yelling to clear the way .
she suddenly comes to realise the extent of the damage , taking in the views of broken headlights and dented metalwork , and of course , the trail of traffic jam behind it .
the jams of cars idled in the night , far away sirens roaring down the desert streets , past palm and grass center dividers and the pink brick apartments , small homes with gravel fan drives and central palms .
the room was starting to clear out , in fact there was a traffic jam at the wide double doors that lead to the residence halls .
as the small caravan crested the hill , the jam loosened up creating a space for judd to move out ahead of the truck and squeeze in between a minivan and another 18 wheeler .
cars roared to life and a traffic jam backed up in front of the impeccably renovated neighboring homes .
he heard allison scream as the jeep tilted sharply with the impact , and felt something jam hard into his stomach and ribs , pushing the air from his body as the windscreen exploded and shards of glass flew past them like blizzard snowdrops .
by now there was a traffic jam behind the damaged stationary vehicle and a couple of people left their cars to see if they could help .
the traffic jam was not as serious as it could be , rating about 7 out of 10 .
there was no place to sit ; every pew was jam - packed with solid lawrencetonians in their winter coats .
a long line spindles across the lobby , the place jam - packed from the spring break festivities .
the place was jam packed and the vibe in the air was intoxicating on its own .
i was going to come at the table across from my friends in a jam packed bar .
i boosted myself onto the edge of the u - haul and turned on my keychain flashlight , peering into the jam of boxes and furniture .
no wonder the whole area 's jam - packed .
the place was jam - packed with women of all ages .
she gestured at the area that had just been jam packed with people with cameras and questions .
measurements taken and pleasantries exchanged margery and jenny left and were soon sitting in a traffic jam heading west .
we turned to join the highway to fourways , slowing to a crawl in the long evening traffic jam .
it was jammed packed car in the infernal traffic jam .
she had parked her car on the street near the school to avoid the traffic jam in the lot .
these next few days are going to be jam packed with work before we leave for the airport .
there is a traffic jam down the street and i was stuck .
peter pulled off the highway and into the parking lot , navigating to the drive - thru lane , which was backed up by a traffic jam of coffee seekers .
there would probably be a real traffic jam just before midnight .
the entrance was jam packed full of people hoping to get a seat - bravo 's was very popular , and she winced as she heard the hostess tell someone else that the wait time would be thirty minutes .
the christmas tree lot is strangely jam - packed , on this , the final night to decorate over - glorified shrubbery .