although her co - workers had been nice about it , treating her like they did everyone else , she could n't deny that she stood out like a lowly daffodil in a garden of elegant lilies .
spring had come early ; the trees were in bloom and crocuses and daffodils soaked up the sunshine .
along with the sunshine and longer days , the daffodils were starting to pop up from their winter hiding place .
he stopped in the middle of a pretty little area with daffodils starting to bloom with the springtime warmth .
there was n't a cloud in the sky and the daffodils were already in full bloom .
she noticed the daffodils starting to peek out and the forsythia was just about to explode with its beautiful golden flowers .
a long driveway , lined by stately oak trees led the way to the house which opened to a beautiful lawn complete with rose bushes just starting to spread their leaves and bloom , a myriad of daffodils with their bright , shining yellow faces reaching for the last rays of the sunshine .
an old pair of paint - spattered rain boots held emerging daffodils on the front porch while an open - mouthed frog umbrella stand greeted visitors in the small foyer .
late - spring daffodils crowded the walkways in shades from butteryellow to the softest cream .
while daffodils and snow drops were in full bloom behind their table , camille recognized the scent of jasmine lingering in the air .
he bent down , broke off the stem of a wild daffodil and held it out to her .
she stopped in the field , with wild daffodils blooming all around her .
victoria stared thoughtfully at the neat beds of daffodils blooming beside the path .
once , my family called that room on my left the daffodil room because it was painted that perfect shade of yellow .
` ` where elena 's daffodils bloom in the spring . ''
` ` we can replant the daffodil bulbs in the fall and the flowers will bloom again next year .
` ` i asked why you reacted so strongly to the mistake with the daffodils . ''
` ` in mom 's daffodils , i see .
as she passed the outskirts of town and the final median of grass , daffodils , and other assorted flowers , she saw samson weeding the flower beds and called out to him .
it was festooned with flowers : bluebells and foxgloves and harebells and daffodils , but also with violets and lilies , with tiny crimson dog - roses , pale snowdrops , blue forget - me - nots and a profusion of other flowers dunstan could not name .
the witch reached into her apron and produced a glass daffodil .
the daffodils are popping up in the beds .
` ` whatever , '' i drawl , reaching down to pick a daffodil from the side of the road .
* * * * * colin drove down the attractive lane that led to sibyl 's cottage and as he did he saw dotted in the woods sprinkles of late - blooming snowdrops , crocuses and opening daffodils .
white daffodils were spread across the bed in the shape of a heart .
a small trail of orange and yellow daffodils led us to the bed and to a waiting desk with a bottle of champagne and a card .
fun fact , daffodils are symbolic of new beginnings and fresh starts .
saylor never wants to see another daffodil in her entire life so please , keep all flowers contained lest she stuff one in my mouth while i ' m sleeping .
she settled her head on the pillow , her gaze absently studying the oil painting depicting a field of daffodils that hung on the wall .
she kept her gaze trained on the daffodil painting even as she was vividly aware of his lean body pressed against her back .
after yet another restless night , amelia rose and attired herself in a muslin gown the soft shade of daffodil .
` ` the dolts completely ruined my daffodils .
his size alone was vaguely threatening , and that grim expression did n't make her think of daisies and daffodils , either .
she had no trouble finding her father 's grave site , and as she eased over to the shoulder of the lane , she was not surprised to see that his plot had been planted with all kinds of spring flowers , like daffodils , tulips , little crocuses .
` ` she likes peonies , and roses , and daffodils . ''
` ` when all at once i saw a crowd , a host of golden daffodils , '' he continued , and held my hand .
` ` rome archer , if you do n't wake up right this second so i can tell you that i love you , i swear i ' m going to name this baby something ridiculous like daffodil or rover and i ' m going to let your brother be in charge of haircuts until he or she is old enough to complain . ''
* * * eleonore drayton leaned back in her rocking chair and sipped the iced tea from a tall glass shaped like the center of a daffodil .
eleanor here was like a daffodil in a quagmire , a fragile blossom all too easily pulled to its doom .
the sky was so blue it looked fake , and the yellow daffodils looked plastic , like in a cemetery .
` ` are n't joy all daffodils and fluffy bunnies for springtime , '' i said .
the sun was beaming , the daffodils were just past their prime , and i had a date for friday .
saetan tried - again - to tell daffodil that he should keep the buggy on the right - hand side of the road .
and daffodil replied - again - that if he did that , yaslana and sundance : would n't be able to trot alongside .
lucivar promised to be back , muttering something about unhitching daffodil before the horse tried to do it himself .
they 'd returned with daffodil and sundancer pulling carts loaded with healing supplies , food for the humans , changes of clothes , blankets , and khary 's ` ` bribes '' -carrots and sugar lumps .
seeing daffodil and sundancer working confidently with the humans had acted as a balm on the unicorns ' fear .
'' good morning my little daffodils , '' jen sings and drops to the sand in front of us .
she nodded toward the overflowing bed of marigolds shaded by taller daffodils .
` ` indio , '' lily said with only a tiny bit of exasperation , ` ` must you wipe your jammy fingers on daffodil ?
lily caught the bowl deftly - much to the disappointment of daffodil .
` ` perhaps daffodil ate something that disagreed with her tummy , '' lily said diplomatically , ` ` and the tummy ache made her think she 'd seen a monster .
now why do n't we discuss fish clothing or ... or how to teach daffodil to sit up and beg ? ''
` ` i ' m sure daffodil would benefit from training , '' she said a little desperately .
let 's go find where daffodil has run off to . ''
several times the boy had disappeared with daffodil into the garden , despite lily 's dire threats regarding pudding and little boys who did n't mind their mothers .
sadly , daffodil had no such impulse .
maude came out of the theater and snatched up daffodil , who decided to turn affectionate , laving the maidservant 's face with her pink tongue .
apollo merely nodded and fed daffodil another bit . ` `
apollo did n't answer , simply offering the last of the pie to daffodil .
` ` it 's kind of you to give it her , '' indio said , stroking daffodil 's head .
` ` uncle edwin gived me daffodil .
i named her daffodil because that 's my favorite flower and the prettiest .
lily turned and started back up the path , daffodil scampering ahead .
indio bent and rescued apollo 's breeches by picking up daffodil , who immediately began bathing his face with her tongue .
indio laughed and daffodil began barking again - obviously her first reaction to nearly everything .
` ` but if daff eats an earthworm like she did last week , how- '' ` ` so how did caliban come to be nearby when daffodil went into the pond ? ''
maude and indio were shouting , grappling with daffodil and the mess on the floor , but lily was frozen , staring into murky brown eyes .
` ` tell me about how daffodil fell into the pond ? ''
i do n't want you near that pond again - with or without daffodil . ''
since daffodil was presently asleep on the hearth , this seemed extremely unlikely .
it was a sad thing indeed when one felt as intelligent as daffodil .
edwin threw himself on the settee beside daffodil and indio .
but edwin was laughing so hard he was spilling his wine , much to the delight of daffodil , who was lapping it up off the settee .
` ` best come outside , indio , you and daffodil . ''
indio rushed from the theater , chased by a barking daffodil .
he 'd been half expecting indio and daffodil to find him today , but so far they had n't .
not even daffodil was naive enough to believe that explanation .
indio was now off his chair and peering into caliban 's face while daffodil licked the boy 's sticky fingers .
indio leaped at that , always eager to be allowed to help in grown - up endeavors , and both maid and boy went to the fireplace , trailed by a curious daffodil .
immediately he was set upon by daffodil , who appeared to be the only one of the household awake .
he set daffodil on the ground and she immediately squatted .
the boy darted past apollo , his shirt clutched in his hand , and daffodil , who had been milling about , sniffing at dead vegetation , barked and happily raced after .
all the while indio chattered about everything from the sparrows he 'd seen in the trees the day before to the dead snail daffodil had attempted to eat the previous week .
indio cried , making daffodil leap and twirl in excitement .
she found indio outside kicking at a charred stick , breaking it to bits , while daffodil nosed at a clump of violets .
caliban held it carefully , seeming to understand how important the toy was to her son , as indio pointed out its best features and daffodil poked her nose eagerly into the matter .
caliban restrained daffodil from jumping in after .
lily stood to one side with indio and daffodil capering at her feet .
out of the corner of his eye he noticed that daffodil was back , peering interestedly into the hole , but he could n't move to shoo her away .
at the same time , indio darted between him and the cart as daffodil slipped and slid helplessly into the tree hole .
in the sudden silence daffodil 's high , hysterical barking was quite clear - and coming from inside the hole .
he tossed a very dirty daffodil over the edge of the hole .
she glanced again at caliban as she said , ` ` you and daffodil were very brave . ''
his back would ' ve been the hardest hit when he 'd covered indio and daffodil .
` ` daffodil 's an italian greyhound , '' the boy said , having trotted after his dog .
the pounding came again , provoking daffodil into a frenzy of yapping .
` ` the last thing we need is daffodil attacking soldiers . ''
there had been the reunion with indio , made even more chaotic by the duke 's four dogs - two greyhounds , a silly spaniel , and an elderly white lapdog - all of whom daffodil seemed to regard as very large play toys .
a few faltering daffodils trailed bravely near the house , planted and then forgotten by some ancestor of godric 's .
soon the daffodils would bloom .
it should either be daffodils or daisies .
they were hothouse roses at first , and when spring came around , daffodils , and in summer , dahlia blossoms so big she had to hold them with both hands .
daffodils had emerged as if from nowhere , their yellowing bulbs hinting at the flowers to come .
you used to call them giant daffodils . ''
you called them ... '' ` ` giant daffodils , '' she recalled .
they look nothing like daffodils . ''
jeanette returned from behind the church , her hair pushed back in a headband , the spade gone , and a clutch of daffodils in her hand .
joey could taste andrea , sweet like milky tea and daffodils , her breath puffing against the pillows .
on this day however , the fire that lived in his ancient knees had just been too much , his joints protesting loudly that the previous day 's gardening long hours of planting daffodils and azaleas and rhododendron bushes had been just a tad too optimistic .
he eyed the doctor from memory that spoke ` ` i recommended that you have him get nourishment from the daffodil drug via injections to his arm .
um ... its daffodil , if that s what you mean .
well , quack told me that daffodil will go on to do bad things in the future .
should i just call him daffodil , then ?
and why would they remove chicken and chick , yet take michael rowland daffodil along with them ?
between her visits he would think of her as spreading warm sunshine and the scent of daffodils wherever she went and he knew he was being a mooncalf but he did nt much mind .
the lawns also regained their color , and the tulips and daffodils bloomed .
it was her hair that made her so easy to spot : orange - red , the color of a daffodils heart , and vivid even at a distance as it flowed over her shoulders .
i looked over the hot house flowers ; tulips , daffodils , lady - slippers , roses , clover , even dandelion weeds which were harvested for food at times , dahlias , hydrangeas and even a few fir trees .
i cross the fray to help a girl with a table and between us we hide the scratched old surface with a daffodil yellow tablecloth .
jeremys parents held out a single white daffodil in their hands .
and saw her back from work standing in the doorway with daffodils , almost spectral , flowers and woman , a visitation from a less essential temporal plane .
he drifted off the press conference platform and ambled aimlessly through city halls formal gardens , ablaze with daffodils and tulips .
as one man put it , how would you explain wordsworth 's poem about daffodils to a blind watersnake ?
glancing up , she almost fell out of her seat as she gazed at the elderly woman who stood there , leaning on a cane , dressed in navy slacks and a blue summer frock with a daffodil pattern .
they were each the size of a large cherry , and in a variety of unusual colors : pastel pink , robin 's egg , daffodil , mint , and iced orange .
the garden resembled a flourishing palace with gardenias and acacias , dahlias and daffodils , high columns of green bushes , and a small fountain surrounded with tiny bluebells , serving as a pond for the rose finches .
any minute now , the heaviness in my heart would dissipate and i 'd be free , dancing through daffodils on heaven 's hillside .
the scent of daffodils filled my nose , and a tingling sensation started at the tip of my head , ran down my back , out along my wings and through my toes and fingers .
she nodded again , her gauzy wings and daffodil hair moving as one .
i go in swinging at the yellow daffodil - like flowers that are buzzing around the vigilantes .
as i fight through the flying flowers , i catch sight of a creature with red eyes sitting in the green grass where the daffodils were peacefully perched before they launched an attack against the vigilantes .
i run for him , dodging daffodils as others fight all around me .
the daffodils around the vigilantes fall to the ground , unmoving .
white lace curtains floated in the breeze above window boxes filled with yellow daffodils .
as he drove out of the neighborhood , he marveled that the tulips and daffodils were already fading .
my name is mentor daffodil .
do i wear this one , mentor daffodil ?
i think daffodil claps , alone without the stunned teens .
beautiful , views daffodil , fingering the tiara .
apella frowns at daffodil , fingering the tiara .
i want my mama daffodil halts in front of apella raising her palm stone , when a yellow wave hits the tiara goo .
molfalso stops at the second table then views daffodil .
she wobbles then slowly stands smiling at daffodil .
i m telling mentor daffodil .
i telling mentor daffodil .
without a graduation ceremony or a good bye party or a hot lunch or a nice expensive gift or a wonderful something , frowning as daffodil stands behind the first female .
daffodil smiles and waves her palm gem stone above the tiara of the first female .
after the last teen morphs into his personality color daffodil shoves him off the stage .
she saw that all the flowers were in bloom even the ones that bloomed in different seasons , all the lilies she so loved , the orientals , with their intense aromas , even the daffodils and tulips .
the countryside has not yet woken up to the fact that , in a few short weeks , it will be a riot of color as the daffodils , crocus and bluebells welcome another spring .
he returned holding some daffodils and jonquils which she put into a vase and set in the middle of the table .
then past stacks of broken trees , lying like twisted cadavers , their thick trunks snapped and splintered , arriving at the last remaining oasis of trees with daffodils lining empty lots and sunlit leaves turning pale green .
or were you the one who smelled vaguely like daffodils , reminding me of my backyard and childhood possibilities , and your long hair bushing across my face in the wind .
last month was as far back as he remembered in terms of what his favourite was : wordsworths i wandered lonely as a cloud i wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high o'er vales and hills , when all at once i saw a crowd a host of dancing daffodils ; along the lake , beneath the trees , ten thousand dancing in the breeze .
the waves beside them danced , but they outdid the sparkling waves in glee : -- a poet could not but be gay in such a laughing company : i gazed -- and gazed -- but little thought what wealth the show to me had brought : for oft when on my couch i lie in vacant or in pensive mood , they flash upon that inward eye which is the bliss of solitude , and then my heart with pleasure fills , and dances with the daffodils by this time , he d have fallen fast asleep with his hands in his pants .
may in herefordshire can be a beautiful month , the daffodils , bluebells and crocuses have been and gone , the annuals are in the ground except on the north side .
surrounding various water fountains were violets and violas , daffodils and grape hyacinths .
her hair , cut at shoulder length , was the color of daffodils .
according to the officers he shouted , the red will end all twenty - seven daffodils , we will just have to sit back and watch .
to be honest , i have nt given the twenty - seven daffodils and the all powerful red much thought .
the daffodils and the all powerful red is muddled nonsense .
nikolay chulkov shouted that the red will end all twenty - seven daffodils .
and what was the significance of the twenty - seven daffodils ?
that means that the russian was shouting that piros will end all twenty - seven daffodils ?
if were going with my hypothesis , then twenty - seven and daffodils may also have different meanings .
jonquilles is the french word for daffodils .
that whole thing the russian murderer was shouting , the red will end all twenty - seven daffodils ?
green rolling fields extend all the way to the cliffs that run round hartland point , but all that davie can see are tailgates , stands of daffodils and plastic bags snagged in hawthorn branches .
as the sound of the good samaritan 's engine fades into the daffodil banks billy lets birdsong wash over him .
in the banks upon which the wind - stunted bushes bend , daffodils huddle together , ragged and bleeding at the edges of their two - tone trumpets .
the words daffodil , moreover , sizzle , enunciate , and vizage , the misspelling to the last word seeming purposeful , the final e in it written backward .
' this blow snaps a man 's neck like a daffodil . ''
` ` really , my british daffodil ?
speak to menot of fantasies , daffodil the man is real . ''
that daffodil drunk from cairo ? ...
that daffodil expects a contact from the mahdi any minute - someone who 's not to call from the lobby but who 's to go directly to his room .
spring daffodils and hyacinths wrapped its walls , the brick and wood topped by a lopsided gabled roof .
` ` i suppose , you know all about it , you high - powered political daffodil , you . ''
she suppressed a shudder and focused instead on the patches of bright yellow daffodils scattered over the grounds .
clumps of yellow daffodils sprung from the grass .
she 'd walked down the paths , barely noticing the bright patches of daffodils as she wrestled with all the recent twists and turns in her life .
` ` la , my dear daffodil , the hive queen and i , we ... have our differences .
` ` but you are , my daffodil , and i do not mean to cause offense , a tad insignificant fox his attentions .
by the side of the road were little kiosks which held huge bunches of daffodils , yellow as spring .
she longed for the pure gold of the daffodils , but she knew they could n't spare the money .
it was another of the kiosks , like the ones that had old daffodils in oregon .
he could almost hear the great roar of the dancing fountains , see the long narrow beds of daffodils and tulips blooming eternally out of season , hear the hypnotic music that beat like a heart beneath it all .
there were banks of lilies , vases ful of roses , tulips in every color and shade , and riots of daffodils and narcissus , while fragrant honeysuckle and freesia lay in bowers .
the daffodils in the garden are all in bloom .
there would be no fire - engine reds , no flashes of parakeet green , no cerulean , no daffodil , no mercury silver - and no gold .
he picked up some fresh daffodils that had blown away and replaced them tenderly at the foot of baroness sterling 's monument .
i climbed into dullsville 's cemetery with a bouquet of daffodils in my backpack .
` ` you look like a daffodil . ''
with most of the weeds removed , she saw that a few daisies and daffodils bordered the primroses .
they eased their way through the half - finished carnage of dream homes until they made another twist and saw one house that had daffodils dotting the flowerbeds and an abandoned tricycle standing sentry in the yard .
certainly not sunburst or raincoat or daffodil yellow , but not quite skin - colored , either .
a magnificent mantle covered her shoulders , made of every flower under the sun : lilies , roses , tulips , daffodils , and plants i did n't have a name for .
they 're daffodils .
well , they do n't exactly look like daffodils right now .
` ` let me tell you something about daffodils , margaret .
` ` these are all daffodils ? ''
` ` mrs . reynolds is an expert on daffodils , mom . ''
caleb still follows my conditions : he does n't talk to me as he works on the gazebo and i plant more daffodils .
as i plant the last of the daffodil bulbs for mrs . reynolds , i think of the winter they 'll have to survive before thawing and being ready for their first peek of the sun .
` ` every fabric has its own personality , just like my daffodils .
` ` i ca n't wait until the daffodils bloom , '' maggie says , her eyes sparkling with the candles shining on them .
` ` the daffodils ... she 'll never see the daffodils come up , '' i say , stifling my emotions .
` ` the daffodils ... she 'll never see the daffodils come up , '' i say , stifling my emotions .
` ` mama loved those daffodils , did n't she ? ''
having my mom and me over for dinner , watching the daffodils bloom in the spring .
the daffodils , the gazebo ... everything she cared about in the last two months are for nothing .
` ` i 'll always remember mrs . reynolds , the gazebo , the daffodils , you and me in the gazebo ... '' caleb winks at me one more time and turns around , his back to me as he walks to the toyota .
` ` i just wanted to check the daffodils out back , '' i tell him .
i ' m surprised to see the daffodils are still thriving , the bright rainbow of colors immediately raising my spirits .
he made the gazebo while i planted the daffodil bulbs , both of us slaving away to please mrs . reynolds .
` ` and went to see mrs . reynolds ' daffodils . ''
it was heartbreaking - almost cruel - those fields of daffodils and lilies mocking the squalor around them .
he thought of the tiny apartment behind dot 's , how his mom put daffodils in old pickle jars on the windowsills and scrubbed the walls with bleach every sunday .
from the other side of the barn , they could hear anne humming as she pulled daffodils from the garden .
luis arrives at six , right on time , with a bunch of yellow daffodils in his hand .
a lawn mower buzzed in the distance , and bees flitted around the newly sprung daffodils .
there was a green watering can on the steps , daffodils peeking up in the flower beds , and a fruit wreath on the door .
iris angrily yanked a daffodil from the flowerbed by the mailbox and twirled it between her palms .
the snow had finally melted , and a couple of overeager daffodils had sprouted in the beds near the flagpole .
the sounds of air filters and the garden shifting from roses to daffodils with the deft , mechanical click of its holographic projectors .
it was old mrs hempstock , her apron held between her hands , and in the hollow of the apron so many daffodils that the light reflected up from them transformed her face to gold , and the kitchen seemed bathed in yellow light .
old mrs hempstock put her apron on the kitchen table , rapidly moved the daffodils off the cloth and on to the wood .
then she took a pair of blackened kitchen scissors , and snipped off the bottom half - inch of stem from each of the daffodils .
the daffodils sat like patches of sunlight , making that dark wooden kitchen even more cheerful .
spring was in the air and heading up the long drive way to flynn 's house i could see the blossoms on the apple tree and the daffodils lining the side of the road .
ahead , another dune blocked their path , its slope dotted by desert flowers that looked like blue daffodils .
one of the blue daffodils turned toward him .
jake scrambled up the neighboring slope on his back , avoiding the blue daffodils .
the blue daffodil to his right exploded like a geyser .
the hunter was equipped with a set of goggles fitted to a periscope - a scope camouflaged to look like a daffodil .
i remembered early last spring , coming home on a bitterly cold day to find the apartment filled with daffodils , the same hue , but five shades brighter than nan 's curtains .
across the street , in mr . and mrs . richardson 's yard , several daffodils nodded in the breeze .
other times it was slow and steady the crocuses and daffodils pushing their buds up through the remaining thin snow searching for the watery sun , the ducks gingerly walking over the thin ice on the pond expecting to fall through any minutenot that they minded .
a multitude of flowers lined the serpentine drive leading to the mansion ; hundreds of marigolds , snapdragons , and daffodils in a myriad of colors were in full bloom .
chapter 19 the breeze smelled sweet of fresh grass and daffodils as it wafted through the church , caressing the faces of everyone waiting patiently for the arrival of the bride .
the place is flooded with daffodils at this time of year .
maggie moved in her seat as if ready to flee the caf and wander amidst wild daffodils for the rest of the day .
red tulips with their beautiful large flower , and trumpet - shaped flower of golden daffodils filled the pool along with several snowdrops with its white drooping flowers .
playing among the white daffodils in our meadow , running from me and laughing , her golden hair streaming in the biting wind .
she 's not in compliance anymore , silly , claire said , as she led the way along a path of nodding daffodils to ring the bell .
there were uncountable different types of roses and daffodils and many other types of flowers in that garden and in the other side was a lake with a wood bribe parting it from the middle , which full of lovely fishes that beautified the whole garden .
they were embellished with yellow daffodils theme and every item of our rooms had the same color that suited the same theme we had three separate rooms and all three had the same theme thought you might like it .
we change themes weekly , but since we heard that you 'll are coming , we thought of remaking it to the daffodils theme .
i told aunt that i tripped and dropped a bucket of water i was goner pour to the vast of daffodils before it gets wilted .
shy daffodils slowly showed their beauty hidden by disparate pieces of soil .
at first it was hard for her to face the scene of her marriage , but gradually she learned to see each flower individually , each separate rose and mum , each daisy and daffodil .
sharp conical object serves up cups of daffodil tea to the five of them , two accepting the drink , two accepting just to be polite , and one refusing a cup in the bluntest manner imaginable .
the flowers made great spiral patterns of pink azaleas , bluebells , daffodils and snap dragons .
the luxury building of 860/870 has been the new york home ( past and present ) of quite a few celebrities and socialites , among them johnny carson and his wife , joanna , and the late philanthropist mary lasker , who is fondly remembered for her donation of cherry trees and thousands of daffodils to the united nations lawn .
on our way to his office , i noticed a flowerbed outside brimming with daffodils .
she wore a hat embroidered with lace and daffodils that stretched a foot above her bald head .
and he always gave me daisies and daffodils .
one of the neighbors had some daffodils and tulips in the flower bed .
and we will have a white wedding , with daisies and daffodils .
reminds me of the daffodils in spring .
like the few daffodils insistently pushing their way through the thick grass and weeds lining the two - lane roaddespite the fact it was only early marchthe heart could recover from overwhelming anguish , could return from a harsh , debilitating winter .
a brave petal of daffodil .
daffolitalians from daffodils , sakurattalians from sakura , and violettalians from violets .
the suns smith displayed a polished ring that radiated like daffodils in the morning sun .
occasionally , someone brought a flower into the underworld , but none has imagined the sight of hundreds of blooming tulips and daffodils spread before them .
katin inhaled the scents of roses and daffodils and bluethistle ; they had a calming effect on her , which she desperately needed .
he looked like a daffodil .
so firalda kneeled once again , set the glowing stone exactly where it lay before , and then she produced from her cloak the ingredients required for the ritual : a sprig of nightshade and a dried daffodil , the two of them bound together with twine soaked in a virgins first woman blood .
the spring daffodils had just started blooming , and the forsythia bushes in my front yard were getting yellow knobs on their branches .
i wondered how my forsythia bushes outside my house in kentucky were looking now , and i wondered if the daffodils still had their blooms .
she s within a field of snowdrop flowers and daffodils .
and there , the elegant flower - shop where for months he s pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she catches his gaze on her , for his gaze is focused past the flowers on one of the three florists , honey - blonde and slim , more graceful than all the flowers in the world , and then , finally , one june day ( roses displayed now ) , he summons up courage and pushes the door open , another jangle , the bell , the three aproned girls twittering in french no more comprehensible to him than the twittering of the two love - birds in the great gilded cage and louise ( he is louis and she is louise , hell say to her later and say it could nt be coincidence ) smiles shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsels his bouquet and later tells him she was jealous of the girl the bouquet was for , not knowing then that it was a pretext .
stares and imagines on the other side of it the elegant flower - shop where for months he d pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she caught his gaze on her and now , this june day on the other side of the pure white wall , hell push the door open on the three aproned girls twittering in french and louise will smile shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsel his bouquet and this time hell know she s jealous of the girl she thinks the bouquets for but its for her as shell discover an hour later at closing time when she comes out and finds him there ( the past corrected by hindsight into a new future ) with the flowers and also with the gold ring cleaned of muck , earned by a lifetime of suffering here , waiting for her , her honey hair and shy smile .
next to the crmerie , even though he ca nt make out daffodil - yellow or pansy - blue or rose - pink in the fog , that must be the flower shop .
that happens maybe years later , for seasons have gone by , he thinks , marked by the changing bouquets of the flower shop as he hops and hops , shuttles and shuttles , square 2 , april daffodils , hop hop , square 1 , the door , square 3 , may tulips , hop hop the door , the horse head round and round , square 1 , hop hop , june roses , high summer , no rs in the months , no more oysters in the fish store , hop hop , square 2 , all saints day chrysanthemums , hop hop , door , holly - wreaths now , the door , always the same , the door he can never open , hop hop hop hop , no hope , hope , hope .
there were even a few of the small wild daffodils coming out .
she crossed the forest of ancient oaks and emerald green lawns dotted with flowers of every shape and color , yellow daffodils , red poppies , snowdrops , wild violets , cornflowers .
fflur moved into the room dressed in a gown of unrelieved black that made her yellow skin the bright color of daffodils .
' i ' m not sure what you know of botany , ' the rogue said , stifling a chuckle , ' but you wo n't be growing any daffodils with the fertiliser you 're using . '
it was a poem about daffodils .
people could like daffodils if they wanted to .
' no self - respecting high priest is going to go through all the business with the trumpets and the processions and the banners and everything , and then shove his knife into a daffodil and a couple of plums .
i mean , if a poet sees a daffodil he stares at it and writes a long poem about it , but twoflower wanders off to find a book on botany .
where a crow 's nest would be was a cluster of trumpet - shaped flowers , like green daffodils .
perhaps it 's the sheer zestful vitality of the place , or maybe it 's just that a city with a million inhabitants and no sewers is rather robust for poets , who prefer daffodils and no wonder .
in the mass , however , they lack a certain something ; despite their claim to immense nutritional and moral superiority over , say , daffodils , they have never been a sight to inspire the poet 's muse .
yards were decorated with colorful tulips , daffodils , and potted plants and adorned with american flags and plastic geese .
` ` your excellency , please allow me to add that you stink like a sheep , that your mouth froths with idiocy and poison , and that your guts are as yellow as a springtime daffodil . ''
` ` daffodils ! ''
` ` shoving the daffodils up out of the ground and that kind of stuff . ''
i put the daffodils in a vase , considered putting them on the counter .
lying there , i caught sight of carter 's daffodils , and they jolted me into a decision .
` ` i 'll do no such thing , with owens and me having a lovely little tomb over by the daffodil patch .
the daffodils bustled in the breeze and here and there on the side of the hill a few early tulips nodded .
` ` and seamus spent his time snogging with catherine kelly , as blond as a daffodil .
dooryard gardens reached for spring , with brave blooms opening in wild blues , sassy oranges , delicate whites , topped here and there by the heralding trumpets of daffodils .
` ` daffodils and cranes .
she gathered stacks of yellow and green tissue paper , figuring the daffodils were easier to make than the cranes .
that 's what all these dumb paper cranes and daffodils were for , after all .
cassie found her mother on the far side of the square , stapling paper daffodils along a wooden baseboard .
one of the chairs said , ' your friend daffodil -- ' ' tulip , ' said mr pin .
the air was warm and picnic - perfect , with crocuses , daffodils , and other spring bulbs sprouting in brightly colored clusters .
but i can still picture the hills - at this time of year , the poplars and the cottonwoods should be blossoming , and the daffodils will be pushing up , and the air will smell sweet as the sap begins to run : a painful smell , which brings back memories of other springs and other cycles , a continuity that exists beyond and apart from us .
kathryns high heels still hurt like hell , but gwendolyn knew they looked swell with her daffodil dress .
agnes , on this night , was attired elegantly in daffodil satin , with long matching gloves , and while the colour tended to drain the colour from her face , no - one , particularly the gentlemen , seemed to notice it .
( past ) there were daffodils and freshness and fluffy white clouds and sunshine taking the chill from the land .
in his mothers ordo shadow woods , across the tola gol from her mongol tribe of jajirat , toghrul pitched his fathers and grandfathers ger , of daffodil - yellow wool and gilt wood , where the vessels , except the cauldron , are of gold .
the air was clear and the sun was gloriously bright , and the grounds of the park felt fairly bursting with the promise of spring : all the new leaves and buds on the trees , the shoots of daffodils just poking up from the soil .
a group of fifty farmers ploughed over the field , trampling over our defense like bulls over daffodils .
i purchase a blend of her buttery daffodils and crisp white tulips .
i place the tulips and daffodils in a mug and set them by the window .
i walk upstairs to fill the mug with water so that the daffodils and tulips keep until the morning next .
the daffodils and tulips are still fresh , and i gather them together , drying the stems with my surcote .
on impulse she bent into mrs . pearsons front garden and picked some daffodils .
suddenly everything looked different ; the muddy road did nt look that bad and would soon be dried by the spring sun , the daffodils held their heads proudly , just daring mary to pick them , and there was the hint of a summer day yet to come .
she picked a daffodil and threaded it through her buttonhole as she walked by .
he d changed into a new pair of khakis and a starched , daffodil dress shirt .
the daffodils stretched up high and instead of having bright colors they loomed over with a bruised purple and mottled dark sickly green and stunk of mildew , mold , and rotting fish at low tide .
this is nt some pretty world filled with colorful daffodils and butterflies .
she had an intimidating gaze , leering at him as if he had the integrity of a daffodil that she intended to smash .
the sun was shining and there was a touch of spring in the air , the village green was aglow with daffodils , she was amazed that everything in the village looked pretty much the same as the last time she had seen it , ten years earlier .
a vase of fragrant daffodils sat atop a doily on the dresser , beside a lamp with a white china base shaped like a milkmaid .
as the water ran across her chest and into her open mouth she remembered the cottage a month ago , whitewashed clean and with the daffodils dancing merrily in the window boxes out the front .
his features were strong but sensitive ( she wished there was a better word than ' sensitive ' ; that was the word you used to describe the local librarian who wrote stilted spenserian sonnets to daffodils in his spare time ; but it was the only word that fit ) .
the village council has planted some daffodils , freesias , and jonquils amongst the trees , they are just so beautiful at this time of the year and the nectar is so sweet .
muttering , i struggled with the basket of wet clothes as i made my way down the narrow first - floor hallway of our tenement building and then down the five wooden steps that led out to the back yard ; a small fenced - in patch of grass with a big oak tree on the right and a row of tulips and daffodils on the left .
contents chapter twenty six a daffodil sat atop noel hill , surveying the land it sat within as its unchallenged leader , pleased nobody dared to try and steal its patch .
seedlings waiting for the sacrificial daffodil to ensure they did nt emerge in the midst of a warm snap before spring fully got going , and thus die within a week of being born .
the eager daffodil .
'' well , '' repeats yo - yo , '' i ai n't going in it , '' and he dashes across the road and into the soft green grass , gently swaying trees , bright yellow daffodils and sandstone gravestones of the cholera burial ground between station road and the old city walls .
'' die daddy do n't let me die daddy do n't let me die daddy do n't let me die daddy do n't let me die daddy do n't let me die daddy do n't let me die daddy do n't let me '' a little long - haired boy in a tatty white shroud lying in the daffodils chokes on his coughs , gives a great rasping gasp .
yo - yo looks at the daffodils and the grass and ... ... ... ... .. oh god !
into the city old yellow walls grassy banks covered in daffodils cobbled streets white and black half - timbered houses great stone gates surmounted with statues medieval churches skulking on corners ancient pubs with oak - beamed ceilings buskers playing pianos in shopping streets bridges e p e i w n s g over browny - green rivers memorial plaques adverts for ghost walks sandstone ' hic jacets ' set into walls colourful flowers in reds , pinks and yellows passenger boats tied up at the staithe people sitting in warm mid - may sunshine welcome to eorforwic eboracum eorwic jorvik york yo - yo is sandwiched between lily gusset and aunty latch .
he presses the bulb of his plastic daffodil and sprays water over kos .
one moonlit night aureole had led him off behind the big mock - ming flower vase and , breathing urgently into his ear behind the daffodils that her pond needed fishing and he should cast his rod in it and she could help him arrange his tackle , tugged at his string till it broke .
aureole was a practised and skilful milkmaid and she 'd practised her skill on him , screaming ' sylvain sylvain ' so loudly she had rattled the daffodils in their vase .
he was desperately clutching a rather pathetic and drooping bunch of flowers ( wilted daffodils , sniffed arden contemptuously ) and a very large bottle of bootleg johnny walkerer .
then it is up liscard road with the red bricks of victoria hospital on the left and the 1960s ' concrete of the co - op on the right , until we get to liscard roundabout with its paving perimeter , fenced in grassy inclines , and early spring daffodils .
none of that takes away from the beauty of the yawning purple irises or the slender yellow daffodils , purposefully and painfully planted as tribute to my grandmother .
i wanted to be able to marinate in the sweet fragrance of irises , daffodils , roses and lavender i planned on cultivating in the backyard .
but as they were preparing to launch off -- superkid had his hose to his mouth -- one of the mutant plants -- a daffodil -- stepped forward .
it said '' when the three of them had n't responded after the second time , the daffodil turned and signaled to its comrades .
they passed a bank of bluebells and daffodils on a field of carpet - like moss .
* * * we found george in karen 's garden , picking his way on delicate paws among the tulips and daffodils and making playful passes at bumble bees .
` ` a recent survey conducted by st david 's university college , lampeter , revealed that some four and a half million daffodils were sold on st david 's day last year .
8 ) jaana n. small tropical wading bird with disproportionally straight claws jabiru n. large stork , the tallest flying bird in the americas , the name meaning swollen neck jacaranda n. kind of tropical american hardwood tree with scented wood and blue flowers jezail n. long afghan musket jonquil n. species of narcissus , daffodil with rush - like leaves , pale yellow jabot n. ornamental frill on woman 's bodice jemadar n. junior native officer of indian army ; head servant ; sweeper jannock adj .
the sun and the moon were abroad , neither setting , and the winds howled and the rain poured while the heat of a long afternoon coaxed the heads of shy daffodils to blush and grow .
the tulips were already gone and the daffodils , but the marigolds were coming in , the day lilies continued strong , and mary fed and watered the roses so they would hold their heads up for the return of their mistress .
it was a late spring snow and covered the tulips and daffodils that had already bloomed in the yard .
she wandered outside anyway , noticed daffodils were in bud out in back along the fence shaded by bushes .
light beating on her eyes and fracturing , moses thought her a vision among concrete and litter , some hapless forest deity here trapped by roadworks and centuries , at one with the scrawny daffodils that absorbed her attention , which kissed the joint of her wrist as she plucked them .
scherzo trepan waves and the bus pulls away slowly , as befits such a vehicle , gaining speed , rolling on its black rubber tyres , turning the bend , shadowed by lesser cars and leafy trees , the latter shitting on the world , the former busy trying to catch it up , on this road or another , any of millions , determined that that world be flat , hoping for an opportunity to overtake the lumbering omni , skirting roundabouts with islands at their core , entire continents - gratifyingly level - of daffodils in spring and council workmen with lawnmowers in summer , broken bottles in autumn and the purest snow in winter , the kind of snow where only the footprints of faeries and suchlike make any indentation .
a gust of wind rattled the window , loose in its square mooring , a bleak outward reality shaking itself in readiness for the full cloak of spring , the fragrance of daffodils , the splendour of damp foliage and the rising of ghosts .
while daffodil buds filled and more and more birds returned to the cover of the leafing bittersweet , dilly pushed her thoughts to christmas and beyond .
in the backyard , gene studied the shoots of daffodils which were mounding up and emerging from the warming soil .
gene squatted down and flicked away the tiny clods of dirt that leaned against the daffodil shoots .
lewis had no idea where or by what means he would obtain daffodils , but he had eighty - five cents in his pocket , which would be more than enough to get a snickers bar from the candy aisle of the gas station across the street from the school .
footsteps and then he calls , lizzie , lizzie and comes to find me , walking silently now over our rug , carrying in his hand a bunch of daffodils , thick sap - filled stalks with long pale yellow blunted buds , only just beginning to open , jostling and bumping against each other as he moves towards me , his forehead rippled with concern .
i do nt even like daffodils , not picked and in bunches .
while i had waited , curled on the bed , distracting myself with the patterns of a persian rug , stephen had searched for daffodils , buying flowers , buying some time perhaps to work out what to say to a wife with a blotchy face and swollen belly printed with a question mark .
he put the daffodils in a glass of water on my bedside table where they leaned out at odd angles , their stems too long .
i stared at the walls , at the rug , and the daffodils , awkwardly scattered in their glass .
so those daffodils , it was nt the daffodils that had kept him .
so those daffodils , it was nt the daffodils that had kept him .
while i had waited , the time slipping past , curled up on the bed , imagining him hurrying , his shiny black shoes down the pavement , his dark blue car nosing through traffic , stopping for those daffodils ; he had been talking to the doctor , the best on offer , boyish dr mason who scurried off at the sight of tears leaving me with his card and two nurses .
he d built up arguments in his head as he walked the pavement , climbed in the car and those daffodils , a pale yellow decoy , given as a parent might offer sweets to a child left standing too long in the playground at the end of the day .
he brought daffodils again that wilted in the heat and smelled rank .
these smell off , she said , indicating the brown - edged daffodils .
his own house was surrounded by lush grass and patches of seasonal owers which his wife tended as lovingly as she did her plates and linencrocus and daffodil in spring , roses throughout summer , chrysanthemum and marigold at this time of year .
the spring bulbs had pushed through the bare earth and all the little gardens around the farmhouse were alive with daffodils and elegant tulips , sky blue patches of scilla and white snowdrops and narcissus .
the cold ground grew soft and warm , and the crocuses and daffodils appeared , smiling with pretty faces in the gardens .
they re as yellow as newly blooming daffodil .
there was darkness in my soul that day ... on it went , the sketching of shadows on the hills , of trees and daffodils , and theo nodded in recognition - this is what i ' ve been doing all summer long !
the fountain bloomed with fresh daffodils and irises .
and they stood on the sidewalk under palm trees spouting the worst kind of poetry to all the passersby ; not wordsworth , let me tell you , no , no daffodils or clouds or wooly lambs for them .
there were monstrous buttercups , several times taller than me , and towering above everything were the long shadows of daffodils extending in the morning sun .
the poet evokes images of great profundity in daffodils , roses , fish and wedding parties .
look at those daffodils over there .
bluebells and daffodils gathered in huge bunches where there was enough sun for them to flourish .
he gestured towards a chair on which sat a bowl of chrysanthemums and daffodils .
it was probably intended to be a portrait of the flowers that had earlier been on the chair , but except for a splash of yellow that might have represented the daffodils there was little in the viscous broad strokes and amorphous puddles of paint which at all resembled flowers or vases .
the field beyond was once used for growing daffodils , but was now uncultivated , alive with bracken , bushes and trees , ideal for disappearing into .
mclean bought two yellow daffodils from a ruddy , white - haired man in his seventies .
she enjoyed the morning air and spring flowers - daffodils , pansies and geraniums - decorating the front yards in the neighborhood .
mercifully , the images and feelings faded and i left teresa to her memories , detaching from them to watch the pin - wheeled pieces collect themselves like a cloud to float down to the ground where they dissolved around ... ... a young girl playing alone on soft grass in warm sun , counting blades , watching bugs , picking daffodils , doing nothing but being alone on the soft grass and counting and watching and being .
then hands lifting , squirming against them , the warm sun fading to cold night and the soft grass hardening to black asphalt and the young girl being held down to the hardness as her face aged with each thrust and she screamed and cried and crushed daffodils in her clenched fists .
its filled with daffodils .
the heads of the daffodils brushed my fingers .
isaac stood at the door , a smile on his face , and a small bouquet of daffodils in his hand .
iris placed dusky pink tulips and sunshine yellow daffodils in water - filled metal vases shelved in front of the shop window .
i do nt know , but somethings not right , said gia wrapping her hands around the bone china mug with a painted daffodil head .
holly spooned sugar into her matching daffodil mug .
she wore a skirt the color of daffodils and a dark blue cardigan over a white blouse .
we would live in sutton for a year or two and get married at the camp , with daffodils and daisies .
i noticed the young green shoots of daffodils and tulips had grown noticeably taller in the past couple of days .
in the planter areas of the median , the daffodil sprouts were already four inches tall .
outside , i noticed there were daffodils already blooming in the back yard .
i cut a large bunch of daffodils , enjoying their heady fragrance , then decided i was ready for a lunch break .
i had picked up the daffodils and was reaching into the cupboard for a vase .
` ` iris , marigold , daisy , petunia , roseshe 's the oldestlily and daffodil .
my sister daffodil has had nothing but misery from her given name since the day she was born , '' pansy said .
crocuses and daffodils were long gone ; late tulips were fading and being replaced by irises and peonies .
paperclipped to the left side was a photograph of a muscular man slumped over a couch that was covered in blood and printed daffodils .
perfect for flowers , archie thought , noticing the number of bouquets spread about the room : bunches of roses , golden pillars of daffodils , forests of white irises .
it was lovely : daffodils , baby 's breath , irises , roses .
winter thawed , and spring splattered the countryside with tulips and daffodils .
did you want daffodils or something ? ''
caitlin stopped pulling out the weeds growing in between the daffodils .
and do nt break any of those daffodils with that football of yours , my lad or granddad will be after you .
peter answered with , ` ` no i think they have the daffodil . ''
peter was insistent that they did not have a leek and that it was a daffodil .
matthew finally added , ` ` okay it 's a daffodil , but during the interval they usually have a leek '' .
he said that her phenomenal indian complexion was just like the wheat flour grinded along with the yellow daffodils , her green eyes and protruding lips could never be found so bewitching in any other girls .
the vivid yellow skirt twirled about her legs like a breeze through daffodils as she offered a hand to jessica .
he set his bar - table with a linen tablecloth , his best two plates ( the only ones that were nt chipped ) , his utilitarian stainless silverware shined as best he could , two wine glasses , a single candle in a small glass holder , and a daffodil he d picked from the edge of the parking lot in a juice - glass vase .
becca turned on the overhead light , blew out the candle and set it and the daffodil on the kitchen counter , then carefully folded the tablecloth .
in winter , flowers would be replaced by sprigs of ivy or holly , and her sitting here , waiting through that season until daffodils , the first heralds of spring , appeared .
daffodils , tulips and magnolia lined driveways , cherry blossoms and early azalea blooms made debuts in front yards .
i m not some dainty daffodil .
the house was newly painted to robins - egg blue , the trim a daffodil yellow , except for the screen door that hung at an odd angle , its off - white paint peeling around the edges .
or maybe it was the glimpse i d just been shown of what life was really like inside the house with the daffodil shingles and the statue of the virgin mary stuffed in the flowerbed .
the walls had recently been papered with vertical stripes of pastel pink , sea foam green and daffodil yellow .
by the time we returned daffyso named because of her daffodil yellow paint jobto the rental place i was sad to see her go .
her teeth were now sitting in mammas vase of white daffodils , smiling at me .
her teeth were back in the daffodils , giving the tabletop centerpiece an amused appearance , as though it were laughing at the stone family .
she snatched another daffodil from the centerpiece and stuck it behind her other ear .
there was a beautifully framed photo of neve on the mantelpiece with a vase of glowing yellow daffodils beside it .
there was also a pot of colourful yellow daffodils that i had brought into him .
i could take the daffodils home with me after the flowers were spent , and plant them in the ground , which is why he said , i bought them !
the daffodils were out in all the parks and gardens and everything seemed alive and sparkling .
the dogwoods and azaleas were starting to look limp and tired , but along the sides of buildings and at the base of trees , tulips and daffodils were beginning to open , their colors even more vivid .
surprised with a bouquet of daffodils and an out - of - town dinner reservation , she 'd been thrilled , just as he 'd expected .
allowing her gaze to roam , isabella noticed that there were large vases filled with daffodils and hyacinths strategically placed throughout the room .
she loved daffodils , for they were such happy flowers - a true testament to spring .
it was a quaint little place , with daffodils and hyacinths filling up the flowerbeds .
miss smith had spoken fondly of daffodils - they were her favorite flowers .
donning a plain white cotton gown , isabella picked a bouquet of daffodils in the garden , then announced to her mother that she would be taking them over to her aunt .
she 'd arrived home after delivering the daffodils to her aunt and had immediately removed herself to her room , too angry to enjoy the company of even her own family .
nor did he think overly much about the shopkeeper 's unwillingness to help him purchase the dark blue gloves isabella had fawned over when mr . roberts had insisted upon the green , or the florist 's sour expression as he picked out a large bouquet of daffodils .
next to the terrace doors , partially concealed by a pillar and an oversized arrangement of daffodils , stood a woman unlike any other he 'd ever seen before .
` ` you do that , my lady , and i 'll go and cut some of those daffodils i promised you . ''
` ` let 's pick some daffodils , '' rebecca said .
` ` i hope you took my meaning seriously before , lady rebecca , '' grover said as he bent down to pluck a daffodil from the flowerbed , his forearm brushing against the side of rebecca 's breast as he did so .
rising , she then offered him a large bouquet of daffodils .
she asked when they arrived back inside and a maid relieved grover of the daffodils he carried .
the garden that met his gaze was modest but well kept , with a flagstone terrace and a patch of grass surrounded by flowerbeds brimming with daffodils and hyacinths .
after the concert on saturday , they 'd purchased white tulips and yellow daffodils from susannah 's garden , the flower shop next to the bookstore .
the outdoor lighting revealed a sweeping , verdant lawn and , closer to the house itself , an arrangement of flower beds filled with tulips of all colors , daffodils and delicate narcissus .
she brought a small bouquet of yellow daffodils and gave olivia a perfunctory kiss on the cheek as she walked into the house .
the street was lined with elm trees already in leaf and there were tulips and daffodils in front of almost every house .
his mother had always been singing , music filling the corners of the manor house , singing while she walked beside the waters in the mawddach estuary , or among the daffodils in the gardens .
daffodils , crocuses , hyacinths , lilies .
she 'd always tried to picture her mama in the garden , maybe thinning the daffodils or trimming the roses , but all she 'd ever seen of her mother were black - and - white photographs , and even those had been scarce .
-willa cather prologue 1982 the way she saw it , some families were like well - tended parks , with pretty daffodil borders and big , sprawling trees that offered respite from the summer sun .
` ` no , silly , a jonquil is another name for a daffodil .
clumps of daffodils sprouted in the side yard , shooting up through the pine needle ground cover .
she had never realized that there were daffodils in the side yard .
savannah had only visited aunt miriam in the summertime , well past daffodil time .
a lady 's maid had no business to be there , but the flower beds were nearby , and she had a bouquet of daffodils in one hand .
the day was bright , though cold , and the gardens had begun to bloom with snowdrops , tulips , and daffodils , blowing in the wind .
the daffodils reminded him of betty , but he was too much at peace with himself just now to be bothered .
why , at my dad 's house , the daffodils are busting out all over .
sunlight , as pale and watery as old chicken broth , painted the tips of the lush green grass and illuminated the daffodil - yellow paint on the clapboard siding .
dainty crocuses , hyacinths , and daffodils bloomed in beds , along walkways , and in pockets of sunlight in the damp , needle - strewn forest floor .
diamond - drops quivered on the tips of the yellow daffodils and tulips that lined the walkway and grew in clumps in the window boxes .
he was slightly jaundiced , though , with a faint gold cast to his skin that gave his round cheeks a delicate glow , like the petals of a daffodil .
it was still winter in the mountains , and we had encountered snow as far south as greensboro on our journey toward river run , though daffodils and crocuses poked bravely through it .
` ` pete , you 're a daffodil .
the walls were covered in nature pictures , things like butterflies and daffodils .
every year , nana and i plant a few thousand tulips , daffodils , and lilies , and they start blooming right after the azaleas and dogwoods .
tulips and daffodils , peonies and violets , would explode in colors so bright they almost made katie 's eyesache .
the daffodils were blooming and the- ` ` hello , james . ''