` ` i ' m taking you for a ride on daisy . ''
` ` daisy ? ''
` ` you have a horse named daisy ? ''
` ` and no , this large animal does not in any way resemble any daisy i ' ve ever seen .
so why did you name her daisy ?
her mother held pamela , dressed in a soft yellow daisy dress for the occasion , in the front row of the chance creek reformed church .
he asked , his hand moving to touch the little yellow daisies on her neckline .
she looked like a delicate little daisy .
she was like an exotic flower in a garden of daisies .
when stone saw the romantic setting , the meal laid out , the tiny vase with bright orange daisies in the middle of the table and the stout red candle beside it , he whistled .
ridge looked up to see lani looking fresh as a daisy in khaki trousers and white t - shirt , waving to him and smiling .
of course , he 'd never seen her in a pair of daisy duke cutoffs and a hot pink tank top before , either .
this is patches , and this one is daisy .
patches was chestnut while daisy was white .
` ` this one is patches , and this is daisy .
daniel approached daisy and softly patted the side of her neck .
katherine approached the horse , and after several minutes with both patches and daisy , she found herself smiling and laughing .
someone is coming at eight to pick up patches and daisy .
she was so excited to see patches and daisy that she smiled for the entire drive .
inside was a cd case with a picture of her standing in between daisy and patches .
chapter 6 zarah wiped the sheen of sweat from her forehead and trudged on , stepping over the long grass and avoiding any of the daisies that popped up throughout the field .
on one side , there was a field of daisies smiling into the sunshine and on the other , a dock that was ideal for swimming .
` ` but it 's your favorite : chicken salad and crackers with a slice of daisy 's famous german chocolate cake .
he was n't sure if she wanted light and fluffy , dense and rich , or whatever the hell else the bakery shop owner , daisy barnes , had in her store .
lily , daisy , iris ... petunia .
clearing his throat , he said , ` ` i did n't know what you liked , so i got every kind daisy barnes had . ''
couples she helped ` ` push '' together brought her homemade casseroles , baby furniture and clothes for ivy ; they brought her thank you cards and cheesecake ( once word got around from daisy ) .
she had always liked daisy and had admired her for keeping her business open through a struggling economy .
` ` i 'll keep an eye out for you , '' rose said as daisy moved behind the counter and called out her thanks .
after wishing daisy a merry christmas , rose bundled ivy up and headed outside .
he watched as his daughter toddled around daisy 's display of cheesecake slices .
he walked over to daisy and threw out his arms , waving his hands at the display .
pink and brown dots surrounded the curly letters , underneath was a name , daisy barnes , and a phone number .
hopefully , daisy barnes would take this woman 's place and spare him any more embarrassment .
` ` you 're daisy barnes ? ''
come back to holland springs , find daisy barnes again , and convince her to fly anywhere with him .
he gave daisy a stiff nod , ignoring the most treacherous part of him that now beat out her name , and walked out of her shop .
not quite convinced rose was completely safe , daisy stayed open later than usual to keep an eye on things .
at four - thirty rose holland , along with her daughter , walked inside daisy 's store and pop rocks began to zing around daisy 's stomach .
at four - thirty rose holland , along with her daughter , walked inside daisy 's store and pop rocks began to zing around daisy 's stomach .
rose asked for her usual while daisy contemplated the best way to tell her sebastian was looking for her .
` ` do n't be stupid , daisy .
rose stood at the corner , her back to daisy , while sebastian stood facing her , as the two of them talked .
suddenly , for some reason daisy could n't explain , she wished it was her in his arms .
actually , he wanted to see daisy again .
he straightened , watching daisy as she handed an older gentleman a white box tied up with a green and silver bow .
dipping his head , he closed his eyes and- ` ` that 's non - negotiable , '' daisy squeaked , sidestepping him , completely unable to stop looking at his gorgeous face .
` ` all done , daisy , '' he called out .
` ` shall i call you daisy instead of ms . barnes ?
it was then daisy realized that she had embarrassed him .
` ` i prefer bastian , daisy . ''
` ` daisy . ''
` ` oooh , who are you thinking about , daisy ? ''
searching for a way out of revealing all , daisy grinned as a familiar face caught her attention .
so , you 're in the clear , '' daisy pointed out .
so ... '' the waitress dropped off their drinks , and daisy picked up her bottle of beer , tipping it in haven 's direction .
she took it , kissing daisy on the cheek before she stood .
` ` i missed you , daisy .
* * * the smell of bacon frying woke daisy .
so that left daisy firmly in the middle and firmly on the boring side .
all lies , he 'd told daisy .
maybe alexander could give him a little insider knowledge about daisy , without sebastian ever having to admit who he needed insider information about .
you met the beauteous daisy , and yes , i noticed - i am a man - and it was like lightning struck the poor sod otherwise known as sebastian romanov .
the earth moved and yet , your daisy felt nothing .
i want to know more about daisy barnes . ''
` ` i ' m in love with daisy barnes . ''
` ` you 're sure daisy barnes is n't a metaphor for money or her business that you want to buy and turn into some kind of cupcake empire ? ''
` ` then i ' m truly sorry to say your daisy belongs to another . ''
according to rose , glen moved in with daisy a couple weeks ago . ''
` ` best thing about daisy barnes is her friendly nature .
the last thing sebastian wanted to hear about was cheesecakes and alexander 's email exchanges with daisy - his vision sharpened , and he fixed his gaze on his cousin .
jules : daisy ?
jules : daisy ... ?
and daisy ... daisy : yes ?
and daisy ... daisy : yes ?
cici 's claws tapped on the floor as she ran up to daisy , wagging her little stump of a tail and banishing daisy 's less than charitable thoughts of her now on - again boyfriend .
cici 's claws tapped on the floor as she ran up to daisy , wagging her little stump of a tail and banishing daisy 's less than charitable thoughts of her now on - again boyfriend .
laughing , daisy fell on her butt , wet sloppy kisses covering her face .
she went happily and daisy wished she could join her .
a fact that had thrilled daisy to no end .
` ` not cici , '' daisy cried , trying to grab the leash , but glen simply blocked her body with his and her hands fell helplessly to her sides .
because glen would more than likely grow tired of caring for cici , like he had before , and he 'd call daisy to come get her , the rational part of her brain reminded her .
all daisy would have to do is be patient .
` ` i can be patient and strong , '' daisy whispered .
perhaps he had n't tried as hard as he could have , with daisy constantly on his mind and in his computer and phone , but he 'd tried to be a good boyfriend to kate , only being one required time he did n't have .
romanov industries came first - as did daisy .
* * * two weeks later daisy : did you get the cupcakes i sent ?
daisy : this morning i put salt instead of sugar in my blueberry pie .
five months later daisy : someone bought my house , for more than i hoped to get .
jules : good - bye , daisy .
only he could n't , because he loved daisy .
on the bright side , they 'd signed a lease in time for the renovations to include a state - of - the - art workspace for daisy .
a little laugh escaped daisy .
rising to her feet , daisy walked around her desk and gave isabella a hug .
the unmistakable sound of a hammer being wielded made daisy and her best friend wince .
she reached for another one , but daisy smacked her hand .
having that honor taken away was the last thing that concerned daisy .
laughing , isabella raced around the island and gave daisy a tight hug , then released her .
thinking about what the wedding planner had shared with her , daisy nodded .
isabella tilted her head to one side , studying daisy until she flushed .
well , this week daisy was , because she did n't have any clients scheduled .
although , i would n't have minded having zoe as my sister - in - law , but her mom ... '' ` ` aunt leah 's not all bad , '' daisy protested weakly , but she knew the truth .
something daisy had a hard time stomaching .
however , aunt leah had been daisy 's mother 's best friend growing up and had married daisy 's uncle .
however , aunt leah had been daisy 's mother 's best friend growing up and had married daisy 's uncle .
furrowing her brows , daisy filled up a glass pitcher with ice and water , and then set it on the island .
after isabella left , daisy moved to her desk again and sat down .
; ) daisy : fine , then in order for me to continue talking to you , you have to order one billion of them .
jules : daisy .
daisy : you 're sweet , and yes , i 'd rather wait .
but seriously , daisy , is there anything that can be done ?
again , during his brief stay in new york city while he drank alone and stared out at the skyline , wishing he had daisy with him , sharing the view .
` ` i ' m not firing daisy barnes , '' his sister - in - law said .
` ` actually , it 's daisy the caterer . ''
sebastian 's memories of his only two face - to - face meetings with daisy washed over him , drowning him in her taste and scent .
maybe he could help out daisy with her insurance bills and she could help him out in return by posing as his fiancee while he worked out how best to tell her who he was .
that 's because daisy had pride and determination .
chapter eight nothing could have prepared daisy for the sight of him walking into her office .
there was no other explanation for why he 'd stood for so long in the entrance of daisy 's apartment , simply drinking her in and saying nothing at all .
` ` my name is daisy , '' she said , firmly .
taking another drink of water , he looked straight into daisy 's eyes .
this is mutually beneficial , lo - er daisy .
` ` time 's a - wasting , '' he said .. ` ` go sodder yourself , your royal pain in my buttliness , '' daisy snapped .
` ` and daisy , '' he asked , pausing at the door .
sebastian did n't know daisy , not like jules did .
` ` are congratulations in order for you and daisy ? ''
he 'd already purchased it , before he 'd left england , with daisy in mind .
` ` god help daisy barnes , and god help you if you hurt her . ''
` ` how exactly are you related to daisy barnes ?
by morning , the london papers would have him and daisy linked together .
shouting his love and adoration for daisy would be a dead giveaway of the farce , mostly due to the fact that he did not shout his love and adoration for anything .
quickly , he made a mental list of all the events daisy could attend as his fiancee .
daisy : funny thing ... so , you know that picture you sent me of your celebrity look - alike ?
however , once he got back from new york , nothing would stop him from charming the hell out of daisy barnes .
chapter ten daisy sat outside on a wrought iron and wood bench , eating her lunch .
a little dog with beady eyes stuck his head out of nina 's purse and daisy stifled a scream .
jelly belly growled at daisy .
cici loved that woman more than daisy and glen combined , and she was by herself .
` ` now glen , i thought you said daisy was fine with us giving cici to your momma , '' nina said and daisy blinked , tears thankfully staying at bay .
` ` now glen , i thought you said daisy was fine with us giving cici to your momma , '' nina said and daisy blinked , tears thankfully staying at bay .
` ` glen says lots of things , '' daisy said before glen could lie to the poor woman even more .
` ` now daisy , that 's hardly productive .
glen and nina looked at each other and grinned , then back at daisy .
well , not punched her , but the woman came pretty darn close as she wiggled her fingers at daisy .
not that daisy could blame the woman .
` ` everyone around here knows daisy needs the money to pay the insurance company .
he turned his attention to daisy .
` ` one more kiss , daisy . ''
she tasted exactly how he 'd dreamed she would , and yet no dream could ever do justice to the taste of daisy .
` ` get to know me , daisy . ''
and he wanted daisy .
` ` say yes , daisy . ''
he was barely in his car before daisy texted him .
something he had n't shared with daisy .
except when it came to daisy .
` ` i really need an answer , daisy .
and sometimes , when two people fall in love after all those dates , they lead to other things like ... '' daisy paused , unable to get out the word engagement .
` ` i , we ... he- '' ` ` that 's the best news ever , '' isabella squealed , making daisy drop the poor roll she 'd been tearing apart .
i don't- '' isabella waved a hand in the air , effectively cutting daisy off .
all of that and more had occurred to daisy , but jules was jules .
and now ... '' ` ` now i do n't need him because there 's a real live man who 's interested in me , '' daisy mumbled .
isabelle beamed , giving daisy 's hand a little squeeze before she let go .
` ` as am i , '' sebastian said as he slipped in the booth to sit beside daisy .
` ` lucky you , '' isabella said with a wry smile , and then she turned to daisy .
frowning at the two of them as they shared stories about her , daisy pulled her hand from his grasp .
jealousy , that evil bitch , tried to nudge daisy into throwing the bread basket at her best friend .
isabella sighed dreamily while daisy forced herself not to puke up what she had eaten .
a little feeling of disloyalty snaked through daisy .
they clinked their glasses together and daisy fought the urge to spill her guts .
flashing a genuine smile , daisy texted sebastian as she waited for isabella to put on a coat .
-s only one ~d figures -s the cold march afternoon air went straight thru the gap in daisy 's coat .
after waving good - bye , daisy set off in the direction of the library .
yes ~d see you soon -s the new head librarian rushed to her , and daisy smiled .
sorry , i have n't had a chance to introduce myse- '' the woman shoved a stack of pamphlets into daisy 's hands and dragged her by the arm to the entrance .
` ` daisy , '' the librarian hissed .
pulling out his phone , sebastian texted daisy his offer and winked when he was done .
rising to his feet , he collected a stunned daisy and headed out the door .
examining his motives or even explaining them to anyone was unthinkable , but this was daisy .
` ` have a good night , daisy . ''
chapter fourteen lifting the collar of his coat , daisy buried her nose in the fabric .
she sniffed and looked up at the ceiling , then back at daisy .
the door opened and daisy turned her head .
growing up , daisy had a huge crush on him , but he 'd only had eyes for summer holland .
isabella dashed a hand over her eyes , glancing up at her brother and then at daisy .
isabella grabbed her hand , squeezing it so hard that daisy almost gasped in pain .
` ` i love you , daisy starr barnes .
` ` thanks for all of your help , daisy , '' the new librarian called out as she hefted the first bag .
my dearest daisy , it has come to my attention that you have become acquainted with my beloved son .
the woman wanted information , that daisy knew for sure .
however , the part about her beloved son ... yeah , a little over the top , and daisy was n't responding to some poser looking for dirt , not that she had any .
breaking up with daisy had put him in said foul mood .
he could n't stop thinking about daisy .
and the thing he would do tomorrow - make daisy his fiancee so that they could get to know one another in the real world by putting that damned ring on her finger .
` ` your conversations with daisy must be scintillating , poor girl .
no , his conversations with daisy were anything but business .
maybe if he willed daisy to walk through she would .
then he got in his car , and made himself listen to every last one of daisy 's voicemails to jules .
or it had , until he 'd met daisy .
just as he raised a hand to knock , the door was jerked open and there stood daisy , eyes puffy and mouth thin .
zoe stood there , her gaze going from daisy to sebastian and then back to daisy .
zoe stood there , her gaze going from daisy to sebastian and then back to daisy .
the table was set for four , and daisy breathed out a silent sigh of relief .
` ` well , i ' m sure the two of you will understand , more than anyone , '' daisy began .
zoe shook her head , giving daisy a sympathetic smile .
zoe gave him a secret smile that made daisy jealous .
christian finished the rest of the bottle and zoe shot daisy an apologetic smile .
just as daisy was about to answer , she happened to glance down at sebastian 's free hand .
` ` why do n't you go ahead and take daisy home ? ''
his gazed dipped to zoe 's stomach and daisy barely suppressed a gasp .
` ` i know what you think you need , daisy , but you 'd regret it in the morning , and the last thing i ever want to see in your eyes is regret . ''
` ` do n't ever beg me , daisy , '' he growled .
he was making love to daisy .
chapter sixteen sensing the need to change the subject , daisy held up her hand and examined the ring sebastian had given her .
` ` daisy , '' he began .
or- '' ` ` christ , daisy .
he would have to find something for daisy to do while he closed this deal .
` ` thought she could spend time with daisy , maybe give her a tour of all the tourist traps . ''
` ` my mother has been emailing daisy , which made my fiancee uncomfortable . ''
he would n't violate daisy privacy or ignore her wishes .
` ` when do i get to meet this daisy of yours ? ''
his daisy .
ten minutes had passed before he remembered he needed to inform daisy of his plans .
chapter seventeen daisy stared at sebastian 's latest text .
` ` thanks anyway , '' daisy said as the maid left the room .
sighing , daisy padded to one of several windows overlooking a green square with several huge trees , heavy with green leaves .
he needed to sleep and check on daisy .
kate 's dress was gorgeous and ... daisy peered more closely at her .
daisy and kate made their way down high street , window shopping , until kate found the perfect shop and pulled daisy inside .
` ` champagne , please , '' kate called out to the sales clerk , and then she turned to daisy ` ` let me see your ring . ''
belatedly remembering the black american express card sebastian had left for her , daisy smashed her lips together .
she grabbed a dress off the rack and held it up to daisy .
` ` but you said- '' ` ` you asked how we met , not when we started dating , '' daisy pointed out .
his gaze swept the area before settling on daisy .
` ` i ' m sorry , daisy .
in the not - so - distant future , daisy and sebastian would no longer be engaged .
leaning in , kate bussed daisy cheek .
a wave of dread washed over daisy .
* * * sebastian 's other phone buzzed and he picked it up , reading the text daisy had sent to jules .
tonight he would wine and dine daisy , introduce her to his best mate , his friends , and g.r .
` ` you 're already a fantastic cook , daisy . ''
he gazed at her , taking in her smile , her beautiful face , her sexy body , and every inch of perfection that was daisy barnes .
slicing his gaze to her , he found daisy opening and closing the purse in her hands .
however , daisy was n't anything like he expected - she remained by his side , quiet and thoughtful .
` ` there you are , daisy , '' kate said , sailing through the leather and gold studded door , all smiles , as if she had n't been flirting with sebastian .
daisy glanced at kate , at her perfectly coiffed hair and perfectly tailored outfit that looked nothing like the one she 'd picked out for daisy .
kate was all high street fashion while daisy was evening strip - mall formalwear .
` ` we grew up together , our fathers were business associates and ... daisy , i think you might get the wrong impression if i tell you the rest . ''
mostly because daisy would feel like a fraud the entire time .
frozen to the spot , daisy stared at the woman .
` ` not daisy .
practically leaping to his feet , sebastian strode off in the direction daisy had gone .
there was his daisy .
` ` daisy , i- '' she let out a squeal , clutching the dress she had worn to her chest , but that did n't obstruct his view of her bare bum or thighs or the dangerous curves of her waist .
` ` naughty daisy . ''
` ` shut it , daisy . ''
* * * sebastian ran a critical eye over daisy as they waited for his driver .
` ` a coat 's a coat , daisy . ''
and now he had daisy to protect , for the rest of her life .
` ` daisy , there 's no rush . ''
` ` do n't cry , daisy . ''
chapter twenty after her last sightseeing tour stop fail , daisy had insisted sebastian to take her to a local pub .
` ` really , daisy , i do n't understand why the name is so amusing . ''
* * * daisy was late .
` ` i think i could live in your kitchen forever , '' daisy said as he sat down beside her on a large sofa big enough for two grown men to stretch out on together .
apparently , the two of them were playing house and a close friend of sebastian 's told the internet magazine - in complete anonymity , of course - that daisy was set on having the new heir of spenserfield .
the heart - shaped knocker something he 'd thought daisy would fanc - he jumped to his feet .
he yanked open the door and there daisy stood , a sort of blank look on her face .
had n't he done the very same thing to daisy ?
` ` and i would do it again , daisy . ''
` ` conquered , '' daisy choked out .
the world closed in around daisy , shrinking and compressing her into a tight knot of raw nerves .
do n't run , daisy , '' he said , his voice practically in her ear .
curious , daisy bought a ticket and did the same .
reluctantly , daisy followed instructions , keeping with the group even as she spotted the door marked private .
eyes popping open , daisy turned to find a well - dressed woman sitting beside her .
she did n't look insane , but daisy could n't be too sure .
the fine hairs on daisy 's nape stood up .
` ` daisy must love being here with only you for company , '' his brother said , his blue eyes missing nothing .
` ` if i were n't in love with my wife , i 'd marry daisy .
` ` did daisy make you take her on a tour of london , or did you volunteer ? ''
` ` i have plans with daisy tonight . ''
pulling out his phone , he texted daisy one last time .
he found daisy , sitting at the boat launch with her feet in the water .
chapter twenty - two small fish nibbled at her feet , tickling her , but daisy did n't have the strength to smile or laugh .
anger and desire had merged together , taking over his body and- ` ` i love you , bastian , '' daisy whispered .
` ` but i meant every word of every email , every text , every chat ... those were me , daisy . ''
none of that seemed to bother daisy .
` ` will you marry me , daisy ? ''
kate waved a cream - colored piece of paper at daisy , before slipping it into her purse .
kate 's jade eyes were assessing as she raked daisy with a snooty gaze .
kate gazed out into the ballroom , and daisy followed her line of vision .
then she rose , in a cloud of sweet - smelling perfume and designer silk , and left before sebastian arrived at daisy 's side with her water .
once the car door closed behind them , daisy launched herself at sebastian , kissing him hungrily .
* * * four days later , after dining on an amazing lunch prepared by daisy , sebastian took her by the hand and led her away from the kitchen .
she held out the hat to daisy .
` ` take this and put- '' sebastian stepped in front of daisy , obscuring her view of his mother .
` ` francesca asked and daisy skidded to a stop just at the entrance to the room .
taking a deep breath , daisy marched into the room .
` ` leave , '' daisy ordered , going toe to toe with the woman .
` ` lady , there 's a cast iron skillet in the kitchen , and i know how to use it , '' daisy bluffed .
he needed to get daisy as far away from him as possible , before he really hurt her .
yet another reason why he should support daisy financially and leave her and their child the hell alone .
he managed to keep himself in check while the maid helped daisy pack her things by organizing his art supplies .
` ` dammit , daisy .
pulling out of her , he rolled daisy to her back and slowly pushed inside of her .
` ` daisy , are you okay ? ''
then a third before he finally could see straight and actually walk out the house and out of daisy 's life for good .
the fork daisy had been holding clattered to the tray .
` ` please , call me daisy . ''
ivan stopped near the front entrance and daisy got out .
chapter twenty - eight daisy had been home all of six days when her lawyer had contacted her about a serious buyer for her business .
` ` we 're pitiful right now , '' daisy replied .
it had been two weeks since he 'd seen daisy , since he 'd talked to her , since he 'd texted her .
he 'd done what was best for daisy , for the baby too .
` ` the first part - do you love daisy barnes ? ''
` ` yes , i love daisy , '' he admitted .
i thought daisy deserved better than some bloke who could n't put her before everything else in his life .
` ` now , about daisy .
i ' ve best man duties , but i ' m not sure if daisy can forgive me . ''
as for daisy , that was an even longer shot at success .
and his everything in life was daisy and their unborn baby .
chapter twenty - nine ` ` you ' ve outdone yourself , daisy , '' her aunt leah exclaimed , floating by her with a dreamy smile .
vacationing in the islands had been good for her , though daisy knew her best friend was n't over what her ex had done to her .
tawny eyes narrowed and she handed daisy a glass of water , crossing her arms and tapping her foot until daisy had no choice but to drink it .
tawny eyes narrowed and she handed daisy a glass of water , crossing her arms and tapping her foot until daisy had no choice but to drink it .
` ` doubtful , '' isabella replied , but daisy noticed her gaze did n't stray from liam 's retreating form .
` ` he 's not my anything , and i ' m not looking for- '' haven 's silver eyes narrowed , effectively cutting daisy off .
haven turned her attention to daisy .
though she and haven had n't always been the closest of friends , like daisy was with isabella , she valued and loved her to pieces .
but normally , daisy was n't emotionally and physically drained .
` ` hullo , daisy , '' a deep , sexy voice she recognized said , and she spun around , only to find her earl standing there .
` ` i miss you , daisy . ''
` ` forgive me , daisy . ''
` ` marry me , daisy . ''
epilogue a baby 's cry woke daisy out of a dead sleep .
not as good as daisy 's place , but she 's off with her earl , living it up in england or china ...
do n't suppose you ever dated daisy barnes ? ''
though she really was n't breaking any best friend rules , or going after a man daisy had dated .
she sighed , and then looked around for daisy .
striding to her , she intercepted daisy at the back door to the house .
instead , she handed daisy her glass of ice water , then crossed her arms and tapped her foot .
this time , daisy glared at her , but bella knew it was in a loving way , and drank every last bit down .
` ` there , '' daisy said .
her ex - fiance was almost as bad as daisy 's , having run off with his own stepmother to vegas .
` ` i ' m pregnant , not dying , '' daisy pointed out .
nice , daisy , she wanted to snap .
really , no matter what had happened to her in the past , she could n't stand seeing daisy hurt .
and if the best included stabbing the dumbtail earl who 'd gotten daisy pregnant , then she 'd be all over that .
suddenly , daisy grinned .
daisy practically ran inside , and bella broke off eye contact with liam long enough to see what would make daisy leave in such a hurry .
with that , he strode away , and bella watched him go , wondering if she should have demanded he make up with daisy right this minute .
the bastard 's in love , bless him , and your daisy does n't stand a chance now that his head is screwed on straight , '' liam said .
` ` i ca n't ... '' she searched the backyard , looking for her parents , for heath , for daisy ... for anyone who knew her .
there was no one else she could talk to , not daisy or her other best friend , haven .
` ` should n't you be hovering about daisy ? ''
liam snorted as daisy appeared in the doorway and held up one finger to her lips .
i intend to keep daisy that way . ''
oh , it was real all right , and he suspected daisy did know .
and liam knew daisy was of upmost importance to sebastian .
maybe even better than daisy , '' bella said around a mouthful of grilled vegetables .
maybe even daisy or haven , but she had n't told either of them her plans .
and had n't daisy told her the truth right away ?
what kind of friend was she not to reciprocate and trust daisy not to judge her ?
the only thing saving her from crap status was that daisy and sebastian had made up , gotten married in the most beautiful ceremony ever , and were even more in love .
i was n't sure what you 'd say and i was n't sure if i could visit daisy , '' she said , taking a paper napkin and unfolding it .
heck , she 'd settle for daisy , though she would n't be settling at all .
pulling out her phone , she debated on calling her parents , daisy , haven , and even gabriel .
i had you on speaker , '' daisy said by way of explanation .
then daisy wrapped her arms around her , and bella forgot to be anything but grateful her friend was here .
` ` gosh , daisy , you are huge .
bella started to get out of her chair , but daisy waved her off .
with a twist of her lips , daisy settled back down .
they sat in companionable silence for a while , and at one point , daisy dozed off .
she knew if she told daisy that she needed to move right this minute , then she would have a room for her all ready to go at her house .
` ` he 's probably asleep , '' daisy said as ivan came inside .
with a tearful , but happy good - bye , bella watched as daisy got inside the limo .
do you think daisy would marry a man who complained about himself before , during , or after she gave birth to his child ? ''
bella took the baby from daisy .
he gave daisy a pointed look , and then the chair .
` ` that butthole , '' daisy practically growled , and rhys jumped a little , his little eyes fluttering .
` ` he 's beautiful , daisy . ''
she managed to get out of the chair and place rhys beside daisy , before giving her a big hug .
` ` bella , you don't- '' ` ` have to leave , '' liam finished for daisy .
sebastian had bought it for daisy , because she claimed it reminded her of shell cottage from the harry potter books .
it 's daisy 's home . ''
he gazed out the window , into the back garden , where bella and daisy were sitting .
` ` he 's gorgeous , daisy , and he 'll be a total heartbreaker when he grows up . ''
were daisy and sebastian moving ?
i ... '' daisy hugged her , without jostling her son .
i felt a flash of anger for how irresponsible they were - like gatsby and daisy , rich , reckless people destroying lives and retreating back into their wealth without a backwards glance .
there was a picture of daisies in a couple of vases on the wall directly across from her .
santa barbara daisies amid african irises and the matilija poppy added an elegance to the house 's curbside appeal .
deciding on smart casual clothes , she teamed turquoise blue slacks with a tailored white shirt sprinkled with pink and turquoise and purple daisies .
being only of average height , and wearing sensible low - heeled shoes for all the toing and froing her work demanded today , daisy stretched up on tiptoe , trying to spot the spray of royal - blue feathers that sprouted from lynda 's much - prized and hideously expensive neil grigg hat .
bad , bad , bad , daisy thought in a burst of panic , quickly elbowing her way through the millionaire melee , wondering how she was going to fix some unfixable stain .
it was highly disconcerting when he suddenly shifted his attention from lynda twiggley to shoot a quizzical look over her shoulder straight at daisy .
with the recognition that no finesse was needed on a mere employee , her steely blue eyes savaged daisy with displeasure .
' nothing , ms twiggley , ' daisy replied with as much aplomb as she could muster , given the squeamish spotlight of two sets of eyes demanding explanations .
he smiled , his perfectly sculpted mouth breaking open to show a row of perfect white teeth , making daisy instantly determined that he would n't get a bite out of her , regardless of how charming he set out to be .
if she did n't need this job and the pay packet that went with it , she would have walked out on day one when lynda had stated she could n't have a pa called daisy because she associated that name with a lowly cow .
' ethan cartwright , daisy donohue . '
' a pleasure to meet you , mr cartwright , ' daisy rattled out , wanting only to escape back into the crowd .
having worked the past three months with lynda twiggley whose pr agency organised events for a - list socialites , daisy was constantly amazed and scandalised by how much they spent on having a good time .
it also showed a lack of respect for her , which had been obvious in how this unbelievably arrogant woman had dealt with daisy .
they could n't swish their non - existent bottoms at him , as daisy had when she 'd made off into the crowd .
giving daisy no choice ?
besides , he did n't want to work with lynda twiggley any more than daisy did .
chapter two the big race gave daisy the chance to rest for a few minutes .
' i ' m very pleased for you , miss twiggley , ' daisy managed to force out .
' i wo n't go near him , ' daisy firmly promised .
ethan cartwright had tried to hang onto the diversion of daisy 's gaffe in interrupting their last encounter , insisting on being properly introduced , continuing to speak to her despite lynda 's obvious impatience for her to be gone .
the whining complaint from one of the models - very much a vip , having been chosen to star on the runway for victoria 's secret - sent daisy straight to the catering tent to investigate the delay .
it was up to daisy to prevent or fix anything bad .
satisfied she had made her point , daisy returned to the vip marquee , intending to assure the model that coffee was on its way .
the two high - flyers were both beaming with the pleasure of victory , making daisy 's stomach churn from the terrible injustice of it all .
in that brief moment of disengagement with daisy she 'd taken flight , dodging behind groups of people , apparently intent on hiding from him .
' you did want my attention , daisy donahue , ' he slung back at her in burning certainty .
it enfuriated ethan that daisy should feel it necessary to kowtow to her snaky employer .
he felt a shudder run up daisy 's arm .
chapter three daisy 's mind was reeling .
never mind that daisy was the one who would pay for it - the selfish , arrogant pig !
being subjected to such personal criticism from him was so offensive , lynda turned to him in a towering rage , probably thinking her bid to have him fix her financial affairs had been sabotaged and daisy knew she was going to be blamed for it , regardless of anything ethan cartwright said .
it's- ' lynda exploded into a tirade at daisy , cutting ethan cartwright off in mid - speech .
it was where he 'd wanted daisy donahue but not limp and unconscious .
' over here , ' mickey directed , steering him towards one as daisy stirred in his arms , her lovely full breasts swelling against the wall of his chest as she gulped in air .
as much as he wanted to hang onto daisy donahue she was going to rip into him the moment she had regained her wits .
the phrase scraped over all the jagged edges in daisy 's mind .
' are you feeling better , daisy ? '
he was acting purely on the need to keep daisy donahue in his life .
once they 'd settled on a meeting at the house at eight o'clock on monday morning of the next week , she took her leave of him , very firmly , and ethan let her go , watching the seductive swish of her bottom , content with the thought he 'd be seeing a lot more of daisy donahue in the very near future .
her parents had both been very dubious about what they saw as an impulsive and irregular offer of work daisy was n't trained for .
today she had deliberately chosen a very downmarket appearance - a loose cotton tunic printed with daisies on a blue background , blue jeans , flat sneakers on her feet making her look even smaller in stature , a blue scrunchy holding her long , brown hair back in a ponytail , and no make - up apart from pink - brown lipstick , which was next to nothing .
the door was opened within seconds and the oxygen daisy had drawn in was instantly trapped in her lungs .
he laughed , and suddenly there was a connection sizzling between them that knocked every bit of common sense out of daisy 's head .
' i think that era is well and truly gone , daisy .
this was a timeout situation - him from his normal social life , which had been soured by serena , daisy from the pressure of keeping a job she must have hated .
she was not a little brown sparrow this morning , more like a fresh flower with the daisy print tunic and her hair pulled up in a pert ponytail .
he felt newly invigorated with daisy donahue and he was in absolutely no doubt he sparked some very lively feelings in her , too .
he introduced daisy to all the tradesmen as the on - site manager , giving her the authority to make decisions or refer them to him .
you 'll be fine , daisy .
chapter five daisy watched ethan cartwright drive away with very mixed feelings .
he 'd only loved her because she 'd fitted in with his needs , and when that was n't going to happen all the time , it was ' goodbye , daisy ' .
i ' m charlie hollier and i presume you 're daisy donahue , ' he rattled out with a broad smile .
the fact that he was wearing blue jeans and a blue - and - white checked sports shirt also made daisy feel immediately relaxed with him .
he would amend the plans and give a new set to daisy so she could keep an eye on everything and stop mistakes from being made .
i 'll keep an eye on that , ' daisy promised , feeling better and better about the job .
they toured the whole site together with charlie checking on progress , daisy listening to how he wanted everything to be .
which would make daisy just another feather stuffed in his winner 's cap .
' ah , daisy ! '
' everyone is important , daisy , ' he said softly , his eyes smiling at her confusion .
' do you play tennis , daisy ? '
one way or another he was going to persuade daisy donahue to surrender to it with all the intensity of passion he 'd felt vibrating from her since the moment they 'd met .
chapter six when ethan opened the door to daisy on friday morning , he was wearing black shorts , a black sports shirt with white trim around the collar , black - and - white tennis shoes with black socks .
the athletic style of the man in these clothes instantly raised his sex appeal which was already far too high for daisy 's peace of mind .
' you ' ve been working for me for three weeks and i realise i hardly know anything about you , daisy .
he must have had a strange upbringing , daisy thought , very different from her family life .
with daisy there was no flirting to encourage his interest , and a swift backpedalling whenever she felt herself teetering on the brink of responding to him beyond her set limits .
but he felt the potential for something very different with daisy donahue and nothing was going to stop him from clinching a connection with her .
since you must be perfectly aware of that i find it distinctly offensive that you choose to turn your back on the rest of us ... ' the accusation flustered daisy into rushing out an apology .
this is play time , daisy .
the shock of his anger and the implied threat to her job had daisy scuttling for her beach bag the moment his back was turned .
one of the women slung at her curiously as daisy rose to her feet and started up the steps .
' you should go for him , daisy . '
your job here is not at risk , daisy .
he tossed these last words at her as he started strolling back to the barbecue area , leaving daisy openmouthed , struggling for a protest or an excuse to escape playing with him - being alone with him .
there was nothing for daisy to do except play tennis with ethan .
i 'll play to whatever your standard is , daisy . '
he put down a medium - paced serve which any reasonable player could return and daisy suspected he deliberately over - hit the ball to let her win the first rally .
he suddenly grinned , which was n't the reaction daisy needed to get from him .
just daisy . '
' i would n't call you just anything , daisy donahue .
he had the greater strength but daisy was a well - practised tactician and she refused to let his power dominate .
somehow beating him did n't seem important any more , although daisy still fought hard to take the set .
whether it was the energy drain of the game , being taken by surprise or the sudden wild surge of need to know him like this , resistance was simply beyond daisy at that moment .
ethan swiftly took advantage of her surrender to his seductive sensuality , changing his kiss to one of driving passion , tightening his embrace , clamping her lower body to his , and daisy was bombarded by so many exciting sensations , it was totally impossible to extract herself from them .
he tore his mouth from hers , heaved himself down to kiss her breasts with a hot urgency that drove daisy to the brink of melting with anticipation for the ultimate intimacy .
' do n't try to deny it , daisy . '
' i ' ve not had nearly enough of you , daisy .
' do n't tell me you felt no pleasure with me , daisy .
he 'd had daisy donahue precisely where he wanted her .
he very much doubted that daisy 's parents were people who would countenance the idea of him buying their daughter , not even to save themselves from serious debt , and daisy herself would n't accept money she had n't earned .
he hated choosing the bartering path with daisy but she was leaving him no other option .
but he sure as hell was going to get his pound of flesh from daisy for it !
' it 's not so late that your parents would be worrying about you , daisy , ' he drawled .
' i ca n't make him take it , daisy , but if he does and lets me act fast enough for him , there 's a very big chance his money worries will be over by the end of next month .
he paused to let that sink in before pointedly adding , ' and that 's where my reward comes in , daisy . '
the time span jagged around daisy 's mind , hitting painfully on what she had already known .
' you have n't given me your word that we have a deal , daisy . '
well , have it your way , daisy .
chapter nine for daisy there was no escaping from the fact that if ethan cartwright could deliver his side of the deal , it would make a very positive difference to her entire family .
' ethan , it 's daisy .
' i ' m glad you 'll still be around , daisy .
monday was not an easy day for daisy at hunters hill .
at first daisy was inclined to dismiss the question , leaving a reply that read , ' it 's up to you to choose . '
on the other hand , daisy suspected it was in the nature of the man - a ruthless drive to manipulate circumstances so he would get what he wanted .
the first of many , daisy realised , feeling a jolt of stark truth .
she felt good in it , and daisy needed to feel good about herself .
he was mentally fatigued by the time he finished up on friday evening - later than he 'd wanted to be with daisy waiting for him at home .
but he was going to take what it had bought him - take everything that daisy donahue could give him .
it was just on six - thirty when he turned the bmw into his driveway and it gave him a sweet sense of pleasure to see daisy 's car was parked at the front steps .
was daisy listening for him to arrive ?
he halted in surprise when he caught sight of daisy standing by the opened oven door , checking the steaming contents of a casserole dish , giving them a stir with a wooden spoon .
he resumed his approach to the back door , watching daisy through the glass , his heart jolting again when she turned around after closing the oven door again .
a few quick strides and he was sliding open the glass door , enjoying the slight shock on daisy 's face as she stopped and stared at him .
part of daisy was enraged by the indignity of being carried like a sack of grain , yet another part was excited by the rush of primitive physicality .
' frightened of losing control , daisy ? '
he kissed her with full - blooded desire , inciting daisy to respond just as hotly .
he started lifting one foot towards his mouth and daisy tore it out of his hold and jackknifed forward , reaching out , seizing handfuls of his shirt .
' you take my shirt off , daisy , ' he commanded .
ethan hauled daisy with him as he moved onto his side , keeping the intimate connection intact for as long as it would last .
having this with daisy donahue was a new benchmark in his sex life , one he could n't imagine ever being surpassed .
it was an act of will for daisy not to freeze with fear on the spot .
enormously relieved that the blast of tension had eased , daisy held out her arms to show him the long drops of the sleeves .
' dinner , morning tea ... you 're full of surprises , daisy .
as daisy made herself comfortable on a stool , she decided to consider herself lucky to have this experience with him .
' i ' ve lined up a job interview for you if you want it , daisy . '
you 're not into letting people down , are you , daisy ?
they shared the newspaper while they ate , which put daisy in a very relaxed mood , no longer worrying about what they 'd do for the rest of the weekend .
he beat her at scrabble , right at the death , scoring eighty points with a seven - letter word which daisy declared was grossly unfair since she 'd led all the way .
he did n't use those exact words , but the illusion of mutual lovers enjoying each other was jolted straight out of daisy 's mind by the reminder of the mistress deal .
this was how the very wealthy lived , daisy thought as she wandered over to the wall of glass in the living room and gazed down at the white wakes of the water traffic on the bright blue harbour .
he 'd placed a bottle of champagne and a dish of strawberries in the refrigerator on thursday night , planning ahead to this move with daisy , intending to take her to bed with him after she 'd looked through the apartment .
this weekend with daisy had been better than he could ever have imagined .
of course , he could be proved wrong , but right now he had daisy donahue locked into a relationship with him for the foreseeable future and he saw no darkness in that future with her .
and daisy was hopelessly in love with him .
which all hammered home to daisy that she was his private mistress and for anything more to develop between them was sheer pie in the sky .
' i know you 're not into gambling , daisy , but i think you 'd find it a fun day anyway .
there was nothing underhand about daisy .
as it stood , she could n't walk away from him , not without breaking her word , and daisy would n't do that .
when he walked into the apartment the next morning , any worry that daisy might be put down by anyone disappeared in a flash .
' and that 's something i really value , daisy . '
and that was n't good enough for daisy donahue .
chapter thirteen daisy and ethan arrived at rosehill gardens in a chauffeured limousine - no parking problem , no drunkdriving problem .
it was a bright sunny day and everyone seemed to be in a festive mood - the men mostly dressed in suits , the women favouring cocktail dresses , with more of them wearing fascinators than hats , which gave daisy extra assurance that her outfit had been a really good choice .
ethan , of course , was a strikingly handsome man , superbly attired in his grey pin - stripe suit , white shirt and gold and grey silk tie , but daisy felt she really matched him today , as well as she could .
' hey , daisy ! '
still grinning , he said , ' you look fabulous , daisy .
' and i suggest you take daisy 's advice and return to your party . '
which was fair enough , daisy decided .
if that happens , daisy , it 's because she did n't get what she wanted .
' not for yourself , daisy , ' he said quietly .
' that 's my girl , ' he said warmly , and the possessive note in his voice sent hope soaring through her heart again , making daisy determined to be happy , no matter what happened throughout the course of the day .
many of the young women were wearing incredibly high - heeled shoes and daisy wondered how their feet would fare by the end of the day .
' wow , daisy !
' so where are you from , daisy , and how did you and ethan meet ? '
' but we have n't seen ethan with daisy until now ! '
they did n't need any supervision from me until after daisy left . '
' as far as daisy was concerned i was just another boss .
' no dancing with daisy . '
' and good for you , daisy , keeping him on toast , ' his wife , shannon , said approvingly .
' i did n't deliberately keep him on toast , ' daisy quickly slid in .
' the next tennis party i hold , daisy and i are going to wipe everyone else off the court . '
i was still the boss and daisy has principles with a capital p. ' he sighed over her recalcitrant attitude , making everyone laugh again before he delivered the punchline .
it was a very clever spin on the real story and daisy was deeply grateful that it made their relationship so readily acceptable by his friends .
' and may i say i much prefer your current partner , ' charlie said , grinning at daisy .
' and i bet james ellicott is second prize in her book , so watch out , daisy .
' the big man demanded , eyeing daisy with interest .
serena drawled , icy blue eyes sizing daisy up as she stood to acknowledge the introductions .
' hello to both of you , ' daisy said brightly , shaking james 's offered hand .
' yes , ' daisy answered in surprise , not being so familiar with the fashion scene that she could actually recognise individual styles .
' believe me , give daisy a challenge and she rises to it every time , ' ethan declared , making them all laugh again at how challenging she had been to him .
' time for us to go , ' ethan said , taking daisy 's hand as he rose from his chair .
' mickey talked me into buying midas magic outright so we 're on our own here , daisy . '
they watched it on the huge television screen set up for the crowd and daisy found herself sharing ethan 's excitement as midas magic shot to the front at the turn and sped away from the rest of the field , winning by seven lengths as though he was in a league of his own .
he made a charming speech , giving all credit to his friend for the win , calling mickey a brilliant trainer , then smiling at daisy while saying midas magic had brought some magic into his life and he hoped it would last for a long , long time .
ethan pointedly picked her hand off his arm , saying in a cutting tone , ' ms twiggley , my partner 's name is daisy donahue , who , i might add , is well worth knowing .
he swept daisy off , leaving lynda twiggley 's mouth agape .
bubbles of joy inside daisy burst into giggles as they rode the elevator up to the restaurant .
i was right to rescue you from her , daisy . '
ethan felt intensely gratified by this admission from daisy .
chapter fourteen daisy automatically reached out and picked up the telephone receiver from the bedside table , not even wondering who was calling , her mind still floating from the pleasure of the deeply intimate connection with ethan .
the chiding tone caused daisy 's heart to skitter all around her chest .
' mum , it was business , ' daisy said emphatically .
' but that 's so impersonal , daisy , ' her mother argued .
please , god , let her stop now , daisy prayed .
such a handsome man , too , ' she added in a tone overflowing with benevolence , causing daisy to fly into a panic .
' of course it does , daisy .
if ethan also resented their claim on her ... ' it wo n't worry me , daisy , ' he said , obviously not caring about being put in a hot seat .
applying good business practice , daisy thought , but meeting a diverse group of people whose life experiences were nothing like his was much more complex than sitting down with a bunch of clients with similar interests - namely big money and what to do with it .
ethan was acutely aware of daisy 's tension over this coming visit with her family .
that close - knit unit meant more to her than anything else and ethan was beginning to sense he had to win acceptance and liking from every one of them to free daisy of her misgivings about their connection .
this definitely was not the case with daisy .
and daisy was worth fighting for .
chapter fifteen ' my brothers always wear jeans , ' daisy told ethan before he dressed on sunday morning .
' there 's no hiding who i am , daisy . '
nevertheless , it was a good , friendly neighbourhood , neat , tidy , gardens well tended , and daisy was not about to apologise for its lack of class .
they alighted from the car and daisy watched her brothers eyeing ethan over as they walked up to meet them .
to their aunt daisy and her friend .
when her father led him out of the kitchen to join the street game , her mother gave daisy a big hug , declaring him a lovely man .
be careful about giving him your heart , daisy .
masterly control , daisy thought , and was pleased he 'd applied it to make the game more fun .
' it 's spoiled the day for daisy , ' she wailed .
' no , it has n't , ' daisy insisted , going to her sister to add her comfort .
' you ' ve got a good guy there , daisy , ' ken commented approvingly .
' yes , i would n't be letting him go in a hurry , daisy , ' keith 's wife tagged on .
they all laughed , though daisy could n't help thinking they were missing the point .
the iron fist squeezing daisy 's heart eased its grip .
everyone laughed and daisy 's pent - up tension was finally expelled .
the rest of us were not in a position to help mum and dad when they needed it , and daisy took up the slack like the little champion she is .
we all think the world of you for contributing all you did , daisy , and if there 's anything we can ever do for you , you have only to ask . '
' to daisy , ' keith went on .
he shot a wry smile at daisy .
' now that i ' ve been amongst you , i see more clearly why daisy is the very special person she is .
it 's what i 'd love to have in my own life , and i ' m hoping daisy ... ' he turned to her , his green eyes glittering with determination ' ... will want to make it happen with me . '
that barrier in daisy 's mind had to be down .
' we 're fine together , daisy .
it was in his voice , in his eyes , and at last daisy could let herself believe it .
ethan wanted to fill the house at hunters hill with children , to play games with them , to sit down to family meals , which matched daisy 's dreams perfectly .
it was the most blissful day in daisy 's life and , wonderfully imbued with the absolute confidence he gave her , she knew with ethan there would be many more to come .
i sit inside the clean , softly scented interior of the bentley wearing my best jeans , a top patterned with pink daisies teamed with a hot pink jacket and sandals with pink bows .
roses for monica , daisies for jeremy .
i ' ve seen everything from daisies to space aliens on those tags . ''
there were vases and bowls filled with roses and daisies and some kind of weird purple flower .
standing up , daisy smiled .
as daisy left and the other king wives laughed and chatted about their kids and their husbands , katie took a minute to enjoy where she was .
and how many hours of penance they 'd all paid for every dead rose and daisy .
` ` if that 's daisy saxon , '' sam told him , ` ` then yeah . ''
and call me daisy , '' she told him .
he ignored the dog 's warning growls and daisy 's stream of chatter about the house , the grounds , the weather , the fact that her car was almost out of gas and the nice people she 'd met at the spa when she was lost .
he opened the arched , dark wood door , stepped inside and set daisy on her feet quickly .
` ` about that ... '' daisy saw the hesitation in jericho king 's ice - blue eyes .
well , she could n't let that happen , so before he could say anything else , daisy started talking .
two ` ` so , '' daisy asked , plastering a confident smile on her face , ` ` when do i start ? ''
` ` i disagree , '' he said tightly , and daisy geared up for battle .
with those thoughts and a dozen others just like them rushing through her mind , daisy lifted her chin and waited for him to speak .
it does n't have to be fussy , '' daisy countered , already seeing in her mind 's eye how it could look .
he inhaled sharply and daisy thought maybe she 'd gone a little far .
` ` we were talking about how good i 'd be for your business , '' daisy told him and shushed nikki when she growled .
` ` the job , daisy , '' he said , and waved her over onto one of the couches .
` ` it just would n't work out , daisy . ''
because he had been close to the only family daisy had had .
in the space of a few hours , daisy saxon was turning his world on its head .
so he 'd lock himself into his study with a sandwich and avoid talking to daisy until tomorrow .
and now that that thought had taken root in his mind , he was picturing daisy saxon in his bed , that thick , soft hair of hers spread across his pillow .
three ` ` it 's amazing , '' daisy whispered , almost as if she were in church .
her little dog was off exploring the yard and all of the shrubbery , leaving daisy alone in the shadows .
jericho 's voice rumbled from right behind her and daisy jumped .
her low growl erupted from her tiny chest and when she reached them , she stood in front of daisy as if daring the big man to hurt her .
cradling her close , daisy stroked a hand down nikki 's back and shot a nervous glance around her at the surrounding trees .
then he shifted his glance to daisy .
plus , jericho king had known him at the end of brant 's life and those were pieces that daisy needed .
he looked mortally uncomfortable and daisy asked herself again , why ?
he 'd introduced daisy to most of his friends and taken her to his favorite spots on base .
` ` he was always like that , '' daisy answered with a wisp of sorrow in her voice for days gone past .
` ` you do n't belong here , daisy . ''
this is not your kind of place , daisy . ''
as if firing dirty looks at the place would make daisy saxon appear .
twitchy did n't even begin to cover what daisy did to him , jericho thought , but damned if he 'd admit to it .
just one more reason to get daisy gone .
yes , he thought , he owed daisy saxon something because of her brother .
he turned to look at the back door of the house as daisy stepped off the porch .
four daisy was willing to put up with the backpack jericho had forced her to wear .
` ` i scared her when i fell , '' daisy said in defense of her dog .
though being at that altitude made talking , climbing and breathing all at the same time a little difficult , daisy struggled on .
her mother used to say that daisy could talk to a stump .
visions of nikki being carried off by god knew what flew through daisy 's mind and she reined in the dog 's leash as she hurried her steps to close the distance between her and jericho .
` ` i know that , but- '' they came around a sharp bend in the trail and daisy stopped dead , conversation forgotten .
caught in the moment , daisy reached out , took jericho 's hand in hers and squeezed it , almost reassuring herself that she was really there .
the heat of his touch slipped inside her and daisy folded her fingers into a fist , futilely trying to hold on to the sensation .
though she was grateful , the thought of even two more miles made daisy really want to whimper , but she controlled herself .
` ` you should be scared , daisy .
sure , some of his clients were incapable of being quiet for very long at a stretch , but daisy saxon was in a class all by herself .
the man had to have been an idiot to walk out on daisy , in jericho 's opinion , and she was better off without him .
so the fact that daisy could make him rethink his original opinion of her was astonishing .
by the time they made camp , daisy was clearly exhausted , but worked right through it .
once the flames were going , daisy took over , surprising him again .
a cold wind swept through the trees and had daisy tugging the edges of her borrowed coat closer together .
he poured each of them a cup of the steaming black brew , then watched as daisy pulled a cook pan closer and dumped her corn chowder into it to heat .
` ` daisy , let it go . ''
in the firelight , daisy looked lovely , delicate , with her soft hair falling over her shoulders , reflections of the flames dancing in her wide , brown eyes .
he 'd seen plenty of men topple off that bridge , cursing their own clumsiness and ineptitude , but daisy was making it .
the dog at the end of the leash he held barked and pranced and in general made a racket as it tried , futilely , to reach daisy .
yet damned if he wanted daisy falling .
the little dog on the end of the red leash jumped and pulled , trying to get to her , so jericho dropped the leash and the poodle raced to daisy .
six daisy was exhausted and every bone and muscle in her body ached like a bad tooth , but beneath the misery was a sense of accomplishment .
so comfortable with his aloneness that daisy was drawn closer and closer in an attempt to breach the walls he 'd erected around himself so completely .
instead , he 'd planted one big hand under her behind and boosted her up enough that daisy was able to scramble to the top and then drop over the other side , victorious .
when he turned around to continue leading the way to the river , daisy inhaled sharply and felt a swell of pride rise up and burst inside her .
jericho heard the outraged tremor in daisy 's voice and knew that he would n't be eating rabbit stew for supper .
` ` i ca n't believe you did that , '' daisy said as jericho turned to face her .
he turned around again , headed for the river , when daisy stopped him by calling his name .
as he walked away , daisy lifted her fingers to her lips , enjoying the buzz of sensation lingering there and whispered , ` ` should n't be a problem starting the fire .
he had n't said much , daisy mused .
ridiculously pleased , daisy grinned .
` ` all in all , you did a good job , '' jericho said and daisy 's thoughtful gaze narrowed on him .
but daisy had to know why he 'd decided in her favor .
` ` damn dog , '' jericho muttered , scrambling to his feet as daisy began to walk a fast , frenetic circle around the fire .
before he could say anything , daisy rushed off blindly into the tree line , pushed by a driving sense of urgency .
with her heart in her throat , daisy shoved through low - hanging pine branches , hardly noticing when the limbs and needles poked at her .
` ` daisy , damn it ! ''
but even as she started to speak , daisy realized he was right .
if anything happened to her dog ... daisy continued to pace in tight , worried circles around the perimeter of the campfire , her mind racing , her heart pounding .
jericho 's voice broke into daisy 's thoughts and she whirled around to face him .
nikki 's tiny pink tongue swiped daisy 's face in gratitude just before the little dog sent jericho a look of complete canine adoration .
he woke up with both daisy and the dog curled up into him again and this time , it was even more difficult to ignore the warmth of her curvy body pressed up against his .
besides , he was n't the kind of man to allow a woman into his life and daisy was in no way the one - night - stand kind of female .
` ` daisy ! ''
she rolled over , the dog yipped and shot up to all four feet while daisy was still blinking sleep out of her eyes .
while daisy stepped into the forest for some privacy , jericho looked down at the little dog snuggling in close to him .
` ` daisy , after seeing what you can do over a campfire , i have half a mind to go home and shoot my chef . ''
harry morrison , bank president , added , ` ` i ' m impressed with how well you handle yourself out on the trail , daisy .
` ` and maybe , '' daisy said to harry , ` ` your wife would n't complain as much if she felt more support . ''
` ` you do n't have anything left to prove , daisy . ''
the problem here was , daisy was exactly where he wanted to be , too .
he spent most days doing everything he could to avoid being around daisy .
` ` you brought daisy here .
get the hell away from daisy saxon before she drove him completely crazy .
but daisy did n't want sympathy .
but daisy was n't watching her dog .
` ` she 's not the only one , '' daisy told him .
when he stopped on the step just below her , their eyes were level and he said softly , ` ` i should , daisy .
he reached his bedroom , walked across the wide space and tossed daisy onto the mattress .
he was insatiable , daisy thought with an inward smile .
handmade quilts done by jericho 's grandmother and decorative pillows that daisy had strewn across the utilitarian furniture .
he 'd thought that getting daisy into his bed would be the one sure way to get her out of his system .
rather than chasing her out of his mind , sex with daisy had burned her into his brain .
you work for me , daisy , not the other way around . ''
rather than being put off by his gruff voice , barely restrained temper and crappy attitude , daisy smiled at him .
for the past two days , jericho had been treating daisy as if she were a land mine with a tricky trigger mechanism .
hell , he 'd realized right away that nothing good could come of this , but daisy saxon was a damn force of nature .
what was really bugging him was that he had n't told daisy the whole story .
to keep his mouth shut and to wait daisy out .
he had to admit that daisy had had a part in that , too .
and excitement for daisy translated into cooking and baking .
jericho had noticed his brothers noticing daisy and had even caught an inquisitive glance or two being exchanged .
` ` the bare essentials , '' daisy announced from the back door .
he envied his brothers ' easy way with daisy .
as if he and daisy were alone on the mountain .
he turned his smile on daisy again .
` ` you can testify to that , ca n't you , daisy ?
he set it in the back of the truck and glanced at daisy .
he was even tempted to jump in and tell them both that daisy was more woman than either of their wives .
now though , since daisy , jericho could understand just what his brothers felt for their wives .
instead , it seemed to solidify for him the fact that he 'd let daisy get too close .
jericho stood to one side , his gaze still locked with daisy 's as his brothers ragged on each other .
the only difference this time was that daisy was here , so jericho 's mind was n't really on keeping up with his brothers .
` ` yeah , i am , little brother , '' he said , tearing his gaze from daisy long enough to give jesse a hard stare that had once been known to freeze marine recruits in their tracks .
while he worked , jericho simply stared off into space , watching the spot where daisy had vanished .
of course justice would pick up on the tensions between him and daisy .
jericho snapped , shooting a glance at the spot where daisy had last been seen just to make sure she was n't in earshot .
about daisy .
but this thing with daisy , it 's different . ''
she whispered , glancing briefly down at nikki who sat , head cocked , ears lifted as if considering daisy 's question .
nikki whined and daisy bent to scoop up the little dog and cuddle her close to comfort both of them .
` ` daisy , '' she murmured , burying her face in nikki 's soft fur , ` ` why did you have to fall in love with him ?
ten by the end of the following week , daisy felt as if her nerves were strung as tight as a newly tuned piano 's strings .
nikki yipped in excitement from her perch on the bed and daisy spun around to face jericho when he spoke up from the doorway to her bedroom .
everything inside daisy braced for whatever was next .
` ` you do n't worry me , daisy .
` ` you think i ' m blind , daisy ? ''
just as he 'd been intent on keeping daisy safe .
by the time the fire was contained , daisy was in the kitchen making boatloads of coffee for the men .
i ' ve got plenty more to say , daisy saxon , '' he admitted .
` ` daisy ... '' ` ` before you say anything else , there 's something i have to tell you , '' she whispered .
the fact that daisy had not only risen above it but found the strength to go on was admirable .
three days later , jericho was still gone and daisy was no closer to figuring out exactly what it was she should do next .
funny , daisy thought , she and her dog were in the same boat .
that was something , daisy thought , hope beginning to rise inside her again .
` ` i have n't said this to you before , but you coming here was a good thing , daisy . ''
i admire you a lot , daisy .
alone in the bright , cheerful kitchen , with sunlight pooling all around her , daisy felt as if she were at the bottom of a deep , dark hole .
in all the mess with daisy and his fury at her deception , he had n't stopped to consider that he 'd been keeping secrets , too .
the door swung open , but daisy stood her ground and listened as jericho 's deep voice rumbled out .
confused , daisy frowned slightly and the frown was still on her face when he walked into the great room with nikki held against his chest .
he scrubbed one hand across his jaw , something daisy had noticed he did whenever he was stalling , looking for the right words to say .
crimson - stained clouds studded the horizon and daisy realized a storm was brewing .
pain shot across his eyes , but daisy would n't be moved .
he looked at her , but daisy thought he was really looking into the past .
` ` yes , he was , '' daisy said and nearly sighed with relief as the knots inside her began to loosen .
her brother 's face rose up in her mind and daisy saw what jericho was obviously not seeing .
` ` but- '' ` ` you know , it 's ironic , '' daisy told him thoughtfully .
` ` i love you , daisy .
` ` jericho ... '' ` ` stay , daisy , '' he said .
` ` but i used to be able to snap the petals off a daisy at seventy - five paces . ''
you a present , '' danny said , drawing his hand out from behind his back and proudly showing her a bedraggled daisy , which he delivered to her at a run .
` ` i pegged you as more of a daisy person myself . ''
the vendor seemed to have everything from roses and carnations to tulips and daisy , but he did n't have one single calla lily .
along the wall the gardeners had planted some yellow orange helenium , which if trent had n't told her differently she would ' ve assumed were just plain old daisies .
between the violet flowers , white daisies peeked out , brightening up the richness of the hyacinths .
` ` the daisies mean innocence , and the hyacinth means loveliness ! ''
he saw the name daisy on her name tag when she returned with his beer .
only once before in my life have i ever been anywhere else - and that but for a day , just because daisy needed me very badly .
four years ago , i came to moorcliffe with my sister , daisy .
but i never doubted that the lisles would want someone as pretty and clever as daisy to work in their house .
` ` look on the bright side , '' daisy said to me one night , when i was crying .
i need to go back to before , to warn daisy .
when it began , just over two years ago , i thought daisy was merely sick .
but it was n't until spring , until the morning i realized daisy 's uniform was becoming tight in the waist , that i realized the truth .
` ` daisy , you aren't - are you - are you going to have a baby ? ''
but daisy , if i can see it , others can too .
was he maybe more than friendly to daisy ?
i 'd never thought there was anything between them , but then again , i 'd never suspected daisy was n't a virgin .
` ` it 's not ned , '' daisy spat back at me .
` ` i did n't mean that , daisy !
she called daisy a slut and a whore , and of course she went right to lady regina with the information .
lady regina did what any other fine christian noblewoman would have done upon learning that one of her unmarried servant girls was pregnant : she fired daisy and threw her out of the house that very day , with only a fraction of the wages she was entitled to .
once i 'd calmed myself , daisy handed me a knotted handkerchief that held something heavy inside .
with that , daisy opened the handkerchief to reveal an ornate gold pin .
that money kept daisy going , and little matthew once he was born , until earlier this year when she married arthur the butcher .
but daisy would have been near the family all the time , as a nursery maid .
i always knew how cruel the lisle family had been to daisy ; now i see what hypocrites they are too .
remembering what she said to daisy , maybe i ought to laugh at her .
thinking of the gap between gentility and servants reminds me of daisy , and what 's become of her due to layton 's irresponsibility .
even if he were n't , after what you ' ve learned about daisy and layton , do n't you know that no servant girl can ever trust a wealthy man ?
it 's the first time i ' ve seen anything as strong as a real emotion in him since ... since daisy left .
the thought of daisy , pregnant and alone , with only his golden pin to live on , and layton abandoning her out of cowardice , fills me with an anger that crowds out rational thought .
the last of what was good in him died when he abandoned daisy ; if he remembers his better self at all , no doubt he drowns the memories in wine .
there 's nothing i can do for daisy now , nor for alec , and i wo n't get a spare moment to see him or ask how we can help daisy any sooner by dragging and daydreaming through my work .
i was too , before daisy got herself in trouble ; after that i made it a point to learn a few things .
and he 'll tell them to hurt daisy . ''
when i ' m done , he says only , ` ` we 'll take care of daisy .
alec is selling himself to the brotherhood - giving up everything he has , every hope of a decent life - so that daisy will be safe .
later , for daisy 's sake , i will .
did you do it to pay me back for daisy ?
` ` you lied to daisy .
send it to daisy , if you think that 's best .
i ought to have known it was n't layton who helped look after daisy in those first awful months .
though i know in my heart the truth between me and alec , mikhail 's version of events is too close to daisy 's story and to my own worst fears : that rich men use poor girls and throw them away .
it was better than pushing daisies for damn sure .
` ` gerbera daisies are my favorite .
tattoo of a daisy ? ''
a mass of wildflowers - daisies and sunflowers and indian paintbrushes and other flowers i do n't recognize .
i had considered something more exotic , but you remind me of daisies and wildflowers . ''
i grin , and am about to ask him how he knows that i got it when the door to the starbucks opens and a skinny guy wearing earbuds bounces in carrying a vase full of daisies and other wildflowers .
niall looked as fresh and pretty as a daisy , wearing a short - sleeved white cotton blouse with her golden hair falling in shiny waves to an inch above her shoulders .
she let her hair dry in natural waves , combed it , and pinned back her bangs with a white and yellow daisy clip .
she grabbed her daisies , the perfect flowers for mckenna 's sunny disposition , and held open the door for the other bridesmaids : mckenna 's good friends hayden and erin , and chris 's sister , jill , who had flown out from new york for the weekend , taking two days off from her starring role in the musical crash the moon .
warmth bloomed inside her chest , like a big daisy flower in the summer .
the night for the private party with the seventies theme rolled around , and i showed up at work in my daisy duke costume , impressed i still fit into cutoff shorts i 'd worn in my freshman year in college six long years before .
you 're daisy duke from that dukes of hazzard show , are n't you ?
his hands slid down from my breasts to unbutton the top of my daisy dukes .
roses , daisies , and lilies , they made the start of each day wonderful .
i opened my eyes and saw i stood in a yard of green grass lined by flower beds filled with yellow and white daisies .
the cropped white halter and daisy dukes she 's rocking seem to be doing the trick for him .
all three are garbed in tiny tank tops , bare midriffs , and daisy dukes .
` ` and these are the daisies and these are the tulips .
i could almost see the two star - crossed lovers as they ran across a field of daisies to finally be in each other 's arms .
yondan looked as fresh as a daisy .
by the time the windshield was clean and trevor had checked the horses , channing had returned , looking as fresh as a daisy .
` ` letting daisy here stretch her legs . ''
when gemma returned the next afternoon , after she checked on daisy , she stalked into the living quarters in the horse trailer and went straight for the booze .
ca n't you see the daisies ?
she peered at the small purple daisies and the big yellow mums and the thick greenish - yellow stem which sort of resembled goldenrod .
a backdrop of long , gold and brown grasses , stubby groundcover the color of cinnamon , sagebrush , and the occasional yellow daisy popped up , all blended seamlessly past the barbed wire fence and across the pasture .
` ` ah hell , red , how am i supposed to resist kissin ' you when you look as fresh and pretty as a damn daisy ? ''
she 'd shown up in skintight daisy duke short - shorts and an icy - blue tank top that matched her eyes .
she 'd probably overdressed in capris , a sleeveless yellow shirt patterned with tiny daisies , and wedge sandals , given the fact they 'd played basketball on their first date .
tell passed her the bouquet of yellow , white and pink daisies .
and for me it was all about daisy duke and those short shorts .
carolyn changed into a sleeveless shirt covered in daisies and white pedal pushers with a ruffled hem below the knee .
something like raining daisies ?
dropping the daisy to the floor , he 'd screamed out , ` ` no ! ''
and that stupid daisy she 'd put on it ...
sandspur 's head resembled a daisy , with three white petals fanning out and huge pink eyes with blue centers .
small glowing flowers , like electric daisies , grew in among the moss , starring the green with white .
she was humming to herself , bundling daisies together in a pile .
he said , watching the daisies blow across the grass .
i blazed a new trail down her throat , kissing each of those little yellow daisies , lingering on some more than others .
she glanced out the window , eyeing the trimmed bushes , the roses that were months away from blooming , the colorful early spring daisies that were straining toward the fading sun .
my daisy may turned nine today . ''
` ` jimmy , brent , and daisy are all his younger siblings .
` ` daisy may had n't even been able to talk plain back then .
` ` tonight we 're having a party for daisy may at amanda hardy 's mother 's house .
she has a pool , and amanda wanted daisy to have a pool party .
krit has a thing tonight , so he will only be stopping by to give daisy a gift and , knowing him , grab a piece of cake .
trisha : do n't forget that daisy may 's birthday party is at six thirty at marcus 's mothers house .
i had n't bought daisy a present yet , and she had told me she wanted a sparkly pink purse and lip gloss when i 'd asked her last week .
then the top layer was white and had the number nine and the name daisy in pink .
` ` this is daisy may 's birthday party .
` ` tell daisy may i said happy birthday , '' green said into the phone .
it was pale pink with big daisies all over it .
only one other smile moved me as much as daisy may 's .
she was the best mother in the world if you asked daisy may , brent , or jimmy .
` ` you nailed that , daisy , baby , '' trisha cheered , and daisy may instantly lit up .
` ` you nailed that , daisy , baby , '' trisha cheered , and daisy may instantly lit up .
trisha reached over and pulled daisy toward us and tucked her under her arm .
i was sitting out here , getting nervous thinking about daisy may trying out to make the competitive team , and trisha was n't making just daisy feel better - my nerves were easing too .
i was sitting out here , getting nervous thinking about daisy may trying out to make the competitive team , and trisha was n't making just daisy feel better - my nerves were easing too .
` ` next week i get to be a flower girl again , '' daisy said , grinning up at us .
but i imagine next week 's is the one you 're most excited about , '' trisha said , ruffling daisy may 's brown curls .
apparently , preston had some kind of secret only daisy may knew about .
` ` i ca n't imagine doing this with daisy may . ''
` ` we 'll all go sit with daisy may on her first day of school .
he always took some home to the boys and daisy may now that she had teeth .
leaning against the door frame , i watched as rock read a chapter of harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone with daisy may .
rock had n't given up on me , just like he was n't giving up on daisy may .
it was something he had started saying to daisy may a little over a year ago when she had broken a lamp by accident and burst into tears , afraid we would n't love her anymore .
they were getting their showers and finishing up their homework while rock and daisy may read .
` ` daisy may has a dress just like mine .
i 'll get you and daisy may ready to walk down the aisle , and you can toss those petals all you want then .
` ` daisies . ''
he held out a bunch of daisies .
i stammered , taking the daisies .
how long has it been since i held a daisy ?
it 's a picture of a little girl picking daisies in a playground . ''
caden reached down to pick up the daisies i 'd scattered when i realized the extent of sofie 's treachery .
` ` i love daisies . ''
i trailed quietly , alternating my attention between the perfect , agile body ahead and the daisies in my hand before saying , ` ` so fiona and amelie obviously told you a few things about me . ''
it was the one i had painted of her as a little girl , picking daisies at the playground .
her eyes , still golden , with the same twinkle that had won my heart when i saw her take her first steps through a patch of wild daisies , now held the slightest iridescent shimmer .
the day caden picked a bunch of daisies from atop the mountain and i laid them down on the riverbank .
it 's obvious the guy is drilling daisy duke , and it 's making my own discomfort all the worse .
i know i must have looked terrible , with my hair a wild rat 's nest and my eyes bloodshot and my breath harsh enough to wilt daisies .
no sooner had i consumed my third drink in the devil than i was accosted by a delightful small flower - selling child who asked me for twopence for a daisy .
kym 's grieving parents were posed clutching a bible and a bouquet of daisies , which they said had been kym 's favorite flower .
many of the stackhouse women had been ardent gardeners , and they 'd planted roses , daisies , hydrangeas , pear trees ... so many blooming and green things , planted by generations of stackhouse women .
` ` this is your arraignment for the murder of arlene daisy fowler .
dunstan thorn was not in the seventh magpie that evening : he was a practical lad , who had , for the last six months , been courting daisy hempstock , a young woman of similar practicality .
they would walk , on fair evenings , around the village , and discuss the theory of crop rotation , and the weather , and other such sensible matters ; and on these walks , upon which they were invariably accompanied by daisy 's mother and younger sister walking a healthy six paces behind , they would , from time to time , stare at each other lovingly .
and daisy hempstock would walk into her house , and remove her bonnet , and say , ` ` i do so wish mister thorn would make up his mind to propose .
at lunchtime , daisy hempstock brought by a small pot of shepherd 's pie for them both , and bridget comfrey brought them each a mug of spiced ale .
dunstan listened to the rain on the byre roof , and thought about daisy hempstock , and in his thoughts they were walking together , and six steps behind them walked a tall man with a top hat and a small , furry creature whose face dunstan could not see .
` ` dunstan paused in front of a stall covered with tiny crystal ornaments ; he examined the miniature animals , pondering getting one for daisy hempstock .
he jingled his money in his pocket handkerchief , and looked for something small and inexpensive with which to amuse daisy .
for by now he was quite agitated , and his only mission was to obtain a flower for ... for daisy , daisy hempstock ... to obtain his flower and to depart , for , truth to tell , the young lady was making him exceedingly uncomfortable .
for by now he was quite agitated , and his only mission was to obtain a flower for ... for daisy , daisy hempstock ... to obtain his flower and to depart , for , truth to tell , the young lady was making him exceedingly uncomfortable .
` ` there , now , daisy , '' said her mother , stroking her hair , ` ` he 's just a little elf - touched , that 's all .
and mrs . hempstock observed , with a certain perplexity , that daisy appeared to be smiling through her tears .
` ` but mother , dunstan kissed me , '' said daisy hempstock , and she fixed the crystal snowdrop at the front of her bonnet , where it chimed and glistened .
i expect your daisy shall be a bridesmaid . ''
` ` hempstock would certainly not be averse to seeing our daisy happy .
dunstan thorn was married in june to daisy hempstock .
their mothers agreed how lovely daisy looked , and what a pity it was that dunstan had stopped daisy from wearing the snowdrop he had bought for her at the market at the end of april , in her wedding dress .
their mothers agreed how lovely daisy looked , and what a pity it was that dunstan had stopped daisy from wearing the snowdrop he had bought for her at the market at the end of april , in her wedding dress .
said daisy thorn .
my mother is daisy thorn . ''
she was laughing with him , a daisy brushing her lips before touching it to his forehead fondly .
the pixies were singing about blood and daisies as we entered the sunlit kitchen to find trent safe within a circle of his own making between the cluttered center counter and the sink , full of dirty spell pots .
why the tink - blasted daisies do you think i brought you ! ''
` ` piss on my daisies , he had three spells going when i broke into his spell hut and caught him trying to - ` ` ` ` can i talk to you for a moment ? ''
jenks was singing to her about blood - red daisies .
` ` piss on my daisies , we have to save the demons ! ''
bis hunched on a rock , and jenks darted into my hair , muttering about pixy piss and bloody daisies .
bis 's wings shushed against my head , and my smile became real as i continued my list of don't - haves : no funerals , no songs of blood and daisies , no feeling guilty for surviving because i had fled .
last month , for example , i went to the fabric store - spring is coming , so i thought i 'd make a new dress - pink linen or pale yellow cotton with white daisies . ''
the air filled with the scent of fresh - cut daisies and fragrant vanilla , and the heaviness lifted from his chest .
she dug it out from her enormous straw handbag - the one with plastic daisies on the outside and stuffed to the gills with tic tacs , a spare veil , and the knitted bootees she planned to gift wrap later .
the scent of vanilla and daisies filled the air .
vanilla laced with daisies .
vanilla and daisies .
he 'd never smelled anything sweeter than that scent of daisies .
and her return brought with it five days of global windstorms ; three months of every game around the planet ending in a tie - the germans and latin americans almost lost their minds ; a plague of horrible toothaches and nightmares ; a shortage of cardamom and cloves - the people in india and the uk were very unhappy without their curry ; and the disappearance of daisies for an entire decade . ''
it smelled of daisies and vanilla .
chapter treinta y cinco february 1 ixtab wore her favorite pastel yellow dress with white daisies and spaghetti straps , and for the first time in a very long time , she entered the summit chamber with a glorious smile on her face .
` ` are those gerbera daisies ? ''
` ` i ' m horribly allergic to daisies .
i smiled , pulling petals off a daisy , whispering , ` ` he loves me ; he loves me not . ''
you ca n't buy peace with daisy chains , amara . ''
i smiled back at him as the light flooded down my walls , blotting out his face , my pillows , my dresser , until spring spread out around me - my only cage the long grass , rising up past my shoulders and cheeks with the wet scent of soil and crushed daisies .
he reached across and picked a yellow daisy from beside my knee .
i took morgaine 's hand again and started the path , smiling as daisies , roses and tulips greeted each step - a kaleidoscope canvas of colours .
remember how the camera cleverly hid his most private parts with the glittery fake daisy and sunflower centerpiece ?
he takes a hand from behind his back and holds out a bunch of daisies .
i always loved daisies .
` ` fresh as a daisy , '' he murmured .
i ' ve been cut off by designated daisy .
kat and erin were standing there , both of them with bouquets filled out with baby 's breath , little pink daisies , and balloons .
i hope to drive entire droves of sexed - up frat boys insane with my barely there daisy dukes , my add - a - size bombshell bra paired with the designer wifebeater left by lauren .
i want get there and see how all the other girls dress , and if it 's a totally casual environment , i 'll bust out the daisy duke 's and flip flops . ''
she 's sporting a pair of daisy dukes with her blouse tied off just under her boobs .
why is she wearing daisy dukes and barefoot ?
reese is worth pushing up a daisy or two , but knowing neva , i would n't be lucky enough to go the casket route .
a single white daisy has materialized in his hand , and he wears a bashful smile .
i glance down at my flag inspired bathing suit top , my daisy dukes that glow against my summer tan .
i imagined myself with my hair in rollers , a green facial mask on , and the most unflattering flannel pajama dress known to man - white with yellow printed daisies just like my mother used to make me wear .
anyway these daisy dukes are sort of my good luck charm because i happened to be wearing them last friday night when bryson and i engaged in a guinness worthy lip - lock .
nate and i choose our salad veggies and he buys me a gorgeous bouquet of fresh tulips and gerbera daisies .
she added a brown leather belt with daisies stamped into the leather which was something else that she determined was not cute ( even though it was ) .
she went from daisies and rainbows to grunge but she did that with too much makeup , sulking and ` ` the world does n't get me '' teenage bullshit .
roses mixed with gerbera daisies tucked into a squat , square glass vase .
i yanked out keira 's hot pink wellingtons with the big daisies on them and pulled them over the thick socks i had on to ward off the night chill .
so i found myself standing in my next door neighbor 's house , me in hot pink daisy wellingtons , a nightie and tim 's robe ; my neighbor in faded jeans , black motorcycle boots , a black t - shirt and a black leather jacket ; and hollywood movie star kenzie elise in a barely there , emerald green , lace teddy and platform stripper shoes .
keira 's room was girlie , not frilly but full of pinks , purples , daisies and posters of boy bands and teenage vampires .
you 'll be livin ' in a house with daisies on the walls and wearing pink wellingtons when you 're married and have six kids , '' vi replied .
his daughter 's room looked almost identical to keira 's except not pinks and purples , instead blues and yellows and instead of daisies , there were butterflies and there was not a mixture of boy band and teenage vampire posters , there were only teenage vampires .
but i knew the piece of paper was n't funny even if it was in a ziploc bag with daisies on it .
` ` feb - '' colt started but i reached out fast and snatched the daisy bag out of his hand .
` ` now perhaps , ms . owens , in light of this new evidence , '' agent nowakowski carefully placed the daisy bag on the table , his voice was gentle but probing , ` ` we should go back over your relationship with lieutenant colton . ''
i 'd strung string after string of fairy lights covered in sherbet - colored daisies all around the top edges .
and , by the gods , i 'd just come to understand you were who you are and i was in love with you so perhaps i had other things on my mind than the fact that your sister is happy , healthy and has decided to change her wedding bouquet from orange blossoms and jasmine to roses and daisies because she thinks the scent of jasmine will clash violently with the blossoms ? ''
together , they silently opened the door and snuck into the room which was still lit by ruby 's pink daisy nightlight .
` ` daisy , honey , this is business , '' the man behind the desk said .
i did n't know whether to be happy or sad that i was left with marcus and daisy who were in the throes of a domestic situation .
some of the tension eased out of daisy and she glanced at me again .
marcus was saved the edge of daisy 's tongue when a knock came at the door and louie stuck his head in .
then he looked at daisy .
` ` daisy , '' he said .
i looked at daisy .
` ` sounds good to me , '' daisy replied and her eyes slid sideways as lee joined us .
i felt added relief with his assurance and daisy 's .
it was daisy .
` ` i do n't mean to be nasty , but these girls need to get some moves , '' daisy noted , ` ` when i drove in , i did n't see a porsche or corvette in the parking lot .
they were al staring at daisy with awestruck faces .
` ` daisy , i want you to meet my friends . ''
marcus had been involved in indy 's drama but obviously they had n't met daisy .
` ` it 's my job to get drinks , '' i said , putting my hand on his arm and giving him a grin , then i turned to daisy , ` ` what'l it be ? ''
` ` you got daisy at your friends ' table , '' he said .
` ` i know daisy , i know marcus too , '' i said to him .
` ` he kinda kidnapped me last night after work , that 's how i met daisy .
indy , al y , daisy , tod and stevie cal ed in a steady round of drinks , were nearing three sheets to the wind and frequent bursts of laughter could be heard from their table .
they were more entertainment for the customers ; even ful y clothed , indy , al y and daisy were n't hard to look at .
marcus'l give me a bonus ; i f**k with you , no matter what daisy says .
i saw al y , daisy , tod and stevie .
i thought your girls had protection , '' daisy was there , hands on hips , attitude crackling , indy and al y flanking her like honor guards .
smithie ignored daisy and turned to me , ` ` you 're official y on vacation . ''
something changed in the air , something stronger and even scarier than daisy 's attitude .
` ` fine , '' i snapped and walked away from eddie , right by smithie and through daisy , indy , al y , lee , carl , tod and stevie and a dozen dancers , bouncers and waitresses .
second message was daisy ; ` ` indy gave me your number .
then i texted a general ` ` i ' m okay '' to indy , al y , daisy , tod and stevie ( yes , even daisy ) .
then i texted a general ` ` i ' m okay '' to indy , al y , daisy , tod and stevie ( yes , even daisy ) .
then i paced and texted daisy as a response to her second phone message ( the one left after the cal eddie did n't let me answer ) , setting a meeting with her the next day while he showered and dressed .
either that , or lose daisy .
ai n't no way he 's losin ' daisy , '' darius answered .
word is , daisy likes jet , and marcus wants daisy happy .
i texted everyone al y 'd programmed into my phone , including indy , al y , tod , stevie , daisy and yes , even eddie , with my new number .
we did n't have a lot of time before we had to meet daisy at the oxford hotel lot of time before we had to meet daisy at the oxford hotel for a drink and i was getting fidgety .
we did n't have a lot of time before we had to meet daisy at the oxford hotel lot of time before we had to meet daisy at the oxford hotel for a drink and i was getting fidgety .
i did n't want to keep daisy waiting , she could be scary .
` ` indy and i are meeting daisy at the cruise room for a drink . ''
chapter seventeen daisy , indy and me - the unholy trinity we met daisy in the ultra - cool , art deco cruise room of the oxford hotel .
chapter seventeen daisy , indy and me - the unholy trinity we met daisy in the ultra - cool , art deco cruise room of the oxford hotel .
` ` daisy ... '' she shook her purple - tinged head , wagged a finger at me and i was quiet .
indy and daisy nodded , ` ` so , i ' ve decided .
` ` maybe i should try to do this myself , you and indy ... '' daisy shook her head and with what i was noticing was her customary brutal honesty , she said , ` ` i ca n't have babies , sugar , marcus and me been tryin ' for two years .
indy and daisy turned to me .
so , we lifted the dregs of our second martini and toasted our plan ; daisy with a giggle , indy with a grin and me with a bel y clutch .
i ignored my bel y , turned back and told daisy , ` ` that 's eddie . ''
eddie bent low and his mouth touched mine , my happy bel y curl went into overdrive and then he straightened and took in indy and daisy .
i introduced daisy , she put her hand in his and said , straight out , ` ` sugar bunch , you are fine . ''
then , before i could protest , he was on me , his mouth on mine and al y , indy , daisy and our plans for the evening flew right out of my head .
tod did my makeup on a level one half notch down from ful -on drag and daisy did my hair in the only way she knew how .
i asked daisy .
indy asked , turning in the front passenger seat to look at me when al y started to fol ow the directions daisy gave her .
smithie wo n't have a girl work for him who is n't al that and that 's the god 's honest truth , '' daisy declared .
` ` sure daisy , '' butch said .
` ` always room for you , daisy . ''
then his eyes came to indy , al y and i and i wondered why he ended everything he said with ` ` daisy '' .
` ` i ' m not sure about that daisy , '' he said .
i did n't know about pushing into a room where i was n't wanted but daisy was in and we had no choice but to fol ow .
we al traipsed in ( at this point the daisy - ettes ) and sweet , tinkly - bel laugh daisy was al gone .
we al traipsed in ( at this point the daisy - ettes ) and sweet , tinkly - bel laugh daisy was al gone .
this was serious kick - butt daisy .
they finished their game , found a chair and daisy sat ; butch giving her chips when she gave him a rol of cash .
` ` this is a new thing , '' daisy replied .
now , i might have been mad at my dad , but i did n't like hearing someone cal him a dumb f**k . i tensed , visualizing my stun gun in my hand and daisy , in mother bear mode , slid her eyes to me and her hair did another negative shake .
` ` can i just say , you are the shit , '' al y said to daisy .
tinkly - bel laugh daisy was back .
she said and came into the hal with us , closing the door and enveloping little daisy in a big hug .
` ` let me introduce my girls , '' daisy said and performed the introductions .
she turned to daisy , ` ` marcus , now , he 's a good man , respects the brothers , 'bout time he cut fratel i loose . ''
marcus would have a conniption , '' daisy replied .
she turned to us , serious kick - butt daisy firmly in place .
i ducked , she missed me and hit daisy right in the eye .
al y jumped on the pile of arms and legs on the floor , which consisted of a rol ing daisy and the black lady .
* * * * * we dropped daisy first , then al y took me to eddie 's .
then she punched daisy in the eye .
it said ` ` daisy cal ing . ''
` ` hey , daisy . ''
i told daisy .
ca n't wait to meet your sister , '' daisy answered .
` ` actual y , i ' m going out tonight with indy , tod , lottie and daisy .
i felt safe in the jeans and hoped daisy would n't quibble .
so we headed over to tod and stevie 's and daisy was already there having a cocktail , playing with chowleena and you could only just barely see the black eye under her concealer .
more proof that daisy was the shit , i 'd never be able to conceal a black eye and stil look as good as she did .
tod looked between me and daisy .
we introduced her to daisy and daisy and lottie formed a deep bond in five minutes while sharing breast enhancement surgery stories .
we introduced her to daisy and daisy and lottie formed a deep bond in five minutes while sharing breast enhancement surgery stories .
we did n't want to show up at the scene of our last crime too early and shirleen told daisy that dad was n't normal y early to the table .
` ` shirleen said to wait until she gives you the high sign , '' he told daisy and daisy nodded .
` ` shirleen said to wait until she gives you the high sign , '' he told daisy and daisy nodded .
` ` we got the high sign , '' daisy whispered .
i saw matt , crouched low with daisy in a fireman 's hold over his shoulder .
tod had hold of daisy .
except daisy , she looked pissed , right the hel , off .
according to daisy , coffee makers were pretty serious and daisy knew just about everything .
according to daisy , coffee makers were pretty serious and daisy knew just about everything .
` ` door number three is i do what i want and get daisy to help me avoid you while i ' m doing it .
* * * * * ten minutes after eddie left , daisy strol ed in .
` ` daisy , i ' m okay , '' i said for the mil ionth time that day .
of course , daisy , who knew everything , already had it figured out .
` ` daisy ... '' up came the hand again .
ada was staring at daisy with huge eyes .
i ' m daisy . ''
` ` that 's 'cause you are , '' duke shot back , scowling at daisy .
` ` you do n't have to do it , '' i whispered so daisy would n't hear me , ` ` i'l think of something , i'l get you out of it . ''
then his hand went away and he boomed across the store , ` ` yo , daisy .
i mental y pul ed myself out of the quicksand while daisy walked up to the espresso counter and ordered a mocha , double chocolate , skimmed milk .
i do n't care what those stupid celebrity - mustache ads say , '' daisy told me .
i had n't expected it to be a ` ` we ' situation but then again , with daisy in the mix , it was never anything but .
i turned to daisy , ` ` make the cal . ''
daisy , matt and i marched up to the house ( wel , matt did n't march , after listening the whole way to daisy talk a mile a minute , bouncing around subjects ranging the scope of revenge threats to skincare tips , he fol owed us looking like he 'd much rather be anywhere else , in the middle of another shoot out , having his nails yanked out by the roots , anywhere ) .
i looked to daisy , then back to shirleen .
something scary was going on and i knew it was the truth when matt tensed and daisy 's wide eyes swung to me .
shirleen opened her mouth to speak but daisy cut in , ` ` her man is eddie chavez . ''
before i could answer , daisy got there .
` ` i do n't know what 's so f**king funny , '' i said to them , and maybe it was n't worth the f - word and maybe i should n't have confronted the likes of daisy and shirleen with the f - word , but i was feeling a bit ticked off .
marcus is n't happy because not only is daisy pissed at him , vince is making him look bad .
since he 's lookin ' for al of them , mostly for daisy , this would n't be so bad , ' cept he has to hand them over to me . ''
the door opened and daisy strol ed in , her hair barely tamed by two pigtails sticking out the sides of her neck .
then i turned to daisy .
` ` let 's go , '' daisy ordered and off they trotted .
i pul ed my cel out of my back pocket and scrol ed down to daisy and hit the button .
chapter twenty - five chilli by the time we got to the waiting room , mom , daisy , tex , ada and lottie were there .
then tex engulfed us with his wide arm span and daisy burrowed in , bringing ada with her .
after awhile , daisy took off with ada and trixie in tow and came back with bags fil ed with burgers and fries and more cardboard trays of drinks .
` ` eddie and jet bought that together , '' daisy answered .
once the game was over , daisy got up and declared , ` ` marcus'l be wonderin ' where i am . ''
there was also a very pretty lady who looked a lot , and dressed a lot , like dol y parton ( including the bodacious ta - tas ) named daisy .
everyone ( but daisy ) was wearing jeans ( though daisy was wearing a jeans skirt encrusted with rhinestones at the hem , the pockets and along the seams ) .
everyone ( but daisy ) was wearing jeans ( though daisy was wearing a jeans skirt encrusted with rhinestones at the hem , the pockets and along the seams ) .
this meant i could enjoy myself , maybe a bit too much and maybe a bit too crazily considering the fact that daisy told me a story about her , al y , jet and indy stun gunning some women in a bar that made me double over laughing and nearly pee my pants and tod told me a story about indy lip - synching with him during a drag show that made me shove him in the shoulder and shout ` ` shut up ! ` `
if i 'd been paying attention ( which i was not , i was too drunk to pay attention ) , i 'd have noticed that al the women in my vicinity ( including indy , al y , jet , daisy and trixie ) smiled and al the men ( including hank , lee , vance , mace and eddie ) tensed .
at that point , daisy powered in the door wearing a hot pink , velour , skintight , juicy couture track suit with the top 's zipper unzipped to what could only be cal ed the cleavage danger zone and a braided terry cloth bandana around her forehead , looking like dol y parton halfway morphed into jackie stal one , but younger .
` ` hank 's gon na be f**ked , you ask me , '' daisy giggled and it sounded like tinkling bel s. ` ` i ' ve entered a loony bin , '' i told another unwitting customer , this one a female .
while we were standing in line waiting for my order which consisted of an ultra - sized cheeseburger meal and four extra orders of ultra - sized fries , she said to me , ` ` al right , tel daisy all about it . ''
we walked back a lot slower , mainly because i was consuming my ultra - sized cheeseburger meal and daisy was programming phone numbers into my cel phone ( just in case ) .
the customer crush was mostly gone , daisy and indy were talking at the book counter , duke had disappeared and uncle tex was alone behind the espresso machine .
instead , it told me daisy was cal ing .
i knew that daisy had programmed in tod and stevie when she was fiddling with my phone .
` ` hey chickie , daisy texted me your number .
` ` wel , it 's october and the haunted houses are opening and we 're going , al of us , indy , jet , daisy and me .
` ` hey roxie , daisy gave me your number . ''
i sat in a loud , green , white and yel ow daisy - printed , vinyl chair at his kitchen table .
i knew it would n't happen to indy or al y or daisy or anyone he knew .
* * * * * hank took me to fortnum 's and everyone was there ; indy , lee , al y , daisy , uncle tex , duke , jet and eddie .
i had no time to process my feelings of reassurance as daisy bel ied up to us , looking up at hank .
jet , daisy and i watched them .
` ` do n't worry , hunkalicious , we'l be right on your tail , '' daisy told him and guided me to the door .
i opened my mouth to say something but daisy did n't let me .
` ` that ai n't no f**kin ' flashback , '' daisy replied .
the bad guy jumped out of the way of the bumper and daisy nearly rammed into eddie 's truck , which was pul ing down the al ey behind us .
the man with the gun ran to a car on bayaud and got in as daisy took the turn onto bayaud .
a car was coming toward us and daisy leaned on the horn .
i did as daisy instructed .
my phone final y quit ringing and daisy weaved in and out of traffic , honking her horn liberal y and staying out of the line of a clean shot .
` ` those f**kers shot my mercedes , '' daisy said when i was done talking .
i saw it in daisy 's face and in jet 's but i did n't know what it was .
` ` that 's just it , they were shooting at me but daisy was with me .
` ` i need to cal daisy . ''
i did n't want daisy to be married to a bad guy .
i real y liked daisy .
i wanted daisy to be married to someone like hank .
i asked , ` ` wel , how does that work , with daisy being one of the clan ? ''
` ` daisy knows the score , so does marcus .
` ` roxanne , i like daisy , hard not to like her .
not , i ' m guessin ' , what happened to you but what happened to daisy while she was with you .
before he could say anything , i said quickly , ` ` i ' m so sorry i got daisy shot at .
i like daisy .
marcus did n't blame me for what happened to daisy .
i 'd seen marcus holding daisy the day before .
whatever he was , criminal kingpin , gun dealer , pimp , he loved daisy .
we ' ve got enough stun guns to go around and daisy 's bringing a bodyguard . ''
* * * * * we walked into al y 's and nearly everyone was there but daisy .
the door opened and daisy arrived .
or , i should say daisy arrived .
annette yel ed , completely oblivious to the fact that daisy looked like she was about to step on stage in vegas .
` ` yo , sugar , '' daisy replied .
if you could believe this , annette , jason , jet , daisy and i fol owed in the back of daisy 's limousine .
if you could believe this , annette , jason , jet , daisy and i fol owed in the back of daisy 's limousine .
i ' m having a fancy soiree , '' daisy invited .
` ` fuckin ' a , '' daisy replied .
` ` jet , sugar bunch , i do n't think roxie 's gray , '' daisy put in gently .
daisy was silent because daisy was definitely gray .
i glanced between jet and daisy .
annette and jason were partners , so were daisy and jet ( with daisy 's bodyguard trailing them ) .
people were standing around it , staring at daisy like she was an unknown rock star , likely mistakenly thinking this fuss and muss was about her .
` ` jet , daisy , my f**kin ' sister , come to you with grand schemes , you tel them i ' m handling it . ''
` ` that 's cool , '' annette said to daisy after she smiled at jet .
i had no time to react , as daisy started talking .
they were both looking at annette , daisy , jet and me sitting on the couches .
it was n't rocket science but uncle tex was a dril sergeant and daisy kept gabbing about everything under the sun and over - frothing the milk .
indy , daisy , jet and annette walked up to the counter .
` ` you going to daisy 's gathering ? ''
she was in a bit of a dither about the evening 's dress code as demanded by daisy , and loathe to ask tod for another loaner for fear her tangerine and chocolate wedding would turn into an even bigger nightmare .
indy , al y , daisy , annette , jason , jet , tod and stevie were at two connected round tables .
i pul ed the wrap off and daisy squealed , ` ` sugar , you sure can put the sparkle on . ''
lottie told me daisy showed her al of her moves .
in fact , everyone made sense , daisy , duke , everyone .
emergency wedding summit and then tod 's helping me with an outfit for daisy 's party . ''
i said , expecting just about anyone ; annette , indy , daisy , anyone .
i should have looked before i answered because it was n't annette , indy , daisy or anyone .
i looked up and noticed everyone was watching me ; indy , al y , daisy , annette , tod , stevie and jet .
if she wants gerbera daisies , she 's going to f**king wel have them .
` ` sugar , i ' m talking to marcus to - night , '' daisy broke in .
` ` daisy , '' indy said .
` ` no , i ' m gon na kil him , '' daisy declared .
let 's get you an outfit for daisy 's party , hmm ? ''
her hair was teased out to three times its volume ( compliments of daisy ) and she was wearing a blood red , hoop - skirted formal with black marabou feathers drifting about the bodice .
` ` i love it , '' daisy declared .
i looked over to indy who was behind the book counter , and daisy , who was standing in front of it , both of them were grinning at my mom and dad .
anyway , i heard they started making these eye - talian coffee drinks in miriam 's cafe , '' dad looked over to indy , daisy and me .
indy and daisy smiled .
jet , daisy and indy looked to me .
her eyes moved to daisy .
` ` my party is tonight , '' daisy pointed out .
even daisy blinked under the force of the hot pack stare .
` ` formal party , my house , tonight , '' daisy announced .
` ` what time 's daisy 's party ? ''
come with your bel y empty , i ' m havin ' a secret buffet in the kitchen for vips , '' daisy answered before walking away .
i put my arms around hank as he watched daisy walking away .
chapter twenty - six daisy does n't do boring ` ` holy cow . ''
i was standing outside marcus and daisy 's house , understanding why it was cal ed ` ` the castle '' , mainly because it was a castle , complete with moat .
` ` is daisy wealthy ? ''
i turned to see daisy approaching , dragging marcus with her .
more hugs , air - kisses and handshakes were exchanged as daisy and marcus joined our group .
after we al settled into our huge huddle , daisy leaned forward , waving us in .
one of you has to do something , '' daisy turned to al y , ` ` you 're good at causing a stir .
again , i blinked at daisy and this time , not because i was dazzled .
` ` daisy , i think it 's a nice party , '' i offered .
annette asked daisy when she arrived at our huddle .
you look sweet , '' daisy replied .
` ` i'l show you , mr . logan , '' daisy offered , not in the least upset that her secret buffet was outed by my dad .
` ` indy , lee , al y , daisy , eddie , jet , tod , stevie ... al of them , '' i answered .
women like me , which was i suspected , women like daisy .
marcus did n't look much different and was moving in the same way , his eyes scanning the room , likely looking for daisy .
* * * * * i was sitting on a barstool in daisy 's kitchen , being mother henned by eight women and two g*y men .
` ` wel , sugar , you made certain sure i ' m gon na get a doozy of a write - up in the society pages , '' daisy told me on a tinkling laugh , trying to lighten the mood .
` ` leave roxie alone , '' daisy barreled in , hands on hips .
` ` we 're not done talkin ' about this , '' hank warned me , ignoring daisy .
he asked daisy .
this was what he cal ed them anytime i referred to something said in a chat i had with jet , indy , al y or daisy ( for example , ` ` oh shit , you ' ve been havin ' another rock chick phone chat . ` ` ) .
* * * * * after the big showdown at the castle , we al partied in daisy 's kitchen until we 'd made a sizeable dent in the food and an even more sizeable dent in the champagne stash .
* * * * * friday , hank spent the day at work sorting through my mess with bil y. i spent friday helping out at fortnum 's and alternately dancing attendance on , running interference with and reassuring my mental stability to mom and dad , annette and jason , daisy and a variety of other people who dropped by .
i was standing with indy , al y , jet , annette and daisy .
jane was behind the book counter , indy and daisy sitting on top of it .
indy , lee , al y , jet and daisy stayed close while everyone else wandered away .
` ` daisy .
` ` that ai n't a bad thing , sugar , '' daisy put in .
` ` you ai n't wrong about that , sugar , '' this was obviously daisy .
i turned to look at the front door and indy , jet , roxie , daisy and a beautiful brunette who looked like a female version of lee nightingale were standing there .
` ` stole it , '' clarice declared boldly to daisy .
` ` hey , '' i said to her then turned to daisy .
` ` well , i ' m daisy .
` ` give it to me , i 'll program in my number , '' daisy told her .
street tough clarice , looking a little dazed , gave daisy her cell and the whole time daisy punched in numbers , she talked .
street tough clarice , looking a little dazed , gave daisy her cell and the whole time daisy punched in numbers , she talked .
you got flair , '' daisy went on .
clarice continued to stare and only blinked when daisy handed her back her phone .
` ` may , this is daisy , ally , roxie , indy and jet .
they all did their greetings and daisy repeated , ` ` we got ta talk , girl .
` ` i bet he 's a good everything , '' daisy put in .
then i had this situation where a loan shark was after my dad but came after me , then some other guy tried to rape me and then - '' ` ` i ' m still sorry about that , sugar , '' daisy cut in .
` ` it was n't your fault , daisy , '' jet assured her , taking her hand and giving it a squeeze .
i feel responsible , '' daisy went on .
we 're here for you , '' daisy told me .
` ` shit , '' daisy breathed then swung her head to roxie , ` ` he moves even faster than hank . ''
` ` i 'll do your hair , '' daisy offered .
` ` you got her outfit , '' daisy complained , ` ` you ca n't have her hair too .
` ` she needs more sparkle , '' daisy announced and i could see her out of the corners of my eyes to which jet was applying shadow .
` ` you decided , '' daisy returned .
` ` daisy , give it up .
` ` daisy , that 's just not true , '' roxie put in .
just explore , '' daisy advised .
loosen you up a bit , '' daisy suggested .
` ` but - '' daisy protested .
` ` daisy , '' stevie said quietly , ` ` jules asked us to stop talking about it . ''
they all nodded approvingly except daisy .
` ` needs more sparkle , '' daisy muttered .
` ` shut up , daisy , '' indy said , unwrapping another curl then she gouged some gunk from a jar , rubbed it in her hands , ran her fingers through my hair and mussed it .
` ` told you she did n't need sparkle , '' indy said to daisy .
` ` sugar , you got that right , '' daisy replied .
she was followed , to my complete surprise and absolute mortification , by daisy and roxie .
i faced off against daisy and ignored her soft look .
` ` i have to get to work , '' i announced , stalking to the door but daisy got in front of me and stopped me .
` ` sugar , talk to us , '' daisy grabbed my hand .
i went to walk by her but a strong hand wrapped around my upper arm , ultra - long fingernails ( i noticed , at a glance , they were painted frosty pink with swipes of silver across the tips ) biting into my flesh and daisy turned me back around .
i was now facing a daisy without the kind and gentle look on her face .
this was a serious daisy , serious as a heart attack .
` ` excuse me but we held the goddamned sacred girlfriend ritual last night in your very own livin ' room , '' daisy declared , ` ` complete with margaritas and makeup . ''
` ` he shot him in the ass , '' i told daisy and i had to grin because i still thought it was funny .
` ` i knew that horse ridin ' thing was no urban myth , '' daisy said to indy .
i 'd heard the story but i did n't know it was roxie 's boyfriend or daisy 's party .
` ` that boy has a big mouth , '' daisy put in .
that did n't work either , '' daisy continued .
i actually tried to get them to leave me alone but i thought daisy was going to take me down in a bitch - slapping fight when i told her my life was none of her business .
this was accomplished because it was n't just indy , jet and ally who met me at the mall , roxie , daisy , tod and stevie had come with .
` ` well , that 's damned disappointing , '' daisy muttered from beside me as i gently touched a rose .
` ` i do n't have his number , '' daisy said , but she was still digging through her purse as if she could help .
you need daisy , '' tod said and started looking around the room .
do not call daisy over here .
may asked , pushing close and i could see daisy on her heels .
he 's in deep , you 're in deep and you damn well know it , '' daisy snapped .
jet moved beside me as tod , daisy and roxie formed a huddle close by ( likely to talk about me , i ignored that too ) and ally wandered away ( scarily in a direction that would lead her to vance , i ignored that too ) .
i did the same to him , just as daisy told me to do , if he did something i liked , i should do it back .
` ` you should know that everyone was there when i saw them ; indy , ally , jet , daisy , roxie , even tod and stevie . ''
` ` daisy said you have class . ''
` ` i ' m not certain how to take that , comin ' from daisy . ''
they were checking in and checking up and offering me everything to keep my mind off vance : yahtzee and sparkling wine ( tod and stevie ) ; a movie ( indy and jet ) ; a drunken night of debauchery ( ally ) ; a day at the spa ( daisy ) ; and a shopping spree ( roxie ) .
it was n't just daisy .
it was daisy carrying an overnight bag .
` ` daisy , i ' m in the middle of cleaning the house . ''
` ` yo , daisy , '' he called to daisy .
` ` yo , daisy , '' he called to daisy .
` ` yo , tex , '' daisy called back then she stuck her tongue to the side of her mouth and concentrated on her toenails again .
` ` vance and jules broke up , '' daisy put in .
they 're over , '' daisy shared .
` ` get in here boys , we 're orderin ' pizza , '' daisy called over me .
i asked when i 'd turned to daisy .
hot as you can get it , '' daisy ordered sniff and threw him a pale pink washcloth .
my head swung toward the couches and i saw daisy sitting with clarice .
they both were wearing identical , fluffy , ice - blue , angora , v - neck sweaters , black ( clarice ) and white ( daisy ) cle**age bursting forth in abundance .
` ` please tell me you paid for those , '' i said , walking up to daisy and clarice .
i wondered about daisy 's ability to be a mentor to a sixteen year old runaway .
i did n't know that much about daisy but with what i did know , i decided she 'd probably be a kickass mentor .
` ` do n't say f**k , '' i said to clarice and turned to daisy .
i kept my eyes trained on daisy not wanting clarice in on the is jules a slut or a tease ?
it included may , daisy , roxie , jet , indy , ally , tod , stevie and for some bizarre reason tex .
mouths dropped open except daisy who emitted a tinkly bell laugh .
i liked daisy .
i was heading to the mall when call number three came , daisy .
i flipped the phone shut after listening to daisy telling me about how her masseuse was coming that night .
call number four came about five minutes after daisy .
i was guessing platinum or daisy .
` ` daisy says you 're at the mall . ''
she was on the phone taking orders from daisy who was at fortnum 's where we were heading after arby 's .
indy was behind the espresso counter , jet was walking up to me and daisy was sitting on a couch .
i 'd already decided to lay low until the coast was clear , i did n't need the grumpy middle - aged men posse and daisy telling me what to do .
at the sight of my smile , daisy gave a tinkly bell laugh .
and the mini - miracle worker was daisy .
when i got to my desk , i flipped open my phone and called daisy .
it was weird hearing daisy whisper .
* * * * * ` ` oh shit , i know who this is , '' zip shouted across his gun emporium as daisy and i sauntered in .
` ` zip , '' i said in a soothing voice as daisy and i approached him .
` ` smithie 's , '' daisy replied .
when daisy and i drove up in daisy 's mercedes , i thought we 'd never get in .
when daisy and i drove up in daisy 's mercedes , i thought we 'd never get in .
` ` smithie , sugar , law 's given up the street , '' daisy cut in .
everyone seemed okay with that answer so i looked at daisy and changed the subject quickly .
` ` nothin ' wrong with strippin ' , '' daisy said to tod .
` ` stay out of it , '' one of jackie 's friends snapped at daisy .
smithie was close , standing by daisy , arms crossed , eyes on me .
then she turned on the light and ran to her desk to find daisy 's home number .
first clarice , daisy 's friend came in alone and sat down next to daisy .
when we got close she looked up at vance like pretty much everyone did , like he was a god fallen to earth ( sometimes , normally post - orgasm , i suspected that he was but i never told him that , though i did share my suspicions with ally , indy , jet , roxie and daisy and they 'd all laughed themselves stupid ) .
indy , jet , roxie , daisy , jules ... '' my breath caught .
i was introduced to the rest , a honey - blonde with green eyes and a fantastic smile ( jet ) ; a dark blonde with blue eyes and a great outfit ( roxie ) ; a platinum blonde that looked so much like dolly parton i thought she was dolly for a minute ( including the cle**age and a denim jacket with so many silver studs and rhinestones she lit up the dim room , her name was daisy ) ; the other black lady , older than the girls , with a jacqueline kennedy hairdo ( may ) ; and glamour girl ( jules ) .
i could tell right off that jet , roxie , daisy and may were cool .
` ` it 's always like that , '' daisy told me .
` ` you called it , sugar , '' daisy giggled and it sounded like tinkling bells .
this short story took a lot longer because indy , ally , shirleen , daisy and jules all phoned me while i was telling it to find out if i was okay .
i was guessing jet and roxie got the story from eddie and hank and shirleen , daisy and jules got my number from indy or ally .
indy , ally , daisy , shirleen , jules , jet , roxie , vance , some guy who looked a lot like hank ( who i found out was lee , indy 's fiance and luke 's boss ) and even matt .
you 're cracked , '' she took the phone away from her ear and i heard her talking to daisy then i heard daisy screech .
* * * * * sissy , shirleen , daisy and i rolled up to uncle vito 's house in englewood .
` ` aunt angela , these are our friends daisy and shirleen , '' sissy introduced as we walked into the foyer and angela greeted daisy and shirleen .
` ` aunt angela , these are our friends daisy and shirleen , '' sissy introduced as we walked into the foyer and angela greeted daisy and shirleen .
she was such a premier hostess , she seemed not to have any reaction at all to daisy and shirleen .
we found that he knew both shirleen and daisy .
with daisy , it was understandable if aunt angela knew her .
` ` sugar , you can say that again , '' daisy answered .
` ` me too , '' daisy said .
` ` do n't stop , just go , keep honking and drive , '' daisy advised .
` ` i think we lost him , '' daisy murmured , looking behind her .
shirleen and daisy followed me to luke 's .
i went in and they drove off , daisy behind the wheel of my range rover .
shirleen and daisy were taking it to ` ` a friend '' so he would fix it , thus hiding the evidence from luke that i 'd been out , doing stupid shit and getting into trouble .
` ` and shirleen and daisy ? ''
so are sissy , daisy and shirleen .
we got our coffees , sat on the couch in front of the store window and the rock chicks crowded around , indy , ally , daisy , jet and roxie were all there .
jet gave daisy a look .
everyone being indy , ally , daisy , jet , roxie , shirleen , sissy ( and silent lucky , her bodyguard and my other kidnapper ) , tod and stevie .
` ` that ai n't my favorite part , '' daisy put in .
indy , ally , jules , daisy , roxie , jet and i were up front , right at the stage , shaking our booties like the crazy rock chicks we were .
i shouted toward the stage and daisy was the only one who heard me but a load of people gave me pissy looks for shouting during stella 's ` ` lonesome '' .
even though both daisy and jules made a grab for me shouting at me at the same time to stay back , i evaded them and ran straight into the fight just as luke reared back for a punch .
` ` ava , talk to me , '' daisy urged .
` ` holy crap , ava , say something , honey , '' indy got down next to daisy .
` ` i ' m okay , '' i said , pushing unsteadily to my feet with jet and daisy helping me .
so , of course , i called daisy .
` ` in my car , listen daisy - '' she interrupted me .
` ` daisy , please , tell me , '' i begged .
` ` last night and this morning , luke and i talked a lot , '' i told daisy .
he ` ` fell for jules '' as daisy put it .
` ` that does n't sound good , '' daisy mumbled .
` ` come over to my house , we 'll talk , '' daisy replied on a rush .
` ` i 'll get the girls over - '' ` ` later , daisy . ''
i heard daisy cry before i disconnected .
just like daisy said , i was using that as an excuse to guard my heart .
lee and indy , jet and eddie , hank and roxie , vance and jules , sissy , ally , daisy with a tall , dark - haired , handsome man i did not know standing at her side , shirleen , may , tod and stevie , mace , matt , hector , darius , tex , duke , and some big black dude i 'd never seen before in my life .
daisy stripped and everyone likes daisy .
daisy stripped and everyone likes daisy .
` ` now that daisy 's with marcus , she strip anymore ? ''
` ` i ' m thinkin ' her vibrators are gon na get lonely , '' daisy noted .
` ` that 's because you 're a steel magnolia , sugar , '' daisy chimed in .
jet , roxie , daisy and smithie went to get provisions including stun guns , tasers , pepper spray and handcuffs .
tex , daisy , shirleen , sissy and me took off to pay a visit to winnie .
winnie let go of my hand and looked at daisy .
` ` sugar , luke ai n't gon na be aimin ' at noah 's ass , '' daisy told me .
` ` uh - oh , '' daisy muttered as she stared at the girls heading up the walk .
i whispered toward daisy .
the ringlet girl was clickety - clacking on her high - heeled , bronze , peek - a - boo toe pumps and she was pointing at daisy .
i looked at daisy and daisy was done trying to hide behind tex .
i looked at daisy and daisy was done trying to hide behind tex .
` ` duct taped her to a steel post in her basement , '' daisy shared then went ultra generous with information .
olivia turned to daisy .
` ` olivia , girl , watch your mouth , '' winnie put in but daisy ignored winnie .
it all started when indy stun - gunned you during a bar brawl and she was protectin ' her man by stun gunnin ' your man and you got all attitude , '' daisy carried on .
not that i judge what he 's got ta do to make a livin ' , i just judge the motherfuckers stupid enough to get caught , '' daisy retorted .
` ` sugar , i said it , '' daisy replied .
` ` i could go to the mall too , '' daisy added .
tex scowled at daisy , completely unimpressed .
the thing is , her granddaughter , olivia , showed up while we were talking with winnie and apparently , somewhere along the line , both indy and jet had stun - gunned olivia and daisy got in a catfight with her .
she was n't so happy seeing daisy at her grandma 's place and there was kind of a mini - incident .
we do n't have time for me to describe daisy 's outfit and you ' ve seen tex .
luckily , daisy was right about tod and stevie knowing how to shop .
she 'd rounded the other side of ren and daisy rounded her side .
everyone stared because daisy did not look normal .
i kept looking and saw ally 's mustang behind ren , daisy sitting beside ally , more people in the ( i could n't really see but i suspected they were my sisters ) .
` ` i did n't call her because this is a wedding , daisy .
` ` i can not believe we were n't invited , '' daisy groused .
` ` daisy , girlie , we are invited .
` ` i know , but still , '' daisy gave in but still sounded put out .
it had been transformed and somehow ( you had to give daisy credit , as head party planner she 'd done a bang - up job ) , it was tasteful and elegant .
there was tod and stevie , daisy and her husband marcus , smithie and one of his women lateesha , olivia with winnie sitting by her side , tex and nancy , jet and eddie , hank and roxie , big bobby and his girlfriend carol , matt and his girlfriend daphne , shirleen and darius , hector and some blonde i had n't yet met , mace ( alone ) , monty and his wife gillian , three guys named zip , heavy and frank that i met when i arrived at the party , duke and dolores , ally ( alone too , just as shirleen predicted , she 'd broken up with her boyfriend when he had gone to fbi training ) , and luke and me .
intrigued , i leaned toward daisy .
works for me every time , '' daisy replied .
` ` daisy , you are the shit .
` ` ava just cal ed in , said someone opened fire on her , daisy , al y , indy , tod and stevie .
also indy , her neighbors tod and stevie ( a g*y couple i knew from meeting them at indy 's many parties which i attended back in the days pre - mace ) , ava , daisy ( a new - ish addition to the club , i 'd met her too , she looked just like dol y parton , but a younger version and yes , she even had the enormous hooters ) and al y .
he was standing several feet in front of me , his back to me and , at daisy 's words , his head whipped around .
` ` privacy , '' mace clipped at daisy , interrupting me .
i'l get a first aid kit , '' daisy replied , racing along beside us .
i saw luke cut off our fol owers and declare , ` ` private , '' right before he shut the door in their faces leaving daisy , mace , luke and me in the room .
i know a doctor who'l come here , '' daisy said .
` ` you betcha , '' daisy replied and her eyes found mine .
` ` we'l clean it and daisy 's doctor can stitch it , '' he told me .
luke uncuffed me , the door opened and daisy shot in .
apparently they were at war with some guy named sid and the castle was out of the way , had a security system that included camera surveil ance outside and was ` ` covered '' by an army of men employed by marcus , daisy 's husband ( daisy and marcus lived in the castle , for your information ) .
i took the pain kil ers using a glass of water daisy brought me , got in bed and stared at the ceiling .
we al sat in daisy 's big room .
lee told the tribe that daisy and marcus would be our hosts for the evening and we 'd get our orders the next day .
my eyes wandered around the big round table in daisy 's huge , fantastic kitchen and , for your information , i would love the chance to cook in that kitchen .
but i suspected their attraction for the hot bunch had nothing ( or , if not nothing , than not everything ) to do with the fact that their looks ranged from classical y beautiful ( jules ) , to sultry ( indy ) , to girl - next - door hot ( jet ) , to sassy - girl - next - door luscious ( al y ) , to sophisticated elegance ( roxie ) , to downright sexy ( ava ) , to in - your - face stunning ( daisy ) .
` ` or , better yet , tel your band to sort it out their damn self , '' daisy cut in .
` ` they ca n't , '' i told daisy .
i turned my face from the window and smiled at daisy .
` ` oh sugar , '' daisy whispered and i saw her eyes had tears in them .
` ` do n't cry for me daisy , '' i said softly .
` ` stel a , honey bunches of oats - '' daisy tried to cut in , she was looking over her shoulder .
` ` sugar , that ai n't the half of it , '' daisy added and she sounded excited .
what i could not do was stand in daisy 's living room with a toy guitar in my hands and get through the length of boston 's ` ` more than a feeling '' on beginner level , which meant i only had to master three buttons , without getting ` ` booed off the stage '' .
later , daisy sent one of the be - suited members of the big gun toting army out to get the items on a grocery list i wrote .
` ` daisy gave me some ointment that 's supposed to make it heal and help the scarring .
i was wearing nothing but a white tank top daisy gave me and my white panties .
al i wanted was for time to stop and me and mace to be there , on daisy 's pul out couch , locked together forever .
* * * * * lee and i walked into daisy 's big room .
lee asked on an eyebrow raise , completely unconcerned about daisy pouting , which , given my vast experience with daisy , i thought took precedence .
lee asked on an eyebrow raise , completely unconcerned about daisy pouting , which , given my vast experience with daisy , i thought took precedence .
they were fol owed by daisy carrying a fresh pot of coffee .
` ` i made coffee , '' daisy announced .
` ` i need coffee , '' jules threw in quickly when daisy 's face darkened .
look , daisy by her side .
nobody real y likes donuts anyway , they are n't very fil ing , '' al y declared , going a little over the top but the determined look on daisy 's face spoke volumes .
` ` i'l get the coffeepot , '' daisy whispered , grabbing both nearly empty pots of coffee .
we were al sitting in daisy 's big room .
shirleen , hector , darius ( lee 's other best friend , his now employee and shirleen 's nephew ) and ike had arrived in time for pancakes , making great strides in improving daisy 's mood .
daisy giggled and it sounded like tinkling bel s. i loved daisy 's giggle .
shirleen 's voice was sharp ; she 'd been brought up to date with the battle of daisy 's den .
by the time we walked into daisy 's big room , we 'd backed off .
happy vibe secure , indy , al y , jet , roxie , daisy , shirleen , ava and annette were singing along with me at the top of their lungs and screaming like freaks after every song .
chapter nine sex wax jet i was smiling at daisy , stil high from stel a and the gypsies ' ` ` ghostriders '' which always lasted at least ten minutes ( if not more ) and , no matter how many times we heard it ( which was every time we saw them play ) , they made it fresh , ful of energy and it always brought the house down .
on my way around , i saw that indy , al y , roxie , daisy , ava and annette were no longer post- '' ghostriders '' high .
both men put up with each other for the sake of daisy and my friendship .
before he met me and before i met daisy , eddie had spent some time trying to bring marcus down .
so when he ordered me ( without a greeting , just walked into daisy 's big room and said it , straight out ) to get to the car , instead of mouthing off ( which i real y wanted to do ) , i went to the car .
i grabbed the neck of my guitar and swung it in an arc , moving my hair out of the way with a shake of my head and disengaging the black leather strap ( that had kil er , tiny , daisy flower silver rivets running up each edge , a double threat , girlie but stil rock ' n ' rol ) from around my shoulder .
` ` damn tootin ' , '' daisy put in on a tinkly - bel , girlie - giggle and she knocked her beer bottle against mine .
` ` i bet he did n't , '' shirleen muttered , making eyes at daisy .
this made shirleen , al y and indy burst into gales of laughter and daisy , roxie and jet started giggling .
` ` i did n't see that one , '' daisy muttered .
dixon swung his gaze from me to daisy to shirleen .
he asked shirleen but daisy answered .
my eyes caught on shirleen and daisy , who were sandwiching dixon jones , al of them on the edge of the crowd , al of them looking at me .
shirleen and daisy were smiling .
al y , indy , jet , roxie , ava , daisy , shirleen , annette and even jules was there .
` ` i am so there , '' daisy stated .
my eyes moved to daisy and my breath moved to idaho .
` ` wel , dixon jones thinks we 're your managers with hector being top dog , '' daisy explained .
my brain thought about the idea that an aandr man from black fat records would think the blue moon gypsies needed three managers with two of them being shirleen and daisy and swiftly rejected that idea as seriously unpalatable and spit it right back out .
dixon is meeting with you and the band after your gig at the little bear , '' daisy screeched .
` ` this page is done , sugar , you got to turn the page , '' daisy got close .
` ` bring the band , '' daisy reminded me .
he screeched upon entry just as stel a , daisy and indy came back up front .
` ` divide and conquer , '' daisy charged in .
stel a spent the afternoon alternately arguing with daisy and shirleen ( via the phone ) about dixon jones .
marcus said that once daisy found out about it , she 'd want to be top the heap so he doubled the highest kick in . ''
it was daisy i was staring at now .
when it appeared daisy was waiting for me to confirm this information had sunk in , i nodded and daisy continued , ` ` he reeled back , landed on her couch , blood everywhere .
when it appeared daisy was waiting for me to confirm this information had sunk in , i nodded and daisy continued , ` ` he reeled back , landed on her couch , blood everywhere .
` ` yeah , she ai n't stupid , '' daisy kept talking but her attention went back to her nails .
` ` maybe we can talk about dixon jones when people are n't breaking into houses and bleeding on couches , '' i said to daisy .
` ` life goes on , sugar , '' daisy returned on a shrug .
i decided to ignore daisy reminding dixon jones about the mayhem in my life considering he 'd witnessed most of it and even if it was n't hard to forget , it 'd been in the papers .
it was hot , ` ` daisy put in .
` ` i do n't wan na talk about mace , '' i tried to waylay whatever they had planned but daisy got up , walked to my chair and pul ed me out of it .
` ` listen , guys , seriously , mace and i are over and - '' i started again but daisy ignored me and pushed me down onto the couch .
while daisy was doing this , jet pul ed daisy 's chair close to me and sat on it .
i ca n't believe you know what happened and you 'd let that man go on alone , '' daisy asked .
upon arrival , annette had given me a pink tee with ` ` flower power '' written across the boobs in cartoon daisies and , like al the other girls , i 'd changed in one of the dressing rooms .
before i could reply to daisy , annette shoved in .
i like dining room table sex , '' daisy burst out .
unfortunately , daisy noticed .
` ` daisy and hector have set a meeting on thursday with the aandr guy from black fat records , '' i told him .
` ` so are daisy and shirleen .
` ` okay , i'l cal lana , '' i told al y. al y went on , ` ` they 're gon na stay with daisy 'cause they'l probably want to be together and she 's got plenty of room .
i did n't know how i felt about lana and chloe playing guitar hero with daisy , indy and al y but i had bigger things to worry about .
i knew ( because daisy cal ed and told me ) that lee and tom had picked up daisy , al y , indy , lana and chloe and they were already backstage .
` ` nothin ' much , '' daisy declared nonchalantly and then turned to chloe and lana and screeched .
` ` luke , you got ava and al y. darius , you got shirleen , daisy , lana and chloe .
roam was with clarice who was a runaway too but now she spent a lot time with the tutors , a lot of time with daisy and , even though she was just seventeen , was more like a volunteer than one of the kids .
there came knocking at the door and daisy , lana and chloe were there with mace .
` ` shut up , '' daisy whispered but her voice broke in the middle and we heard a muted sob .
tex relaxed and his arms moved around daisy .
that 's when daisy reared back and started hitting him with her little fists .
` ` we'l have a party after ya'l get back from your honeymoon , '' daisy tried to play peacemaker .
we'l drive by there on the way to daisy 's to pick it up . ''
` ` and daisy and marcus - '' i did n't finish , i squealed because he bent , put a shoulder to my bel y and carried me out of the bathroom .
chapter twenty - six something borrowed stella we were sitting around daisy 's dining room table which was littered with every beauty implement known to womankind from moisturizers to makeup to false eyelashes to bronzing powder to shimmer powder to hair dryers to curling irons plus brushes , combs , teasing combs , bobby pins , hair spray , gel , mousse , pomade , finishing wax and shine elixir .
she 'd had a half dozen bouquets delivered that were the same as indy 's wedding flowers ( pale pink and white gerbera daisies , white roses and pale pink and white peonies ) and these were decorating the room .
his shiny , italian leather shoes clattered on daisy 's floorboards with his frenzied approach .
he gave updates on absolutely everything , including the state of the asphalt of the drive up to cherry hil s country club ( a location that daisy and marcus , as members of the club , arranged for the reception ) saying , ` ` they sealed that crack i noticed last week , thank god . ''
then stevie sat at the table and cal ed , ` ` daisy , i'l take some of that champagne . ''
` ` sure thing , sugar , '' daisy scooted around toward stevie .
indy 's bridesmaids , al y , roxie , ava , jet , daisy , jules and two of her other friends , marianne and andrea were al done up in subtle rosy - cheeked makeup , shimmer powder and beautiful , pale pink , wispy , chiffon dresses with short trains and graceful drapes of material at their arms that looked like they 'd slid down from their shoulders but actual y were meant to be like that .
` ` i'l get my jewelry box , see what i have , '' daisy announced and ran to her dressing room .
juno blinked up at him then shuffled on her bel y closer to stel a. mace straightened from sitting on the side of the bed in one of daisy 's guest rooms ; he switched out the light and walked out the door .
indy and lee , roxie and hank and ren and al y ( the nightingale offspring 's parents , kitty sue and malcolm , were watching cal um and suki , hank and roxie 's kids leah and tex and ren and al y 's daughter , katie ) ; jet and eddie and hector and sadie ( hector and eddie 's mom , blanca , was watching jet and eddie 's brood , alex , dante and cesar and hector and sadie 's daughter lola and newborn son , gus ) ; jules and vance ( jules 's friend may was watching max , sam and harry ) ; daisy and marcus ; sissy and dom ; tod and stevie ; nick ; the kevster ; ralphie and buddy ; tex and nancy ; duke and dolores ; annette and jason ; smithie and lateesha ; tom and lana ; chloe and her husband , ben ; roam and one of his ( many ) girls ( this one was new , i did n't know her name ) ; sniff ( who was alone , for once ) and floyd , his wife , emily , and his two daughters .
i do n't even want to hear about them from daisy or shirleen . ''
indy , al y , jet , roxie , jules , sadie , daisy , annette , sissy and i jumped up and down and screamed like we were fifteen year old groupies .
i knew ally from my not so happy run - in with daisy a few months ago .
i saw daisy , daisy 's eyes turned to polar icecaps when she saw me , she whispered something in ally 's ear , ally 's eyes cut to me and they went hard .
i did n't know exactly why luke , shirleen , indy and ally ( and i guessed kai and stella , although i had n't looked to be certain ) hated me but i suspected it was either because daisy hated me or because they suspected i hated hector chavez .
even though a part of me was jealous as hell , i was glad daisy had that .
that was until daisy .
but nanette hardy was ripping her to shreds at monica henrique 's garden party a couple of years ago , really laying into daisy like only vicious , catty nanette could do .
i called daisy half a dozen times and went over to her house twice .
my father had told me under no circumstances was i to try to communicate with daisy sloan again .
ever the dutiful daughter , i did n't try to contact daisy again .
i wanted above anyone i 'd ever met ( outside daisy ) to say this to hector chavez .
` ` yes i do , but lee ... '' she hesitated because she did n't want to say what she was going to say next then she continued , ` ` you have to know , daisy does n't think much of - '' lee looked down at indy .
` ` phone daisy . ''
is daisy there ? ''
marcus felt an unaccustomed chill slide up his spine as daisy moved , rolled and he felt her eyes on him in the dark .
marcus waited and daisy slid closer .
he got dressed , daisy got dressed and he stood over her while she pulled on her boots .
marcus knew this was a very dangerous pose for daisy to assume .
` ` marcus , honey bunches of love - '' daisy said warningly , losing patience when marcus hesitated .
it was then i jerked my head away , got up on my elbows , looked across the room and saw daisy and marcus sloan standing inside the door .
the minute marcus and daisy appeared was only a moment before the doctor appeared .
for privacy , marcus and daisy quietly left but weirdly , hector did not .
hector or daisy and marcus could walk back in at any moment .
now , hector being there was bizarre beyond bizarre but daisy and marcus being there was bizarre on top of bizarre .
it took all the powers of the ice princess not to open my eyes and tell daisy i was okay which i was not , but some lies were good , i 'd learned that from loads of practice too .
i listened to daisy cry and marcus soothe her for awhile then he said , ` ` you ' ve been here all night .
that was until whenever daisy got back with her magazine .
* * * * * i opened my eyes and saw daisy sitting in the chair where hector slept .
` ` let me get that , '' daisy said softly and i looked at her again .
he opened his mouth to speak but before he could i turned my head and looked at daisy .
` ` i thought i 'd - '' daisy started .
` ` sadie , we 're here - '' daisy started .
` ` thank you , '' i whispered , not looking up , not looking at ralphie or buddy and definitely not hector or daisy .
all of them except daisy but including shirleen jackson .
sucking back lemon drop five , i told them about hector and added on what i knew about the rock chicks , the nightingale men and the cherry on top was my history with daisy .
` ` can you gift wrap that for daisy ? ''
` ` you should know , i never told daisy you came to see her or called her after nanette 's party , '' marcus said .
and also including daisy .
ralphie was talking to lee and hector - relative - guy and now indy and daisy were with them .
my eyes moved to ralphie and he , lee , eddie , indy and daisy were standing further in from the door and they had been joined by a man i had n't noticed before .
four , daisy was at the opposite end of the table from me and even though i caught her watching me once , she looked away the minute i saw her ( this was n't good , exactly , it made my heart hurt a little , but it was safe ) .
then i saw a whirl of motion and daisy was there .
little daisy to the rescue and no prison blues for hector .
the relieved sag lasted two seconds then i straightened and went tense because daisy was n't trying to save hector from a murder charge .
harvey was bent over , sucking in air at the same time trying to ward daisy off .
no one tried to stop daisy either .
finally i yanked free of eddie and ran to daisy , grabbing her from behind by her raised wrist , my other arm going around her waist .
` ` daisy , it 's me , '' i whispered in her ear , holding on tight .
` ` daisy - '' i started .
cautiously , i got close and then , feeling strange , i slid my arms around daisy like buddy or ralphie would slide their arms around me .
by a balducci and daisy was in no shape for anything but whatever a screaming orgasm was .
` ` as far as any of the witnesses were concerned , daisy sloan was simply in on the rescue and , maybe , her nails slipped a bit . ''
my eyes got round as i repeated , disbelief dripping from my words at his stunning prevarication , ` ` daisy was in on the rescue and her nails ... slipped a bit ? ''
` ` and daisy , '' i went on .
shirleen 'll call daisy .
in the lobby were daisy , shirleen , luke stark and a big man with light brown hair and a muscle - bound frame .
when i got within a few feet of her , shirleen crowded in , pulled me away from hector and daisy and gave me a fierce hug .
tex boomed the minute shirleen , daisy , hector and i walked into fortnum 's used bookstore ( buddy was at my apartment with the ` ` lab boys '' ) .
` ` i still wish i had n't missed that , '' daisy muttered .
i turned to daisy .
it was n't fun , reliving what ricky did to me in front of a camera in an interrogation room , even if bex was with me , detective marker was really nice and i knew daisy and shirleen were out in the hall .
thinking that daisy was again my friend , ally intrigued me , indy and jet were sweet and shirleen gave good hugs .
daisy did n't stop me , i would have squeezed the life out of him and you did n't stop daisy , she would have kept on beatin ' him . ''
` ` tex sent over coffees to celebrate your cast being removed , '' daisy told me on a grin .
` ` sadie , sugar - '' daisy whispered gently and at her words the rock chicks and ralphie pulled in ever closer .
and where i could find some peace to decide who was the new me , get used to her and , if i was lucky and i could forget ralphie , buddy , daisy , hector and all that came with them and , maybe , i could be content .
sitting on the edge of my counter was daisy , legs crossed and mouth shouting her ideas ( or , more honestly , her orders ) at ralphie and roxie .
then he turned to me calmly and said , ` ` daisy 'll be over in ten with two specials . ''
she 'd been stalked by an ex - boyfriend , he found her at hank 's house , beat her up and took her for a wild ride across three states before vance , or native american hottie , found her and eventually her ex got his hand shot mostly off ( again by vance ) at one of daisy 's society parties ( i 'd heard about it , but , obviously , had n't been invited ) .
vance and jules were the only other ` ` hot bunch '' ( as daisy called the nightingale men ) and rock chick couple who were married and they had a newborn baby .
while i was thinking this , daisy , ava and roxie took off to the market to get us sandwiches .
` ` you do n't have pigs in a blanket at an art opening , '' daisy said to shirleen .
i felt their eyes on me as well as daisy 's .
shirleen 's arm shot toward daisy and i saw her fingers snap repeatedly but daisy was already digging through her purse .
shirleen 's arm shot toward daisy and i saw her fingers snap repeatedly but daisy was already digging through her purse .
` ` working , '' i replied , wheels had begun to turn in my head as i heard daisy talking quietly on her cell .
uncertain faces watched me , daisy was back amongst the crowd and all their eyes were on me .
my heart was for me and me alone and , obviously , my mom ( when i found her ) , and ralphie and buddy , who i 'd keep contact with of course , and , maybe , daisy and the rock chicks , if i could manage that without the involvement of hector .
a night where she talked about daisy , the rock chicks , going to see lee nightingale , hector being there and how that made her feel .
i looked up at him and his face was blank but his eyes were dancing like he found daisy hilarious but dared not laugh out loud .
roxie called and my gaze slid to her for a smile before daisy started speaking again .
` ` coffee and leave , '' daisy clipped at hector then she turned to the couches where all of the rock chicks plus mace ( who was sitting on the arm of the couch by stella , her back turned to him and resting against his thigh ) , were lounging .
` ` you too , '' daisy ordered mace .
i do n't think so , '' daisy went on .
i knew daisy was a little bit crazy and over the top , but i suspected that was taking her life in her hands .
` ` you can say that again , '' i whispered , staring at daisy .
` ` you 're not talkin ' to sadie about our sex life , '' he told daisy , my body went tense and daisy whirled .
` ` you 're not talkin ' to sadie about our sex life , '' he told daisy , my body went tense and daisy whirled .
yoyo yapped at daisy or hector , i did n't know which , she was wiggling so much , she could be yapping at a random customer , how would i know ?
` ` sadie 's had a rough few weeks , '' hector reminded daisy .
` ` the point of the powwow , hector , is not to shut her down but to sort her out , '' daisy threw back .
smooth move hector divested me of my coffee cup , handed it to the waiting daisy and pulled me into his arms .
seconds after hector and luke left , daisy informed me that she , roxie , tod and stevie had gone shopping .
` ` good lord , '' shirleen muttered and daisy giggled .
jet looked at eddie then her gaze moved to daisy then ava then to me .
` ` you know , sugar , i been through what you been through , '' daisy told me .
it was n't like he asked me out but , every day after it happened he sent me bouquets of daisies .
` ` you have to know , '' ava put in before i could process what daisy said .
` ` you 're holdin ' somethin ' back , '' daisy accused .
ava looked at daisy then at me .
` ` i do n't - '' daisy started , staring at me closely .
` ` but - '' daisy went on .
` ` we 're done here , '' jet told ava and daisy .
` ` we 're not done , '' daisy pushed .
jet , daisy , ava and i huddled as eddie warned jerry , ` ` you got one second to disappear . ''
jet cried , her hand going out to wrap around daisy 's wrist and the now crackling stun gun .
that 's when jet and daisy started to scuffle , both trying to get control of the stun gun .
my eyes swung from jet and daisy to jerry and eddie as jerry went at eddie , advancing quickly .
` ` this is just great , '' i snapped to no one as daisy and jet were grappling for the stun gun next to me , ava was trying to stay out of their way , eddie and jerry kept at it and tex settled in for the show .
at that moment , i had a stroke of luck and daisy dropped the stun gun .
then i straightened , saw jet , ava and daisy grinning at me but i whirled on a flounce and stomped away on my new motorcycle boots .
detective marker was there and so were jet and eddie , indy and lee , hank and roxie and daisy and marcus .
` ` mornin ' sugar , i brought hangover donuts , '' daisy called , waving a glazed in my direction .
roxie asked , sitting by daisy on the couch and leaning toward the donut box .
` ` marcus heard too , i decided to bring the donuts , '' daisy finished .
it was n't until daisy and indy joined us , jet had come out with the fresh pot to give us all a warm up and roxie was holding my coffee and donut while i threw a frisbee for the adorable , cuddly , soft , seriously - over - happy shamus that i realized that i 'd spent the entire morning as me .
eddie , jet , daisy and marcus stayed but only so hector , marcus and eddie could go over what they wanted me to try to get my father to talk about and how i should do that .
i looked at daisy and rolled my eyes .
sensing the change , eddie , jet , daisy and marcus cautiously moved away .
i took daisy and jet aside on hector 's front porch and i whispered to jet , ` ` what does mujer mean ? ''
even the installation had gone easier than normal because daisy , roxie , stella and ava came to help .
and she was definitely not on the guest list and had n't been since the daisy incident .
` ` daisy was invited . ''
vaguely , i heard a gasp that might have been daisy but i did n't have time to look , i was on a roll and kept going .
i dressed in my lucky jeans , a slimfit , long - sleeved , white t - shirt , the black belt with the rose buckle and motorcycle boots that daisy , roxie , tod and stevie gave me .
` ` you call lisette and after i ' m done calling daisy , i 'll call the insurance people .
` ` shit , '' daisy muttered .
even daisy and shirleen did as she ordered which meant shirleen moved to the far more comfortable couch and kept polishing her nails .
` ` tell roxie to pop by the liquor store and get beer , '' daisy finished .
hector took ralphie , buddy , daisy , ally and i in his bronco .
hector was busy but at his arrangement ( which , personally , i thought was ultra - sweet and super thoughtful and worth some sort of payback but i 'd have to think of something other than a building or an island , maybe something that involved lingerie ) , daisy and kitty sue met us there .
i cried a little bit and daisy held me .
i stared at daisy .
the elevator pinged and out surged a bevy of rock chicks led by daisy , shirleen and kitty sue ( rock chick , the first generation , according to kitty sue 's stories ) .
i was wearing a new pair of lucky jeans , a camel - colored , tailored cotton blouse that fit snug up my sides and midriff and showed a hint of cle**age at the opened buttons ( this made hector 's mouth go tight , which was good , since it kept it shut ) , a chocolate - brown suede belt with a heavy silver buckle , a pair of kickass ( daisy 's words ) dark brown boots that were both stylish but also rock ' n ' roll and a chocolate brown suede , two button , blazer .
she , like jules , stella and i ( as well as annette , daisy , indy , ava , jet and roxie 's sister , mimi , being a rock chick , by the by , meant having an enormous wedding party ) was wearing a glamorous , deep green , long , velvet dress , strapless , form - fitting with a sexy slit up the front and an elegant twist of material at the bodice .
i was pleasantly drunk from champagne and totally exhausted from a day of bridesmaids duties ( if i never saw another christmas light again , i would not care , until tomorrow , that was ) and the last two hours of dancing like a wild woman ( mostly with ava and daisy ) to rock ' n ' roll .
` ` you can get away to go shoppin ' with daisy , you can get away to have lunch with me . ''
and i liked him not only because he was a nice guy , but mostly because he loved daisy to distraction .
the first , because marcus knew sadie never talked trash about daisy and he did n't tell her , for reasons i got but were now very distressing .
or like daisy did ( because she had so much love , it leaked out of her pores and you could n't help but feel better if it leaked on you ) .
` ` i thought she 'd been mean to daisy .
his hand soothingly stroking my back ( and i had to admit , i 'd lost it , but it still was soothing ) moved to cup my jaw and he replied , ` ` i know what went down with daisy and sadie , and also sadie and hector , and sadie 's not the kind of girl who lets people in .
shirleen was darius 's aunt , lee 's receptionist , and also a rock chick of the daisy variety ( which meant she was n't attached to a hot bunch boy , but she was a rock chick all the same ) .
indy may be their foundation , daisy and shirleen the emotional support .
before i could reply to tex , daisy shoved up to the front .
in other words , i 'd hit the daisy danger zone .
but daisy was n't done .
before i could explain this to daisy , tex started up again .
i opened my mouth to say something to tex or daisy or all the rock chicks , but i ended up looking at indy and just calling , ` ` indy ? ''
but i had seen the way my mom was with my dad , and marcus with daisy , and any of the rock chicks with their hot bunch boys and learned that give and take was key .
and if you think you do n't come with daisy , jet , roxie , jules , and i could go on , and those men wo n't shut me down because you do , you 're wrong .
i looked to roxie , my gut clenching , as daisy asked , ` ` who 's this kristen ashley person ? ''
` ` my guess , '' tod took his attention off indy and looked at daisy , ` ` it 's a made up name .
i turned and watched daisy charge in wearing a skintight baby pink juicy couture track suit with the hoodie unzipped so far you could see the lace of the cups of her bra .
she did n't reply , and i knew i was getting it from daisy when she kept up her charge right behind the espresso counter , grabbed my hand and dragged me out toward the bookshelves .
and daisy was not carrying a purse and her tracksuit did n't afford any opportunities to hide anything , but even without a stun gun handy , daisy found ways to get her way and i was n't in the mood for a catfight in the w - x - y - z section .
and daisy was not carrying a purse and her tracksuit did n't afford any opportunities to hide anything , but even without a stun gun handy , daisy found ways to get her way and i was n't in the mood for a catfight in the w - x - y - z section .
i was seeing that i needed to be far more thorough in my instructions in the future as daisy kept talking .
` ` daisy , i can't- '' her hand went back up and she immediately started talking .
the one and only charity function daisy gave ended up in a standoff complete with firearms .
and that was the only way daisy knew how to do hair .
and those who drank cosmos ( and they might have big hair , but not daisy big ) .
` ` daisy , honestly , this is n't a bad idea , '' i told her , and her blue eyes lit up .
i decided to focus on the rock chicks finding ways to be involved and provide support that would not lead to their hot bunch boys losing their minds , and not scary words like ` ` our , '' and i smiled at daisy .
i looked down at daisy , she looked up at me and we hustled out of the books .
she turned to me , took in both daisy and me , and cried , ` ` fuckin ' phat ! ''
` ` sistahs , this is ally nightingale and daisy sloan . ''
i had no choice but to look away and when i was able to focus , i saw daisy had not missed a beat and was standing beside me striking a pose and giving them a face set in ` ` smolder . ''
` ` you need to take them to thornton to the haunted house thing where billy caught up with roxie , '' daisy advised .
` ` mm - hmm , that one 's good too , '' daisy agreed .
` ` oo , sugar , that one 's way good , '' daisy again agreed .
` ` ohmigod , '' the woman breathed to the one at her side , ` ` daisy called me ' sugar ' . ''
the woman lifted her shoulders up to her ears and her eyes went dreamy , not like daisy was calling her sugar , but like channing tatum had just kissed her cheek .
` ` anyone but daisy , tex , jet and me ? ''
what 's not done is the fact that daisy is looking for office space to rent and i ' ve tentatively taken her on as my receptionist . ''
i 'll be sitting down with daisy after luke and ava 's wedding to organize a business plan , and shortly after we 'll be actively recruiting clients . ''
on ring three , daisy answered , ` ` everything good , sugar ? ''
my eyes got hot and my voice was husky when i requested , ` ` please , daisy .
i so freaking loved daisy .
` ` okay , daisy . ''
i opened my eyes and stared at the early morning light peeking through daisy 's curtains .
but i did it in daisy 's pillow so she nor marcus would hear .
this meant daisy nor hank and lee had shared with anybody , except my brothers told their wives .
my first trial was when i hit daisy 's huge kitchen to find daisy at the counter beating something in a bowl and smithie and shirleen sitting at daisy 's kitchen table .
and in bracing , i did n't see daisy , shirleen and smithie giving each other wide - eyed looks .
ally , '' daisy called .
` ` daisy 'll teach you . ''
but soon as i can , i 'll work with daisy .
i looked to daisy to see her making her way to the table balancing three plates up one arm with the other hand carrying a bottle of syrup .
i looked back at smithie , ` ` you need to set up an account with daisy .
she 'd done this , my kickass daisy .
god , freaking loved daisy .
shortly after , i ate five of daisy 's pancakes .
` ` then i got a call from daisy , up in my shit .
` ` and do n't bother calling daisy .
totally loved daisy .
i was likely taking pole dancing classes from daisy .
` ` no , '' daisy ( in baby blue ) stated , dragging marcus to our group and stopping .
` ` well , all right , '' daisy chimed .
so that marcus can give daisy what she needs , the family that comes with the rock chicks , without that tension or any shit hangin ' over their heads , he 's been growin ' the legit side of things , lettin ' go of the other .
` ` did a stint in juvvie 'cause of the skills i got to get us in , '' daisy answered .
i decided that i needed to discuss this with daisy so she could teach me those skills , then she motioned to me .
` ` no oatmeal , '' shirleen said before i could answer daisy .
` ` daisy , '' i took a step toward her , ` ` i think dad 's got an old desk in the garage .
other than that- '' i said no more because daisy snapped , ` ` what ? ''
` ` and the right message is also cherry wood , '' daisy proclaimed .
and whatever paltry sum i have after that i 'll need to use to live on until daisy and i make a go of this . ''
i nodded again then told him , ` ` you need to keep track of your hours and get in touch with daisy to set up a contract .
not to mention , agreeing meant we 'd stop discussing it so i could get shopping , get to lottie , get to daisy 's to take my stripper class then get to my brother 's office for the meeting .
once at the castle , i discovered that daisy had one of her many rooms set up with a stage that had a couple of poles .
after both of them showed me some moves , however , daisy put on some music .
you wo n't sway him your way if daisy is standing in between . ''
that was me , the afternoon after tex and nancy 's wedding , standing on daisy 's stripper stage at her house , wearing a robe daisy just threw over my shoulders that i 'd pushed my arms through , tying the belt tight .
this meant that sitting around daisy 's stage in chairs she got marcus 's boys to drag in were indy , jet , roxie , stella , sadie , daisy , shirleen , annette , tod , buddy , lottie , nancy , ada , smithie and one of smithie 's three women ( yes , three ; do n't ask , just know it works ) lateesha .
this meant that sitting around daisy 's stage in chairs she got marcus 's boys to drag in were indy , jet , roxie , stella , sadie , daisy , shirleen , annette , tod , buddy , lottie , nancy , ada , smithie and one of smithie 's three women ( yes , three ; do n't ask , just know it works ) lateesha .
after all these compliments , daisy gushed , ` ` momma 's so proud , '' on a sideways hug .
i moved my smile to her then everyone moved as we heard daisy order , ` ` make way !
they made way and i saw daisy coming through carrying a big red box with a huge black satin bow .
` ` you 'll do great , '' daisy said softly to me .
i just started to move , everything lottie and daisy taught me flowing through my veins .
go over office furniture catalogues with daisy .
she 'd been sending photos of the furniture daisy had narrowed it down to ( with the word ` ` narrowed '' used loosely ) to ralphie .
` ` that 's the seventeenth no , '' daisy returned irritably .
` ` photo text from ralphie , '' she murmured , hit her screen again then turned her phone to daisy and me .
` ` daisy , you know they probably have all the photos on the website .
` ` tell him to keep track of his hours and we 'll sort something through daisy with smithie . ''
but i was going to tell daisy the next day to fit that line item in our budget .
i also had my phone in my hand and saw that i had texts from various rock chicks ( roxie asking me if i wanted to go shopping ; jules telling me her uncle nick was going to look after max , vance was on the path of some dude who skipped bond , so she asked if i wanted to go to a movie ; and daisy asking if i wanted to come over and do home facials ) .
i wandered out of the books , got to the front and saw daisy with her juicy couture covered ass in a couch with a laptop on her lap surrounded by jet , roxie , stella and sadie ( not in juicy couture , and stella 's awesome rock tee was making me nostalgic for my collection that was destroyed by an explosion ) .
sadie moved to an armchair so i could squish between daisy and stella .
` ` here 's one , '' daisy stated then clicked .
i looked across daisy to roxie .
` ` daisy ?
there were two more , one in daisy 's space , one in the extra office .
there was also a printer box , scanner box and a fax machine box as well as boxes holding routers and other it shit in daisy 's space .
then her friend came in and chatted with daisy .
namely , daisy and shirleen going at it .
shirleen shouted , hands on hips , leaning across daisy 's desk toward daisy .
shirleen and daisy pissed with their eyes to me ?
` ` daisy is n't a suck up .
` ` they 'll see daisy in action and get ideas . ''
i was n't certain that lee 's boys even knew daisy worked for me .
` ` i am , '' daisy declared , sitting her ass , encased in a skintight green skirt , down in her office chair .
shirleen narrowed her eyes on daisy , and i cautiously got closer to the desk .
` ` so you came over and picked a fight with daisy ? ''
she pulled in a breath , looked at daisy , looked at me then declared , ` ` sniff 's got a girlfriend . ''
but daisy ( as always ) was in the mood to share .
` ` that says it all , '' daisy answered .
` ` doin ' the business does n't require the man to have his legs open , '' daisy muttered , and shirleen swung her glare to her .
` ` personally , i think we should ask one of the hot bunch , '' daisy stated , her hand reaching to the phone on her desk .
` ` daisy girl , put that phone down , '' shirleen demanded .
shirleen 's hand darted out , pulled the receiver out of daisy 's and slammed it in its base while daisy 's head snapped back and she yelled , ` ` hey ! ''
marcus and daisy .
i 'll tell daisy she needs to refer out now inappropriate ones .
i was going to go back to the kitchen to help indy but daisy , snuggling a sleepy tallulah , stella and mace 's first ( and only , so far ) , caught me .
not to be left out , leah leaned over and covered my hand on daisy 's mouth .
a drowned - out tinkly bell giggle escaped the three hands ( two of them tiny , but still ) and daisy , eyes now dancing , nodded .
tallulah put her hand over daisy 's mouth again .
in it were jet , roxie , jules , ava , stella , sadie , daisy and shirleen .
royce picked a daisy and handed it to her , causing another familiar blush to creep up her cheeks .
there were neat hedgerows lined with some kind of pink wildflowers and yellow daisies everywhere .
then i picked up a bouquet of daisies before i went to the beach .
daisies had been the one thing about my time with tripp that i had n't been able to let go of .
once a week , tripp had daisies waiting for me somewhere .
he 'd told me daisies reminded him of me .
when jace had given me roses the night he told me he could n't lose me and that i was more than just sex for him , that he loved me , i had told him that daisies worked better on me .
from then on , he had gotten me daisies , never knowing his cousin had given me daisies first .
from then on , he had gotten me daisies , never knowing his cousin had given me daisies first .
` ` i brought daisies , '' i said .
` ` i know it was you who always gave me daisies , but i needed to bring them to you today . ''
` ` i never told you why i loved daisies .
but i loved daisies . ''
` ` i loved daisies because , before you , before us , i had a love that was big .
i did n't know how to tell you about tripp ... '' a daisy blew free of my grasp , and i watched it drift away , then tumble along the white sand before a wave pulled it out into the water .
i looked back down at the daisies in my hand and bent down to place them on the sand .
i stood up , leaving the daisies on the sand until each of them was caught by the water and pulled away .
letting go of my hand , he stopped in front of a door that had three large daisies with pink petals drawn on it .
` ` that will be all , daisy . ''
` ` good heavens , daisy , what is the matter ? ''
stepping into the elegant room she swiftly noted daisy standing beside the settee and the housekeeper standing by the heavy chimneypiece with her hands upon her hips .
` ` now , what was it you wished me to see , daisy ? ''
nearly hopping up and down in her excitement daisy clapped her hands together .
` ` daisy , will you have everything taken to the workroom ? ''
` ` i think her name be daisy . ''
poor daisy had not bothered to hide her growing concern at simone 's uncharacteristic bout of brooding .
` ` daisy , you should be abed . ''
` ` well , as to that , i must say that life would be a good deal duller without them about , '' daisy reluctantly conceded .
` ` i think that i shall go to bed now , daisy , '' she said , knowing the maid would remain to prod her into eating the pastries if she did not send her on her way .
and while his strength was rapidly draining from his numerous wounds , his adversary was as fresh as a f**king daisy .
she was as likely to sprout daisies out of her ears as she was to magically open some mystical door .
she demanded , regarding the large four - poster bed with its thick quilt and hand - carved dresser that held a vase of fresh daisies .
proving her instincts right dante strolled around a large mound of daisies to offer her a charming smile .
her gaze lingered on the heat detectors hidden in a clump of wild daisies .
indifferent to his strange litany , nefri led him out of the sinkhole and straight across the meadow , the clinging mud flaking off her jeans and sweater to leave her looking as fresh as a f**king daisy .
as fast as roke might be , he was weakened and forced to carry her while his clansmen were obviously fresh as freaking daisies .
and then ... then she was standing in this meadow that was filled with buttercups and daisies and tiger lilies along with lilac bushes to add to the dazzling display .
` ` and you think you 'd be a good daisy buchannan , then ? ''
i saw your submission a week ago and thought you looked like a perfect daisy .
chester was sitting up and smiling , as chipper and alert as a daisy .
outside of work , she was fresh as a daisy , with her dark hair loose around her shoulders and a pale dress hanging below her knees .
his size alone was vaguely threatening , and that grim expression did n't make her think of daisies and daffodils , either .
cheerful daisies sat in squat vases on each table , and photography and artwork dotted the walls .
robin picked a bunch of daisies and started tying them together .
` ` a daisy crown for the eye spy queen . ''
` ` do you want to put your daisy crown on now ? ''
robin picked up the ring of daisies and placed it on skylar 's head .
` ` this is my favorite ; it 's a pom daisy . ''
` ` a pom daisy ?
the doors open , and instead of the shrine it had been only months before , it was empty except for a small white arch decorated with a rainbow of daisies .
but the thought of booker making love to this daisy duke lookalike in the room next to hers stole katie 's appetite .
then , from the corner of her eye , she saw daisy duke open her purse and write down something that was apparently being dictated to her by booker , and katie felt her smile wilt .
` ` i just ... i came over to tell you that ... '' her eyes slid to the blonde and she tried to ascertain whether daisy was as pretty up close as she seemed from far away .
we two have run about the slopes and picked the daisies fine .
i sang for aunt mary and daisy and for all the people who could n't sing anymore .
may 's too - straight back told her tale of woe , while daisy darrow had gifts from three boys , and the delicious drama of a tussle on her porch , too , when they bumped into each other at midnight , all surly fists and mayhem .
` ` i thought caleb would kill harry , '' said daisy , eyes shining with the thrill of it .
so , when she jumped on the stool with her daisy duke shorts and barely - there shirt and said , ` ` hey handsome . ''
the door to the camper opens and rhea 's mom , daisy , comes out .
we walked past a couple of tables and i heard a laugh that sounded a lot like daisy 's , rhea 's mama , but again i pushed the thought away .
` ` how 's eddie , daisy ? ''
i did n't realize that working on project daisy is what paid the bills . ''
i did n't want this to happen but i could n't keep quiet any longer about my dad and daisy .
` ` and with daisy of all people ?
` ` screwing daisy in our house is my business , dad . ''
he ends up pinning all his hopes on daisy because she made him feel something . ''
' although , it did come in handy the other day , when i pretended to bump my arm into this bitch , daisy miller , when i was on my way to the main office .
i went to high school with daisy miller and she was a bitch like violet said , but everyone let her walk all over them , except for me , but i never took shit from anyone .
' but you were still dating daisy then ? '
all looks aside , you are a thousand times a better person than daisy will ever be .
' and second of all , you 're a million times more beautiful than daisy will ever be . '
my cheeks heat , but i start to think about if he ever used that line on daisy and my elation sinks .
but then i realize that it does n't matter what happened with daisy because he and i are here and he 's mine now , not hers .
she had a bouquet of white daisies and a smile that was bigger than i had ever seen .
savanna had planned on riding daisy , her horse , up to the barn .
i decided to make daisy her own little corral with a little white picket fenced in area .
i did n't say much on the way over to where they had daisy waiting for me .
as daisy and i followed the buggy , i could hear bella calling out for me .
miranda and bella climbed out of the buggy and came to stand near daisy .
there was no doubt in my mind that he was going to be happy to see daisy again .
my greatest fears were confirmed when we opened the door and only saw daisy in her stall .
when i made the drive home , i would always stop and see daisy , my morgan quarter horse mix .
` ` do you think you can help me see daisy ?
did the mitchell 's leave and i can come see daisy ?
i am asking for you to do me a favor just like i am doing a favor for you with daisy .
i will probably just go out and spend time with daisy . ''
my body was still achy , but being with daisy and at the hole seemed like it would be a good time .
besides , daisy would really like the ride .
it was a surprise to see daisy all saddled up waiting for me just outside .
i started to get up on daisy , but the pain was so bad that i could n't get my legs up into the stirrup .
there was a large patch of grass just a few feet away from the pond , so that daisy could graze while we fished or sometimes swam .
i got daisy hooked to a tree close to him , but not close to where they would get tangled up .
i opened my mouth to say something and she pulled away and started making her way toward daisy .
colt helped me get daisy back into the barn and fed .
i just wanted to be with daisy .
savanna headed right into the barn to be with daisy and i made my way toward the corn field .
chapter 26 savanna i spent the rest of the afternoon with daisy .
i stood up and decided to go out to see daisy .
i no sooner got into the barn when i saw ty standing with daisy .
i stood on the other side of daisy and ran my hands down her braided mane .
we can pick up all of your things and stop by the farm to get daisy .
my aunt wanted us to stay for dinner , but daisy was too wound up to attempt moving her later .
i closed my eyes and dreamed of her running in a field of daisies , with her father 's crystal blue eyes looking back at me .
i stopped by the florist and bought two bouquets of daisies .
she took the wildflowers and the clump of mistletoe she was still holding and began to twist them , as if she was going to make a daisy chain with the green stems and colorful petals .
it was yellow with white daisies all over it .
all i knew was that i 'd driven my roommate daisy to work one afternoon and i 'd settled down to study .
thirty minutes later , we went to the gas station where daisy worked and they grabbed her , too .
later , i was told that daisy 's boyfriend was mixed up with the wrong people , and that was why she had been taken .
i had been taken because i had daisy 's phone ... and because i had a pretty mouth .
me and daisy were hauled onto a private plane , and before long , i was dragged in the back and raped by the ugly one .
i was terrified , not only for myself , but for poor daisy , who was utterly sheltered and innocent .
finding me and daisy would take time , i told myself .
no daisy .
it 's nick and his girl daisy , who happens to be regan 's best friend .
` ` put daisy on the phone . ''
if it were n't for daisy , regan would never have been kidnapped .
` ` daisy , sweetheart , that dour ukrainian keeping you happy ?
when daisy begins to cry , i want to crush the phone in my fingers .
nick and daisy .
` ` she can go to one when she 's back in minneapolis , '' daisy muses .
my roomie , innocent daisy , is the one that sent daniel ?
` ` thank god , '' daisy is babbling in my ear .
i have n't met him personally but i ' ve seen him a few times in the hallway of the apartment building , and innocent daisy is head over heels for the guy .
it 's so strange to hear those words come from innocent daisy 's voice , but she 's not apologetic about it .
` ` they sold you off to someone , '' daisy continues .
` ` daisy , sweetheart , why do n't you put nikolai back on the phone ? ''
i ' m trying not to , but the truth is i ' m burning with bitterness at my conversation with daisy .
no one 's expecting you to be shitting daisies right now .
` ` how come you did n't want to talk to daisy ? ''
why were you short with daisy ? ''
he ca n't be running around down here in rio because if his name leaks then he 's on the run again , along with daisy .
i mean , i like daisy , and it sounds stupid after all that i ' ve been through that being abandoned by her hurts worse . ''
she nods slowly , as if she 's trying to rearrange her internal feelings toward daisy .
so no , nick ca n't be running around the slums looking for blonde girls from the u.s . when he 's supposed to be dead , and daisy ... well , there is n't anyone less suited for doing the rescue of her best friend .
` ` you know , you have daisy fooled . ''
` ` how do you know daisy and nick ? ''
` ` daisy answered my ad for a roommate .
` ` daisy seems ...
when you and daisy were kidnapped , i knew it was my opportunity to do him a solid , so he 'd owe me . ''
nick , daisy , and i take care of sergei petrovich .
` ` i 'd take you over daisy in a horror movie any day . ''
i ca n't imagine daisy in here . ''
sweet , adorable little daisy with the innocent blue eyes that went so wide every time something broke down in our old , beat - up apartment .
` ` daisy , '' daniel begins , ` ` do n't ... '' but it 's okay .
it 's just daisy , fragile little daisy with her big cornflower blue eyes and dark hair and round , innocent face .
it 's just daisy , fragile little daisy with her big cornflower blue eyes and dark hair and round , innocent face .
he 's giving me faintly concerned looks as i hug daisy for a long time , checking to see if i ' m okay .
i nod at him and hug daisy back .
she smells clean and fresh and as wholesome as ever ; and i feel a little better knowing that through all of this , daisy has remained as innocent and as lovely a person as she ever was .
it feels so good to have daniel behind me , his hand on my back to let me know that he 's here , and daisy chattering away in front of me .
i 'd been scraping by with scholarship funds before daisy moved in to pay her share .
maybe it 's daisy 's aghast expression or the fact that daniel 's so naughty to call me that in front of her , but i lose it .
daniel chuckles and his fingers brush my cheek affectionately while daisy looks at me like i ' m crazed .
the look on her face is kind and sweet and so totally daisy that i want to hug her all over again .
` ` thanks , daisy . ''
then daisy heads down the hall , and i ' m alone with daniel and my new apartment key .
` ` that was nice of daisy , '' daniel says in a careful voice behind me .
` ` but do n't you want to go see daisy and nick ? ''
we do n't make it back to daisy 's apartment for well over an hour .
somehow , i think daisy was expecting that .
well , fuck daisy , i think , but i pull on my trousers and join the surly ukrainian and his farm girl for dinner .
the only project he did n't complete was his last one because he had to run off to rescue daisy in russia .
it was a wedding gift for him and daisy , although they have n't gotten married yet .
it 's a joke , a reference to when nick asked me dating advice when he was stalking daisy .
i took an impromptu vacation with my roomie daisy to cancun , hit my head while cliff diving , and daisy thought i 'd drowned .
when daniel and nick are busy working on the apartment building , daisy goes shopping with me or runs errands with me or whatever needs to be done .
i do take daisy with me , though , because i do n't like to go anywhere alone .
i pat his back awkwardly and give daisy a helpless glance as mike hugs me and blubbers on my shoulder .
i notice that he starts to close the door to his apartment behind him , blocking our view , and i fight the urge to giggle when sweet little daisy rolls her eyes at this move .
i hear his blubbering goodbye as daisy and i walk down the hall .
i spot a vase with daisies on the table .
and pin the center of the daisy to the far wall .
melanie brings me the brownie as i unpin the daisy , and as she hands over the sweet , i hand her the flower .
i do n't even comment on the box he holds , or the gerbera daisy he 's loosely holding in his hand , like the one he pinned to the wall in my parents ' home .
large pots filled with chrysanthemums , orchids , daisies and lilies loomed in the shadows .
chloe tried to envision jack winters as a delicate blossom in a field of daisies .
the bright yellow and white daisies were gone .
when i left this morning , there were daisies in that vase .
they were roses , and in my current getup , i was a daisy .
she had told him that he could call her daisy .
cool , dank air , scented with roses , carnations , calendulas , daisies , and baby 's breath wafted across the shop .
he gave graham and misty an innocent look , or as innocent as he could with a clump of angelita daisies drooping from his mouth , their yellow heads bobbing in the sunshine .
short and about sixty pounds overweight , daisy had a round face , big brown eyes , and a nervous smile .
a ring of small plain stones , each sitting a few feet apart from each other , circled the house , and both daisy and tulip kept well away from it .
they have daisy ! ''
who has daisy ? ''
` ` she fell and yelled at me to run , so i ran- '' the scarred blond man pulled daisy forward .
` ` they will hurt daisy now .
they flipped daisy over on her back .
the back of daisy 's head was a bloody mess .
she was alive , she was talking and walking , and now she was dead , and daisy was dead with her .
looks like they popped daisy in the head , shot eleonore , took your fellow , and set the house on fire .
she was too late for eleonore and daisy , but there was still a life they could save .
` ` they killed daisy , who was barely twenty , and her fifteen - year - old sister watched her die .
charlotte looked at him because looking at daisy 's and eleonore 's bodies hurt .
` ` i ca n't bring daisy back to life , sweetheart .
` ` you killed daisy , '' she said .
` ` they killed her , and they killed a young woman , daisy .
they killed eleonore and daisy , and burned your house because that 's what they do .
that meant many more dead daisies and eleonores , many more tulips , weeping over bodies .
and then they killed her , and they killed daisy . ''
anything to keep eleonore and daisy from dying .
fresh as daisies . ''
maggie , whom he 'd called daisy in intimate moments , had been gone from him five years now .
` ` talking to you does make me feel better , daisy .
` ` her name is daisy , '' catriona said , with the scorn only a nine - year - old could muster .
` ` it truly is beautiful , daisy .
she hugged daisy close , burying her face in the doll 's golden hair .
red gerbera daisies and white roses , woven with a red ribbon .
the garland of daisies and roses had fallen halfway over one blue eye .
and daisies arc growing in the streets and london will never see fog again . ''
roman walked next to me , his stride brisk , looking fresh as a daisy .
a very menacing black daisy .
remember sir percival montague , daisy ?
seven years to this day you left me , daisy .
margaret mcbride , maggie or daisy to those closest to her , had died of a fever that threatened to take sinclair 's children as well .
i trust you , daisy ...
he 'd never , not even the day she 'd slipped away , declared flatly that daisy was dead .
the thing is , daisy , sinclair said silently , setting down the photograph and tucking the covers around his son , i think you would have liked her .
` ` she 's daisy .
the ones that mentioned daisy specifically he put into a box at home .
they 'd survived it ; daisy had not .
the first year daisy had gone , sinclair had barely been able to breathe normally for any stretch of time .
he blames me for taking daisy away from him .
i met daisy in rome , when i was on leave - we were married by the end of the second week we knew each other .
tonight sinclair had put out all the lights and pulled the drapes , so that darkness coated his bedroom , but he turned his head and gazed straight at daisy 's photograph .
` ` when maggie ... daisy ... when she was ill , a nurse stayed with her .
when you 're ready for me to move on , i know you 'll tell me , he 'd said in his thoughts to daisy , and then bertie had bumped into him .
the loch and hills could soothe him , even if sinclair had hated the place the first year or so without daisy .
sweet daisy was n't what she pretended to be , was she ?
the words about daisy , sinclair 's wife , could mean anything from she 'd been a murderer to she 'd lied about where she 'd gone to school .
by all accounts , everyone in this house had loved daisy , including sinclair .
` ` miss margaret davies - also known as daisy , my wife - was a thorough scoundrel and a liar .
she thought about the photographs of daisy mcbride , the quiet beauty of her , but with a twinkle in her eyes that said she had n't been meek and mild .
` ` when i met daisy , she was trying to fleece me out of a good deal of cash .
what daisy was and what she became were two different things . ''
well , when daisy was sixteen , she rebelled .
` ` i met daisy in rome , where she was there with her lover , and as i say , they tried to fleece me .
they told me daisy 's mother was very ill - dying - but that daisy did n't have enough money to go all the way back to ireland to be with her .
they told me daisy 's mother was very ill - dying - but that daisy did n't have enough money to go all the way back to ireland to be with her .
i offered to buy the train and boat tickets for her , but she and her lover - they said they were married - told me they were n't certain daisy 's mother would n't be moved to london , and they 'd rather not have tickets they could n't use .
so i gave daisy enough to buy the tickets herself .
i told daisy that the best way i could help her was to marry her and take her out of the country .
i took daisy back to my company with me , found the chaplain , and had him marry us .
i expected daisy at every turn to run away from me , now that her lover had been taken , but she never did . ''
` ` he knew daisy ran away but never who with - she never told them about james .
` ` cat was born one year and two months after i married daisy , '' sinclair said .
i have never been good with children , and when i lost daisy ... '' sinclair stopped , swallowed .
she looked so like daisy , with her dark hair and irish blue eyes and dark lashes - as the saying went , eyes put in with a smutty finger .
cat had shared her mother 's liveliness until that terrible day daisy went away .
` ` that i 'd let you take my daisy , and that would be the end of it ? ''
the man had ruined daisy 's life - it had taken sinclair and daisy years to put it back together again .
the man had ruined daisy 's life - it had taken sinclair and daisy years to put it back together again .
he 'd coerced daisy all those years ago , stealing away a spirited young woman and breaking her into tiny fragments .
` ` no wonder your daisy ran away from him . ''
it was n't a bouquet of daisies or freshly picked tulips or anything close to perfect ; it was all she could do right now , but it seemed somehow appropriate all the same .
` ` i can hear daisy barking .
` ` the prize for winning first place in the competition is lessons with daisy delaney , right ? ''
and you definitely ca n't let it ruin your chance of impressing daisy delaney .
then he said around the celery , ` ` lessons with daisy delaney . ''
` ` daisy delaney ! ''
i am old and out of it , as you 're so fond of telling me , but even i know who daisy delaney is .
her fear of heights is so bad that daisy delaney 's going to think she 's a beginner . ''
` ` but if you 're good enough to win a contest in snowfall , '' mom went on , ` ` and you have a foot in the door with daisy delaney , you have as good a chance of going pro as anybody .
get your own lessons with daisy delaney .
like josh had warned me , my little baby snowboarding career might end in a stupendous crash when i took my first lesson with daisy delaney and she discovered i was afraid of heights .
hayden won lessons with daisy delaney , right ?
hell , pit daisy delaney against mason aguirre . ''
he then created a range of daisy delaney slap - downs with every famous male snowboarder he could think of .
maybe i could do the jump this time , and then i would n't have to worry about daisy delaney challenging me in the back bowls .
if you really want a pro boarding career , sounds to me like you 'd better get over your fear or throw away your chance to impress daisy delaney .
you just ca n't throw away this opportunity with daisy . ''
to impress daisy delaney .
` ` daisy delaney would be halfway down the mountain by now , '' called josh .
` ` you expect daisy delaney to wait for you to meditate every time you go off a cliff ? ''
i won lessons with daisy delaney , but i had to snowboard off a cliff to get any benefit from them .
now , with your lessons with daisy delaney coming up soon , have n't you changed your mind ?
i got daisy delaney to come over from aspen , and her boyfriend , who 's also a pro .
i decided right then that daisy was going to be fun to hang out with , and i could learn a lot from her .
` ` you 're neck and neck , '' daisy called from where she stood with the other judges .
when i boarded even with him , i asked , ` ` did you get all that with me and daisy ? ''
` ` i saw them talking to daisy delaney earlier .
i smiled , remembering the sunny afternoon we 'd spent boarding with daisy delaney and her boyfriend .
the photo showed the lead singer , quentin , patting the daisy dukes - clad booty of the group 's trashy bleach - blond fiddle player , erin , while the drummer and the guitar player looked on .
erin relaxed in a lawn chair in her daisy dukes , considering the muscular backsides of her three nude bandmates .
she wore the daisy dukes - that was n't just a costume for the album cover , apparently , but everyday wear - and a minuscule t - shirt with no bra for her ample bosom .
pausing in the open doorway to the guesthouse , she saw erin with her back turned , playing a grand piano expertly in a tight tank top and daisy dukes , barefoot .
her boobs were enormous in the bustier she wore with her daisy dukes , her blond curls were equally enormous and bouncy , and her carefully made - up frosted pink lips shone in the spotlights .
the walls were the same pale green , the curtains still white with pink and yellow daisies , the square table and ladder - back chairs were well - used oak .
i liked it that the first few pages of the newspaper reported on what was happening in oak hollow - daisy parker delivered a healthy , seven - pound baby boy on sunday ; jeffrey madden pitched a no - hitter at the high school softball game saturday night ; emma watson 's strawberry preserves won first prize at the river 's edge country fair ; ed stefan and laura peterson were engaged .
he had sent me an enormous bouquet of yellow daisies on my twenty - first birthday .
there were bouquets of roses and daisies everywhere .
she could plant some red roses on either side of the front porch , and maybe some daisies along the fence .
it was a little blue cotton - knit dress with tiny daisies all over it , and it was tighter than gran liked and shorter than jason deemed proper in his sister .
holly had short blond hair that hung around her face like wilted daisy petals , and the prettiest skin i 'd ever seen .
` ` more like daisy dukes , '' i muttered , wondering if the lace pattern of my bikini underwear would be imprinted on my butt for the rest of my life .
i was still in my daisy duke outfit , and she was in her fire - engine lingerie .
tara had sent me a little vase of daisies and carnations .
i am very fond of daisies , and the yellow and white looked pretty in my little kitchen .
he had brought me daisies and a chicken basket from dairy queen .
her long hair is pulled up at the sides with white daisies woven into the crown of blond braids .
she passes her bouquet of white daisies and roses to delores .
the second the door opens , daisy starts going wild .
he laughs , hearing daisy through the phone .
i rescued daisy from a flophouse .
i laugh along with him as i set daisy on the ground and grab a beer out of the fridge , popping the top and taking a swig .
i glance down at daisy , who is sitting at my feet looking up at me .
` ` so , your dog is named daisy ? ''
she laughs as i pull out my phone to scroll through my pictures so i can show her some of daisy .
` ` you did n't bring daisy , '' she pouts , looking over my shoulder and into my car .
` ` nico- '' ` ` sophie , if we stay here , i need to go get daisy .
` ` thanks , '' i say , opening the door , and immediately , daisy starts jumping around at our feet .
sophie squeals as she bends down , plucking daisy , who is all too happy to have someone to lick and pay attention to her , off the floor .
she yawns , and daisy takes the opportunity to lick into her mouth .
she laughs , kissing daisy 's head before setting her on the ground .
` ` she can stay in here with me if she wants , '' sophie says , looking at daisy with a small smile .
i set daisy back on the bed , and then pull sophie into me .
the command in his voice has a tingle building between my legs , and i watch nervously as he puts daisy down on the ground .
she lives next door and watches daisy when i ' m out of town . ''
chapter 6 nico i quietly open the door to my house , not wanting to wake sophie , who stayed over to watch daisy .
i ' m brought back to the present by daisy , who 's jumping around at my feet .
` ` come here , '' i tell her , setting daisy on the ground .
she just looks down at daisy , who 's now cuddled up between us .
i call again , and this time , daisy comes into the room .
once dressed , i head to the kitchen , feed daisy and grab the keys for my bike , go to my garage and pull the tarp off my harley , and hop on before using my feet to back it out of the driveway .
after our first run - in with my neighbor , sophie decided she should be the one watching daisy when i go out of town .
i decide to go home and feed daisy before going back to sophie 's to camp out until she gets there .
sophie stops to pick up daisy , who is bouncing around at our feet .
she follows me down the hall to my bedroom , talking to daisy in a baby voice the whole way .
i drop her bags into my closet , walk to sophie to take daisy from her hands , and set her outside the bedroom door before closing it .
i settle her back on the bed before letting daisy into the room .
knowing how he is with daisy only makes me want to see the vision come to life .
i walk into the kitchen , setting daisy down before washing my hands and going to the fridge to grab a bottle of water .
i hang up , setting my phone on the counter before looking at daisy .
i lift my foot behind me , ready to take off my shoes before searching for daisy .
i tell her all about daisy , who she has only met a couple of times but has fallen in love with her .
i hear yelled in time to see july running into the living room , carrying a very annoyed daisy in her arms .
` ` yes , but daisy 's still my favorite , '' july says , and i laugh as she pulls a wiggling daisy up to her face to talk to her .
poor daisy looks like her eyes are going to pop out of her head , making me wince .
` ` honey , why do n't you let daisy down for a bit and go wash your hands ?
` ` uncle nico ordered pizza , '' she says , holding daisy tighter against her , making her squirm .
` ` daisy may need to pee . ''
i watch as daisy jumps off the couch , quickly running away , probably trying to find somewhere to hide .
daisy 's excited about him , and he seems like he 's tolerating daisy , but i ' m not so sure .
i love daisy .
i do n't want to look for her one day then a couple hours later have him go outside to do his business and his business is a ball of fur that was once my daisy . ''
` ` baby , he is n't going to eat daisy .
i ask , watching as daisy runs in and out from between the big dog 's legs then jumps up and down , trying to get him to play with her .
he kisses the side of my neck , and daisy decides to jump up on the back of the couch , where she can prop her front paws on nico 's shoulder and lick both of our faces .
chapter 14 nico ` ` cap ' wants you to start , '' leo says , and i sigh into the phone and look out from the patio into the backyard , where goose and daisy are playing .
well , daisy is playing ; goose is just walking around while daisy jumps in and out between his feet .
well , daisy is playing ; goose is just walking around while daisy jumps in and out between his feet .
i hang up , watching daisy and goose for a few more minutes before heading inside to check on sophie .
` ` for example , some form of daisy grows in most of the territories in kaeleer , '' saetan said .
i took a deep breath , turned off the burner under the wok , and walked out onto the patio , sitting down in one of the giant lawn chairs upholstered in daisy - covered plastic .
somewhere along the way of being scared silly and shaking in my daisy dukes to pouring water all over myself , i decided this was going to happen .
` ` where to , miss daisy ? ''
inside , i bought a bunch of daisies .
then i placed the daisies in a vase and sat it on the chest of drawers beneath the mirror .
he walked over to the vase and looked at the small bunch of daisies , reaching up to finger the delicate white petals .
i guess it was kind of crazy to believe the guy who 'd just given me a daisy was a body snatcher .
i took the daisy with me .
and she still had the picture and the daisies .
after pouring my tea i wandered into the bedroom and put the daisy dex had given me into a small glass of water .
a few minutes later there was a knock on the door and when i answered i was greeted by a man in a fleece coat holding a huge bouquet of white daisies .
i shook my head and glanced at the daisies .
we both looked at the daisies .
before creeping back to my room i glanced at the daisies still sitting in the center of the coffee table .
` ` this one looks like that daisy you gave me . ''
there was a broken piece of the ice daisy beneath my boot .
one minute i was standing in the ice museum admiring the ice daisy and then the next there was this sound and i was being pushed onto the ground and something heavy was coming down on top of me .
it was the most perfect daisy i 'd ever seen and it was growing in the middle of winter .
and no matter what any of them say , you were battling death vamps when the rest of them were made up of trees , frogs , and daisies . ''
every three seconds he glanced over at kylie , while still maintaining a firm grip on a girl in a gingham crop top and daisy dukes .
the pattern was actually called garden floral , and it was like juicy daisies on acid .
` ` i know they 'll go brown in like two days , but i do n't know , it seems like the right thing to do , '' he said , actually lifting the bouquet of cheerful daisies to his nose , which he wrinkled .
so he got daisies , too .
she looked like daisy duke , feisty and independent and sexy in a really strange , dusty , natural sort of way .
she was n't wearing his daisy duke fantasy high heels , but almost as good , she was barefoot .
` ` this is daisy , and that 's duke , and the black one with the white ear is prada .
as much as i love seeing my family , after a week of cooing over daisy and my room being ransacked by her , i ' m ready to have my own space back . ''
` ` hey , daisy duck ! ''
` ` daisy , go and find daddy .
` ` bye bye bye bye , '' daisy shouts , toddling off in the direction of her kitchen .
give daisy a big kiss , and lloyd ... well , tell him hi . ''
she rolls her eyes , and daisy nods again .
hannah laughs , taking daisy 's coat off .
i grab a biscuit from the cupboard and hand it to daisy , grinning as she snatches it and bounces into my front room .
i flick the kettle on and hear a rattling noise as daisy 's bag is emptied .
i glance over at daisy , sitting on my rug playing with her toys and spraying crumbs everywhere .
not around daisy .
so tonight , we 'll get daisy bathed and in bed .
` ` maybe we should kidnap her , who- '' hannah 's eyes flick to daisy .
` ` and now we ' ve produced our own mini army of crazies , '' i muse , eyeing the twins giggling over one of daisy 's old puzzles .
i pick the petals off a daisy .
shit , i do n't know the difference between a daisy and a f**king rose . ''
sophie looked up at david , her eyes glittering like dew - kissed daisies again .
her eyes deepened to a melancholy brown , those dew - kissed daisies returning for a flash .
he 'd picked up the bouquet of her favorite daisies from the grocery store on his way to the hospital .
but for chloe , the shape - hugging white tank top and cut - off khaki shorts made for daisy duke - fantasy material that turned him inside out at a time when his defenses were seriously compromised .
his cousin alex was asleep on her sofa , with a fistful of wild daisies on his chest .
stretching , he sat up , keeping his hold on the daisies , apparently in no hurry to answer her question .
he swung his legs to the floor and thrust out the fistful of daisies .
she took the daisies from him .
stone strode inside and tossed the tulips - ones that he 'd pulled out of a vase in the lobby of the main lodge - onto the end table beside the daisies that looked remarkably like ones in the garden by the deck .
julia looked down and away , fidgeted with an arrangement of daisies and carnations by the bed .
but she would know he was up to something if he started crawling up to her window with a fistful of daisies .
how the hell anyone could look regal in a yellow scarf with goddamned daisies on it boggled his mind .
sunlight glinted on retreating daisies , declaring him almost in the homestretch .
barren walls stared back at her , their monotony broken only by the hooks holding her drying underwear , daisy scarf and spare dress .
her uncovered hair gleamed in the lamplight , her daisy scarf in her lap .
she pleated the daisy scarf between her fingers , her only sign of nerves .
she looked down , displaying a stretch of daisy scarf along her head .
he could almost see her damned daisy scarf calling to him on the horizon .
` ` actually- '' he tucked her daisy scarf more securely over her shoulder , his knuckles skimming along the sensitive skin of her neck .
her hand draped over the armrest to rock patrick 's car seat while zach carried load after load of roses , carnations and daisies .
a clump of dried daisies arced over the door .
carved wooden letters spelling out welcome mocked him from the twist of homey daisies arching over the door .
he needed to pass off the sleeping kid and get away from the temptation of lori and those welcoming daisies arched over her door .
` ` they 're daisies .
i love daisies . ''
` ` she prefers daisies , '' sam muttered .
she turned to find sam striding across the lawn , looking relaxed and tanned , a bouquet of daisies in his hand .
sam sent daisies to the store every morning for a week straight .
joe rang annie 's doorbell , daisies from the local florist in his hand .
she drove by vaughn 's parents ' house and was struck by the fairy - tale quality of the house and its surroundings , the white picket fence , daisies blooming all around and the veranda with a porch swing built for two .
except for the tinky belle part , since avery 's screen name - at least that night - had been daisy miller .
of course , her name was no more daisy miller than his was dixon .
though dixon had gotten some decent info about a certain mutual fund when some stockbroker 's cell phone conversation had overlapped with daisy 's frantic call to the veterinarian about her cat 's digestive problems .
with daisy , though ... she was good .
and he 'd only been able to trace that much of her because , before this week , he 'd been surveilling her online boyfriend , andrew paddington , and had intercepted some of the e - mails he 'd sent to daisy .
although dixon was fully prepared , and able , to break into daisy 's apartment and bug the hell out of the place if she ever left long enough for him to manage it - and if , you know , he ever found it - he had n't had the opportunity to do so because she never went anywhere .
tonight daisy seemed to be especially active , darting from one chat room to another without even posting in any of them .
he was supposed to be on duty until daybreak , when daisy 's activity generally started to ebb , whereupon he 'd be relieved by another agent , whose job would be even more boring than his was , because the daylight hours seemed to be the time when daisy shutdown .
he was supposed to be on duty until daybreak , when daisy 's activity generally started to ebb , whereupon he 'd be relieved by another agent , whose job would be even more boring than his was , because the daylight hours seemed to be the time when daisy shutdown .
` ` you 're sure daisy miller is avery nesbitt ? ''
he used to bring me daisies and violets . ''
lady young was holding a small party , presumably to show off her autumn garden - though the only flowers artemis saw were some rather bedraggled daisies .
but soon she and higgins would be able to add roses and irises , peonies and michaelmas daisies .
caire strolled in carrying a huge bouquet of daisies .
caire touched the bouquet of daisies with one fingertip .
there were at least two dozen , bright white and gold daisies .
daisies were clara 's favorite flower .
tables and chairs were scattered here and there , and an oval table stood at the center of the room with a vase of late michaelmas daisies .
beatrice bent and placed her handful of michaelmas daisies on the grave .
winding daisies in his mane ?
michaelmas daisies in the fall .
michaelmas daisies bloomed on either side of the path , and the ornamental trees were just beginning to turn color .
the white daisies are marguarete .
` ` gabrielle , the pink ones are tratina , and the white daisies are marguarete .
` ` you look like daisy duke .
heaven 's daisies .
she stood near the table , trying to appear nonchalant by plucking the petals from a bouquet of daisies he 'd brought for her .
a moment of panic chilled her and she dropped the daisy she 'd been torturing .
on the top is an inlaid daisy .
she 's staring at the top of it and resting her hand on the daisy he inlaid there , his work of art and the only piece of woodworking he 's done that made him cry from beginning to end .
hannah sauntered over in a pair of denim short - shorts and a red blouse tied at the bottom a la daisy duke , abandoning her grocery cart near a pile of books set up in a display near the front doors .
i found that really hard to believe , since daisy duke was every country boy 's type and she was n't that far off .
` ` what is your type , then if it 's not daisy duke ? ''
checking in to let them know that she was alive and semi - well , but when she and daisy had stopped at an old - school diner , sabine had glanced up at the tv installed near the counter and seen the news stories about genesis .
every time daisy had made a pit stop , sabine had made a point of trying to learn more of the stories circulating about genesis .
he 'd put daisies on maria 's grave .
he 'd told her that his sister had liked daisies .
fresh , beautiful daisies .
it should either be daffodils or daisies .
why , oh why does he get to look as fresh as a daisy ?
from what i could tell , it was n't daisies for everyone else either .
you know , get the daisy ones she loves so much .
small bouquets of daisies had been placed all over .
then , he reached for one bouquet of daisies .
as i began to head out , i stopped at the door , and a huge bouquet of white daisies was handed to me .
i smiled , thinking back to garrett giving me the first of many bouquets of white daisies .
when i glanced up , i saw all the white daisies , and my mind drifted back to that warm day on the quilt under our tree .
` ` the white daisies represent your innocence .
` ` daisies because they are your favorite . ''
garrett walked in with a huge bouquet of white daisies .
he tossed them into the trash can and placed the fresh daisies in the vase .
the way he said it made me feel beautiful - the way he spoke made me feel like a goddess even though my bra was white with yellow daisies on it .
a nice prostitute named daisy brought them for me . ''
my hair - uncapped but covered by a small , flat straw hat with a dainty bunch of cloth daisies on it - was tied up behind .
then i saw her , splashing through pools of water in aqua rain boots covered in yellow daisy outlines .
the white - and - yellow daisies brush against my legs as i push forward .
i pluck a daisy off a stem .
her hair is pinned up high on her head in loose curls , circled by a ring of white daisies .
she twists a daisy stem around another .
i look at jenna , standing in the center of my room in her daisy dukes with her hand on her hip and a smug look on her face , and i ' ve never loved her more .
she was wearing some god - awful cowboy boots that made it look a bit like she was trying to be daisy duke .
` ` daisy , darling , can you put nina on ?
` ` i hope you like gerber daisies . ''
they are n't exactly sunshine and daisies .
a pair of cutoff jean shorts that could be described as nothing but daisy dukes .
i ' ve learned to a - accept that my life is n't all s - s - sunshine and daisies . ''
there are daturas , sacred moonflowers , in the shape of vast trumpets , and daisies like yellow suns hanging high overhead , supported by towers of slender green .
like daisy , the cow from kansas , standing in her meadow trying to find a pattern in all of the stars ; chewing the cud , so to speak , while trying to make sense of the universe .
zula speaks a few words in tamasheq , ' emily , my heart will always be with you , ' and places a little posy of white daisies on the grave ; the same daisies that grow on the grassy lawns in the graveyard .
zula speaks a few words in tamasheq , ' emily , my heart will always be with you , ' and places a little posy of white daisies on the grave ; the same daisies that grow on the grassy lawns in the graveyard .
i dig flower beds around the house and plant anemones , poppies and daisies .
i pick a posy of white daisies and tie them up with a blade of grass .
' where 's daisy ? '
' there 's no weather , no wind , no animals ; just daisy , her oak tree and a rye grass and clover meadow . '
' oh , hello daisy , ' says zeus .
moo , moos daisy , a black and white smudge in the darkness .
' hi daisy , ' i say .
as my eyes get used to the dark , i realise that it 's everywhere ; a big mound of cow poo has built up around the tree where daisy sits to chew the cud and contemplate the stars .
i laugh , picturing daisy squeezed into the cockpit of an sm3 .
' teroids , daisy wants people up here . '
moo , moos daisy , in agreement .
' we 'll hand it all over to the sentry slugs and let daisy be her own gatekeeper to decide who can come in . '
he gives daisy a brisk rub behind the ear .
once annie has joined them , julie puts a bouquet of flowers , big cheerful yellow daisies , on the grave .
we are just finishing off our yogurt , silky smooth with spirals of honey in it , when zeus says , ' daisy , we must visit daisy and see how she is going .
we are just finishing off our yogurt , silky smooth with spirals of honey in it , when zeus says , ' daisy , we must visit daisy and see how she is going .
we walk around looking for daisy .
dante , who still looked fresh as a daisy , hunkered towards krieger .
rachel nicknamed them miss daisy and the bieb .
she listened for a moment but all she heard was a dull thumping that might be miss daisy .
stephanie approached from behind , carrying transgenic daisies .
stephanie heads back the way she came in past the gravestones ; she still carries the transgenic daisies .
` ` we went traipsing through the neighbor 's daisy field without permission and got caught .
i was visualizing myself picking those flecks like daisies on a prairie when she screamed , okay , so i ca nt wait any longer .
looking upwards perched below an outsized yellow daisy on an oversized rock sat an undersized blue short - haired rabbit .
the large overhanging trees that clung to the streambed gave way to a wide grassy field of yellow and red daisies .
burdock and daisies grow along the path and by the atv lot , if any have come up yet .
second , we 're looking for daisies .
we want the burdock roots and leaves from the daisies .
i 'd say stop short of tuxedos and evening gowns , but fancier than overalls and daisy dukes . ''
when the acrobat arrives , he bows before the doge who welcomes him with a bunch of daisies .
yellow chairs with comfortable arms like the petals of a daisy .
men passed on the information to each other via a daisy chain .
the topic is difficult to digest so the artists should n't be all daisies and ponies and glittery hearts when addressing it ?
it was lovely , with african violets rubbing shoulders with daisies , unlikely on earth but not even worthy of mention here .
her tightly worn daisy dukes showed off that round , toned bottom and long leg which stretched on and on .
from wild vines creeping up the buildings and around the lamp posts , to bright violets and yellow daisies which covered and accompanied the green grass of the nyc parks i cut through .
their world was sunshine and fucking daisies , i know .
she s got a colourful vocabulary and a vicious mouthaspects of a personality i d wholeheartedly approve of if it were nt keeping us out in the open in a field of cheerful daisies .
i got close enough to observe the guards patrolling in front of the calmly docked ship , just like jane had said they would , and also noted the name of the ship , daisy 136 - 9 .
she 's one of the teroid models , and wears a dress made of little daisies , like the ones that grow on my front lawn .
it 's a skimpy little number and i can see daisies on her knickers .
they 're modelling florals : black jumpsuits with little yellow and blue forget - me - nots ; summer dresses in bright yellow with white daisies ; a beautiful dress shaped like an upside - down lily , starting just above the model 's boobs and opening out to flow down to the ground ; an evening gown with many layers in subtle shades of deep red , like rose petals , with a hat to match ; and a girl wearing a plain white bathrobe and flip - flops with fake lotus flowers on them .
the only thing floral about it is that the model has a daisy chain hovering over her head like a halo .
i used to be big onto flower power and daisy chains , now days i would n't be seen dead wearing them , but i 'd be quite at home in this next outfit .
i do n't normally wear knickers but they would be just right for special occasions , better than the ones with the daisies .
some daisies have come up .
let 's look at panacea , ' his screen zooms in on the daisy 's tiny asteroid .
it 's daisy !
rex andromedas , rested , showered , and fresh as a daisy , stuck his head into the room .
the ghost progressed , in persistence of vision , over poppies and daisies now .
its too much bother asking about her but he feels he has to justify his presence so he buys the cheapest bouquet they have something like daisies but with a colored heart and when he gets back with all the groceries he sticks the flowers on the little round table near the door and forgets about them .
contemplating her next move , trisha finished drawing her daisy and traded the red crayon for green .
` ` is maybe that you do not want to be thinking of little malyutka betrix in her daisy dress playing hide and go peep with the little farm boys in the green grasses ? ''
back on earth , do you remember when lane finally decided to date a guy instead of just banging him , and they were together for two months , and then went on a break , and we said we d never do that , because we were children who thought everything would be rainbows and sunshine and fucking fields of daisies in both our relationship and the rest of the world , but lane was a skank , as you ve said yourself , so why the hell would we use any facet of her two - month relationship as some sort of indicator of how we should run ours , and also , the world ended and things inevitably got harder between you and me .
he was glad of her plain clothes shed stick out like a daisy in an oilfield .
upon losing his job at h - nasa , badru and his wife daisy , who died in an automobile accident three years ago , had lived a very low - key life .
picking some daisies .
he had been sitting on his bedtheir bedthat always seemed too large and empty whenever daisy , his former high school crush and now wife of twenty - seven years was traveling , and he had just begun to skim a few documents when all of a sudden a burst of light coming from the windows had lit up the room so brightly that he had to raise his right arm to shield his eyes .
surely , the only source of light that was powerful enough to pierce through the thick , heavy curtains that daisy had picked for their bedroom had to come from a thermonuclear explosion .
there were also fried eggs , with the yolk flattened semisphere in the center , rimmed by white , rather like some daisies that ben had pointed out to him in the field back on earth .
i emerged into the nevernever , my shields at full strength , my blasting rod ready to unleash hell , as the invisible sphere of force around me slammed into - - a rather lovely bed of daisies .
i 'd always wondered how she came out of a hot workout daisy fresh .
little jakie knoivs mrs . shaw is not mother and on more than one occasion mrs . greta shaw herself has told him she is not mother ( ` ` i hope you know i ' m not your mother , ' bama , ` ` she says , giving him a plate and on the plate is a peanut butter , bacon , and banana sandwich with the crusts cut off as only greta shaw knoivs how to cut them off , ` ` because that is not in my job description '' ( and jakie - only he 's ' bama here , he 's ' bama between them - does n't know exactly how to tell her he knows that , knows that , knows that , but he ' ii make do with her until the real thing comes along or until he grows old enough to get over his fear of the deathfly ) and jakie says do n't worry , i ' m okay , but he is still glad mrs . shaw agrees to stay instead of the latest au pair who wears short skirts and is ahoays playing with her hair and her lipstick and does n't care jackshit about him and does n't know that in his secret heart he is ` ` bama , and boy that little daisy mae ( which is what his father calls all the au pairs ) is stupid stupid stupid .
in the monster 's eyes he sees the utter nothing that means the end of everything , for pleading wo n't work with such a monster and screaming wo n't work with such a monster , it 's too dumb , all screaming does is attract the monster 's attention , and does , it turns toward the daisy mae with the bodacious ta - tas and then it charges the daisy mae with the bodacious ta - tas , and in the kitchen ( the mighty kitchen ) he hears the tokens , gone from the charts but not from our hearts , they are singing about the jungle , the peaceful jungle , and here in front of the little boy 's huge horrified eyes is a jungle which is anything but peaceful , and it 's not a lion but a lumbering thing that looks sort of like a rhinoceros only bigger , and it has a kind of bone collar around its neck , and later jake will find out you call this kind of monster a triceratops , but for now it is nameless , which makes it even worse , nameless is worse .
in the monster 's eyes he sees the utter nothing that means the end of everything , for pleading wo n't work with such a monster and screaming wo n't work with such a monster , it 's too dumb , all screaming does is attract the monster 's attention , and does , it turns toward the daisy mae with the bodacious ta - tas and then it charges the daisy mae with the bodacious ta - tas , and in the kitchen ( the mighty kitchen ) he hears the tokens , gone from the charts but not from our hearts , they are singing about the jungle , the peaceful jungle , and here in front of the little boy 's huge horrified eyes is a jungle which is anything but peaceful , and it 's not a lion but a lumbering thing that looks sort of like a rhinoceros only bigger , and it has a kind of bone collar around its neck , and later jake will find out you call this kind of monster a triceratops , but for now it is nameless , which makes it even worse , nameless is worse .
if he went down there , the cartoon triceratops would tear him apart just as it would have torn apart the daisy mae with die bodacious ta - tas if cesar romero had n't appeared in time to put a bullet into the thing 's one vulnerable spot with his big - game hunter 's rifle .
they met at vassar college ( a thousand years ago , so it does seem ) and carried the daisy chain together at graduation the year they were juniors .
5 instead of an explosion there was a small pop - the sound of an old daisy air rifle , no more .
because of the daisies .
the time i brought the daisies .
` ` because once you brought him daisies . ''
and if he wo n't listen , i ' m to remind him of the day you brought the daisies .
` ` daisies , '' she said , and laughed .
` ` i think i ' m talking about daisies .
the next year he had hit jimmy owens in the mouth with the barrel of his daisy air rifle while they were playing guns and jimmy had to have four stitches in his upper lip .
that goddam barkovitch is running on high - octane hate and he just keeps going and he 's as fresh as a daisy .
it was a beautiful and half - wild upland meadow , rife with buttercups and daisies and wild roses .
on the matting beneath the photo , carefully printed in block letters , was daisy , pembroke corgi , age 9 .
to the left of daisy , its glass now splattered with the thin woman 's blood , was a collie that seemed to be grinning for the camera .
cynthia opened her mouth to reply and then the old guy - the one who had presumably observed daisy the pembroke corgi adding six and two and coming up with eight , absolutely no problem for daisy- came in carrying an old black bag .
cynthia had put a pillow under marielle 's head , but she was still lying on the living - room floor ( under the picture of daisy , the mathematically inclined corgi , actually ) .
the picture of daisy , the corgi who could count and add , fell off and landed on her chest .
buffaler cream ai n't no prize - winner , but better'n nothin , by daisy ! ''
` ` a billy - bumbler , by daisy !
it had just a note from sammy printed across the top and surrounded by daisies .
scrawled under the daisies was this : tell anyone and more than your tires will be flat .
susan nimbly plucked the envelope from its place among the phlox and daisies .
there were sunflowers and orange trees , and daisies , and you could walk right through the heart of this on any of the many broad and comfortable newly paved paths .
` ` at present , as you requested , she is walking around , free as a daisy .
she would prepare the food with them , singing her little songs : daisy , daisy , give me your answer do , or sometimes , you made me love you , i did n't want to do it , i did n't want to do it .
she would prepare the food with them , singing her little songs : daisy , daisy , give me your answer do , or sometimes , you made me love you , i did n't want to do it , i did n't want to do it .
my grandmother sang daisy , daisy .
he picked up the part of the box , with the little door in it - the head part- and he walked about , and she sang daisy , daisy , first at one side of the stage , then at the other .
my grandmother had finished daisy , daisy , and was on a song which went : my my , here we go , the driver 's drunk and the horse wo n't go , now we 're going back , now we 're going back , back back back to london town .
my grandmother had finished daisy , daisy , and was on a song which went : my my , here we go , the driver 's drunk and the horse wo n't go , now we 're going back , now we 're going back , back back back to london town .
daisy , daisy , he 'd sing , give me your answer , do .
mummy carried daisy .
daddy told me to take daisy and walk about while they talked .
i took daisy and i said come on daisydaisy , come on old daisybell because she was crying too , but i m too old to cry .
writing mostly nonfiction , jake settled down with a local girl , daisy angelino , in portobello road , near our offices .
even though our pillow talk inspired a couple of shorts , i really hated having been part of jenny 's daisy chain .
` ` i ' m daisy , '' she said , and stuck out her hand .
` ` i ' m in here , '' said daisy .
said daisy .
i 'll talk to rosie , and - '' daisy came into the kitchen .
` ` hullo , '' said daisy .
` ` i ' m daisy . ''
you should hear the things that come out of your mouth , '' said daisy , cheerfully .
` ` good - bye daisy , '' she called .
asked daisy , who was now almost dressed .
by the time he got home , fat charlie felt pretty wretched , so he got onto a bed that still smelled faintly of daisy , and he closed his eyes .
chapter six in which fat charlie fails to get home , even by taxi daisy woke up to the alarm .
` ` you certainly know how to make a girl feel wanted , '' said daisy , and she went into the kitchenette and put the porridge on to cook .
` ` you cook it , '' said daisy , ` ` i 'll eat it . ''
you ever eaten kidneys , daisy ? ''
` ` once , '' said daisy .
` ` suppose we get the details , '' said daisy .
on television , thought daisy , they say ` ` just give me the facts . ''
` ` that , '' he said to daisy , ` ` is what i believe you would call , in police circles , a right turn - up for the books . ''
` ` i do n't see that that would accomplish anything , '' said daisy .
grahame coats nudged daisy and inclined his head toward the man .
` ` morning , '' said daisy .
and daisy was sitting in the small common room of the house in hendon , wearing a bright green nightdress and fluffy , vivid pink carpet slippers .
` ` charles , dear , '' she said , ` ` tell me about your cousin daisy .
` ` daisy , '' said rosie 's mother , sweetly .
` ` daisy , '' said spider .
` ` sweet little cousin daisy , '' he continued , without a pause .
take daisy , for example .
and that is , more or less , everything you need to know about daisy .
they were , as novices , encouraged to play together , and during their first game daisy 's mother beat daisy 's father with ease .
they stayed in england and remained in academia , and they had one daughter , whom they called daisy because at the time they owned ( and , to daisy 's later amusement , actually rode ) a tandem - a bicycle built for two .
their involvement in politics waned as they grew older , and as they approached middle age they had become a happy couple with no interests beyond each other , chess , daisy , and the reconstruction and debugging of forgotten operating systems .
neither of them understood daisy , not even a little .
they needed daisy .
frankly , they needed a whole string of daisies .
from where daisy stood it was about something else .
` ` that 's good , '' said daisy .
this faith had collapsed in the face of recent events and had been replaced by the suspicion that he would spend the rest of his life pleading his innocence to a variety of implacable judges and tormenters , many of whom would look like daisy , and that he would in all probability wake up in cell six the following morning to find that he had been transformed into an enormous cockroach .
` ` hullo , '' said daisy , with a smile .
` ` we could skip all that , '' said daisy , ` ` and you could just tell us what we want to know .
asked daisy .
fat charlie met daisy for sunday dim sum , in a dimly lit restaurant in london 's tiny chinatown .
a small cart was trundled over to their table , and daisy selected several dishes from it .
` ` looks like it 's your lucky day , '' said daisy .
` ` sure , '' said daisy .
` ` i ' m taking a break , '' said daisy .
` ` too bad , '' said daisy .
` ` i ' m going to catch a crook , '' said daisy .
it was only when daisy got off the little plane from jamaica and tasted the air - earthy , spicy , wet , almost sweet - of saint andrews that the sensible cop stopped pointing out the sheer ill - considered madness of what she was doing .
and daisy was marching to its beat .
` ` well , '' said daisy .
fat charlie was trying to understand what daisy was doing on the island .
` ` i ' m fine , '' said daisy .
when he returned to his table , grahame coats , with something vaguely beardish growing on the lower part of his face , was sitting next to daisy , and he was grinning like a weasel on speed .
he was beginning to capiche how utterly cracked grahame coats was and how little chance daisy and he had of getting out of this alive .
as he entered the last chorus , he began to clap his hands above his head , and soon the whole room was clapping along with him , diners and waiters and chefs , everyone except grahame coats , whose hands were beneath the tablecloth , and daisy , whose hands were flat on the table .
they were going to be just fine , him and spider and daisy and rosie , too , wherever she was , they 'd be okay .
her name 's daisy day .
` ` there 's something i wanted to say to daisy .
fat charlie stared at daisy , willing her to understand , to play along .
the singer , the maitre d ' , and several of the waitresses descended on the table , hauled daisy to her feet , and pulled her over to the middle of the floor .
` ` here , '' he said to daisy .
he had an arm around daisy : he could feel her trembling .
he headed for the hallway , and daisy and the maitre d ' followed .
the implacably cheerful representative of the saint andrews police force sat in the hotel front office with daisy and fat charlie , and listened to everything each of them had to say with a placid but unimpressed smile on his wide face .
they told the police officer that a fugitive from justice called grahame coats had come in to them while they were eating dinner , and threatened daisy with a gun .
which , they were also forced to admit , nobody but daisy had actually seen .
` ` he put a gun to my stomach , '' said daisy .
mrs . higgler gestured toward daisy with her mug of coffee .
` ` this is daisy .
he looked at daisy admiringly .
they did n't have four old ladies , but they had mrs . higgler , benjamin , and daisy .
the magical atmosphere in this case was not enhanced by benjamin higgler 's tendency to look around the table and burst into explosive giggles nor by daisy 's continually pointing out that the whole procedure was extremely silly .
for the first time it registered with fat charlie that it had been dark night when he had sat down at the table with daisy and the higglers , but that while the sun was low wherever he was now , it had not set .
` ` i want you to bring him back , '' said daisy , fiercely .
` ` i do n't know , '' admitted daisy and she hated herself for saying it .
at the end of the day , daisy was a cop .
asked charlie , before remembering that he 'd given the lime to daisy .
my name 's daisy .
you know , '' he said to daisy , as they set off down a random corridor , ` ` there are two ways to walk through a hospital .
this is daisy .
` ` i ' m not sure that i am anymore , '' said daisy .
` ` bless , '' said daisy , quietly .
charlie turned his attention back to the corridor to find daisy in conversation with several doctors and the police officer they had encountered the previous evening .
` ` well , we always had him figured as a bad man , '' the police officer was saying to daisy .
` ` obviously not , '' said daisy .
very grateful , '' said the police chief , patting her shoulder in a way that set daisy 's teeth on edge .
charlie found daisy on a deck chair out on the beach .
charlie let daisy sleep .
he pictured a daisy chain of blasts , one after the other , spreading around the globe .
his clothes were bright : yellow pants and a green shirt with a cartoon crocodile and daisies .
so , upsy daisy . ''
did you do the one about the simple daisy being as beautiful in the eyes of god as the rose ? '
` ` not nearly as dreadful as spending another day embroidering daisies on a stupid petticoat , '' the princess replied .
i 'd like t'see wot 's under dem daisy roots she gawt there . ''
miss stoker of daisy roots and gatter pix bowed with a grand flourish .
and might i say , them daisy roots ye ' ave are some nobby nacks . ''
` ` daisy roots ? ''
` ` daisy roots - daisies .
` ` daisy roots - daisies .
it had an elegant curve that allowed for the high bundle of her dark hair in the back , and was trimmed with tiny rosebuds and white daisies .
boots - or daisies , as pix had called them - would be wondrous .
the boy 's half his age , ser daisy they call him , something like that .
like a child pulling petals off a daisy , thought jon .
the cracks in all the slum sector roads are good for one thing - here and there i see patches of sea daisies growing haphazardly , little spots of turquoise and green on an otherwise gray street .
my hand clings tightly to the thick bundle of sea daisies i brought .
i lay the bundle of sea daisies carefully on the tabletop .
without them , all this furniture is nothing , the sea daisies lying on the table are meaningless , the lantern is just an old , blackened piece of junk .
there 's a small patch of sea daisies growing from a crack in the floor .
i tuck a handful of sea daisies into the sleeve of my shirt and a couple of notes into my pocket for good measure .
i pull out the sea daisies that i had tucked into my shirt 's sleeve .
something red in the dirt beside the daisies catches my eye .
) , and for an instant i ' m disoriented , unsure of why i ' m sleeping in an abandoned building facing the ocean with sea daisies growing at my feet .
the sea daisies that i laid under the vents are still there , untouched , but they ' ve already withered and died .
they slice the dirt floor into pieces , and i can just make out the crumpled sea daisies .
taffy snaps the thick padded harness vest around her shoulders then snaps the webbing between her legs as she hooks the looping daisy chain stripe to the locking carabiner then violently jerks on the special thickly padded safety gloves over both her hands for the fast descent down the rock face in the night .
after we jump , t - rex over the handmade beautiful coral rock stone wall along the barn stalls , i pop my body like a spring daisy from a wind resistant position inside the saddle upon the horses back , scanning with eyeballs the lawn grounds for ming .
the pretty red waves have beautifully destroyed the flora garden of roses , tulips , daisies , tall green fern plants , shaded overgrown old trees , and funny animal shaped bushes .
i immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles , ripped strawberries , and fresh flower fragrances , walking down the yellow - colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses , daisies , lilies , marigolds , and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house .
i pop upright through the water like a happy springtime yellow daisy showing the ugly mask that contains my pretty freckles in the black murky water , ripping quickly the metal mask from my face and breathing deeply the required two parts oxygen and one part hydrogen into my two tight healthy lungs then toss the mask in the air as it lands on the sand while i grin with a silly smile completing the mission .
dirk greets nicey - nice , plopping his tallness into oversized yellow daisy covered chair opposite of me .
i dash on sneakers across the wooden floor through the beautifully curved archway into the living room upon seeing mom , dad , and chase leisurely lounging on the recliner , long sofa , and matching the daisy flower - designed covered loveseat .
dads nonsense humor states with a non - wittingly tenor saxophone as he smiles brightly and fully with a good set of teeth , patting the empty side of daisy patterned loveseat for me .
he eye burns the floor as his wings return to their holding place then chase plops his bee_hind and shoulder blades against the daisy cloth , relaxing and playing on his cell like a guarded prisoner in silence .
if you had ever looked between the printed lines , you would see that our angeldom rules pop out like spring daisies .
daddyll flame boil hell twice over if something happens to his little daisy .
i was still looking for my other seashell earringi 'd decided at the last minute that those were more sophisticated than the daisies i 'd been wearing all daywhen aunt theresa called up the stairs that dr . stuart was in the drive .
i was standing in the middle of a meadow full of daisies , the sun bright on my face .
i could see blaine coming toward me from the tree line as he picked a daisy off the ground .
when he reached me , he gently tucked the daisy behind my ear and took my hands in his .
a single colorful daisy nearly a perfect shade of pink , bloomed beside him .
i snatched some daisies and plucked the petals from them throwing them to the ground like confetti .
he shrugged his shoulders and picked a brilliant blue daisy just beginning to open and tucked it behind my ear .
gabe took notice of what i was looking at and grabbed the tiny vase holding a brilliant blue daisy .
you re wearing a kilt with a wilted daisy tucked into your shirt pocket .
i hang out with my cousins , work in my grandma 's garden , take daisy , the horse , for a ride , and shuck corn until i never want to see another ear on wednesday , we call southern and schedule an appointment for friday .
i open it to find joe standing there holding a bouquet of daisies .
she shifts the gears with extra care this time , and i smile at her , admiring the little daisies pinned to her hair .
even now i picture us rolling in tall grass among daisies and weeds , laughing as we tussle and roll down steep hills .
i ran my hands over the tops of the tall grass and the white daisies that grew in clumps .
the pixilette had transparent wings and hair the color of daisies .
i shoot upright like a spring daisy and gallop like a race horse to my zipper at tele - speed .
i type on the mini - bot for a transfer into his curr account , which popped up like a springtime daisy .
seeing a waving mass of daisies nearby , she walked to them and gathered up a bouquet of the white flowers .
she could hear every chirp of a grasshopper , sense the lazy drift of a butterfly over a daisy .
annie held up her cartoonish attempt at the daisies in the vase .
sprawled out on the long grass , i enjoyed julian playfully teasing my jaw with the petals of a daisy .
picture in your head the form of a daisy , with long , luscious petals .
as if on cue , daisy , our three - legged beagle , limped into the room .
i heard shuffling and turned as daisy hopped over the top of the stairs .
i grabbed a towel to dry my hair as best i could and then , unable to delay any longer , made my way downstairs with daisy close at my heels .
snuggling under my covers with oscar sprawled across my pillow and daisy on my feet , i wanted nothing more than to go back to sleep .
now oscar and daisy lay on it , watching me with sad eyes as if they knew i was leaving .
i knew daisy was content here with nate , but oscar would miss me .
itzy opened a wooden box that lay at the end of the sofa and pulled out a woven woolly throw patterned to look like daisy chains .
red roses , pink gardenias , yellow daisies , pink tulips , and others i could nt name .. one of those flowers stood out from all the others , seeming to call to me .
chapter sixteen daisy i thought i might find you here , began merodach .
my parents called me daisy , because daisies were my moms favorite flower .
my parents called me daisy , because daisies were my moms favorite flower .
okay alden explained everything to daisy .
nothing , echoed daisy .
several minutes later , alden turned his thoughts to daisy and asked , daisy , what are you going to do ?
several minutes later , alden turned his thoughts to daisy and asked , daisy , what are you going to do ?
i hope abaddon did nt wipe out all the red dragons well , until we know where there s another colony , daisy ca nt stay here by herself .
they seemed to be able to see daisy through the haze and continued their unrelenting attacks .
were almost to the castle , daisy !
ill do my best , was all daisy said as the vultures launched yet another frontal assault .
where can we land that daisy wo nt be attacked ?
hopefully it wo nt upset too many people a few minutes later , alden directed daisy down to the cavalrys training facility .
are you okay , daisy ?
alden fetched water , and after drinking her fill , daisy immediately fell asleep .
lets go find major cahill and tell him about daisy , so he does nt get a shock when he walks in and sees her , suggested alden .
before leaving , he turned and patted daisy on the head .
that s daisy .
the huge arm of the crane eventually plucked the hapless lorry from its entrenched residence with the ease of king kong plucking petals off a daisy .
as we set out to walk together across a lawn dotted with beds of flowers and sprinkled with daisies , i found myself suddenly uncertain and reluctant to begin conversation .
a brisk breeze flowed in from the opened window , bringing the scent of daisies , peppermint , and chamomile , and a hint of burnt wood .
i ' m a stiffy , a cold fish , a gonner , i ' ve been pushing up the daisies , i m the finest teenage worm food money can buy . ''
camilla had often talked about her brother , about the way he d helped her pass math and about the time he d cornered her ex , roger philips , outside school because roger had cheated on her with daisy beaumont .
the night of the ballet , he showed up at the door of my parents house with a handful of bright gerber daisies : one of each color .
lets talk about runnin away lets talk about gettin away i want to fly down a highway with nowhere to go but tomorrow stop and dance with the daisies , run in fields and play lets talk about bein free lets talk about you comin with me i want to take you where you ve never been , be alone in this world settle down with you and raise a family they re talkin bout stayin here they re talkin bout the politics of fear now you know that i ca nt stand the crime and the noise and this ai nt no place to raise our two little girls and our little boy lets talk about movin on lets talk about gettin lost i want to build our house on the rock away from the city ill hold you watchin sunsets , kiss you til the early morn who is that song about ?
in the morning , in haight - ashbury , in san francisco , in spring , to kiss a girl over a bouquet of daisies with a smile : ok , as long as the daisies were picked from a neighbor 's yard and not bought .
in the morning , in haight - ashbury , in san francisco , in spring , to kiss a girl over a bouquet of daisies with a smile : ok , as long as the daisies were picked from a neighbor 's yard and not bought .
but the symbolism would be nice : you remember fitzgerald 's character , daisy , from the great gatsby , right ?
carol helped , wanting to know what mom thought would be better , roses with daisies or just roses for her bouquet .
running down the driveway of the large house next to his , as if she did nt have a care in the world , was daisy rose .
his mum still considered daisy to be ryans playmate and best friend , and while daisy clearly shared that opinion , it had been some time since ryan had felt the same way .
his mum still considered daisy to be ryans playmate and best friend , and while daisy clearly shared that opinion , it had been some time since ryan had felt the same way .
the problem was that most of the other kids thought daisy was , well , a little odd .
it was almost as if daisy had been born a couple of hundred years too late ; she would have found herself far more at home in a jane austen novel .
still , daisy , or dizzy as she had become known , did nt appear to worry about anything , and so the thoughts of her fellow classmates would barely register .
asked daisy as they went .
that s cool , said daisy .
incidentally , that was pretty much what ryan had been doing , but daisy did not share his enthusiasm for gaming and he did not have the energy for any long - winded explanations .
asked daisy , watching in delight as a peacock butterfly flitted between them , almost entangling itself in ryans locks of curly brown hair , which writhed like tendrils in the breeze .
what i visited the dream isle , blurted daisy , before the question had a chance to leave his lips .
this was just the sort of thing that had earned daisy her reputation in the first place .
like on the first day of secondary school when she had introduced herself as daisy rose , claiming that her parents had thought her so beautiful that they had named her after two flowers .
please do nt look at me like that , said daisy in earnest .
he wondered if daisy even knew what a lie was , let alone what to do with one .
the dream isle , repeated daisy .
as much as he liked daisy , she did come out with some really bizarre stuff sometimes .
i m not sure how i got there , continued daisy .
there were other people there , said daisy suddenly , not wishing to give up on ryan so easily .
real people , said daisy mysteriously .
so am i , replied daisy , enjoying his input .
later , said daisy , walking through the school gates and seemingly unaware that ryan had stopped several paces back , next to one of the horse chestnut trees that lined the road .
he had just crossed the bypass , where the road swung to the right and skirted the shoulder of the hill that hid picklewick from the town , when , from a footpath to his left , daisy appeared , carrying a bunch of wild flowers .
sorry , said daisy giggling .
so tell me more about your weekend , said daisy as they began walking again .
but you re not really experiencing it though , replied daisy .
maybe , said daisy dreamily .
the weather was a little more grey and cloudy than it had been the previous day , but as soon as daisy appeared , skipping towards him as carefree as ever , it seemed all the brighter .
oh , you mean she could be on her period , said daisy , finally picking up the loose thread .
shouted daisy suddenly , and she sprinted across the bridge over the bypass and on down the hill .
something daisy rose had said to him resonated in the back of his mind .
the same name daisy had mentioned .
of course , most of their classmates would have pointed out that daisy rose was never all there , but this was different .
cried daisy , and she practically ran through ryan on her way to embrace the figure emerging from the water .
oh do nt be such a grump ryan , said daisy , coming back over and sitting down next to him .
suggested daisy .
said daisy with a smile .
said daisy , surprised .
slowly tristrams body faded into nothing and ryan , turning to daisy , found that she , too , was gone .
he considered feigning illness to avoid having to face daisy , but decided it was a bad idea since his friends had been round the night before and his mum would be unlikely to let them over again if the result was a sick son .
sure enough , daisy was there , watching with delight as a blizzard of blossom from the plum trees was whipped around her by the stiff morning breeze .
it was the first time that ryan had ever seen daisy in anything other than a joyous mood .
and yet it happened , replied daisy evenly .
his admission brought daisy back to her usual happy self .
okay then , said daisy smiling .
cried daisy , giving a triumphant pirouette with her hands raised to the sky .
as he watched , the image in front of him slowly filled itself with colour , giving it depth and clarity , and before he knew it he was standing on the same stretch of beach where he had met daisy the previous night .
where was daisy ?
suddenly he remembered that daisy had spoken of a building of some sort that tristram had taken her to on one of her earlier visits to the isle .
where s daisy ?
his companion looked startled as daisy appeared in front of them and she threw ryan a quizzical glance .
he had nt really toyed with the idea of being in the same place as both sophie and daisy and was having to think fast .
said daisy , clasping her hands together with joy .
asked daisy , recognising her voice .
suddenly she and ryan noticed a creature slink its way out of the crowd behind daisy .
said daisy gleefully .
ryan leaned over to daisy .
they reached the stage at the same time as daisy and billy arrived from the other side .
said daisy breezily .
cried daisy .
i live next door to dizz , i mean daisy .
wow , said daisy .
exclaimed daisy excitedly .
one by one the others appeared in their true forms ; daisy , frdric a gawky looking boy with tanned skin and a single eyebrow then earl , who did nt look a lot different from his avatar , and isabella a petite brunette whom all the boys suddenly developed a keen interest in .
i did , said daisy , arriving triumphantly with a beaming smile on her face .
how s daisy ?
tristram said you might come back quite spectacularly , smiled daisy .
no , i m okay i think , said daisy .
oh that s a shame , said daisy .
scolded daisy .
ryan , daisy ; great to have you back !
said daisy , throwing her arms round him and giving him a huge hug .
said daisy excitedly .
oh i do nt know , said daisy .
no , i do nt think so , said daisy airily .
and that brought him to the second point : he shared something in common with billy richards , as well as daisy , which stood to put his hard - earned school reputation in jeopardy .
somehow he had to keep it a secret , which would be no problem for him , however there was no telling how daisy would act towards him now .
ah , that s better , grinned daisy , her teeth covered in chocolate .
he reached out a hand and helped daisy to her feet .
i guess so , daisy replied .
i know you like to tease me , ryan , said daisy airily .
i wonder how sophie and billy will be feeling after last night , mused daisy .
smiled daisy .
he had only just cleared the main gate and started up the road when , from seemingly out of nowhere , daisy appeared .
asked daisy suddenly , when they had walked on for a while longer .
the idea of daisy coming over and entering his fortress of boy - dom set a precedent that he was nt entirely comfortable with .
at first she only saw ryan and looked like she was about to tear a strip off him , but then she caught sight of daisy and her demeanour swiftly changed .
hello mrs butler , replied daisy , with an even bigger smile .
that was easy , smiled daisy .
said daisy , clapping her hands , almost unable to contain herself .
your parents have been decorating , daisy exclaimed as she stepped over the threshold .
its lovely , all of it , said daisy , peering through the archway that led into the living room .
i ca nt wait to go to bed and find out what happens next , said daisy excitedly .
its its so different , daisy gasped as she caught sight of the posters on the wall , the large tv and the computer in the corner .
ryan could nt tell whether daisy was impressed , disappointed , or a mixture of the two .
wow , cooed daisy .
how very naughty of them , said daisy .
said daisy , clapping her hands in excitement .
oh , said daisy , looking crestfallen .
try dreamweavers , suggested daisy .
asked daisy , her gaze remaining fixed on the screen .
web design , weddings , web design , murmured daisy as the descriptions scrolled past .
sandwiched between yet another pair of wedding sites was another , whose tag line read ; imagination is the only limit ... a bit cryptic , but it could be the one , said daisy , her eyes alive with anticipation .
do it , said daisy , almost under her breath .
why was he so convinced that daisy was anything but normal ?
its pretty , said daisy as ryan brought the view - point swooping in towards the spire .
asked daisy , noticing a small flight between two of the consoles , leading up to the ceiling .
so tristram can take the short route down , smiled daisy .
asked daisy , pointing at a thick , dark line leading away from one side of the spire all the way to the sea .
neither have i , said daisy .
cried daisy , turning away and holding her stomach .
well , we know what to ask tristram when we next see him , said daisy .
hang on , said daisy .
declared daisy .
i knew you d get it , giggled daisy .
not as much as if i stared at their breasts , i imagine , smiled daisy .
he had never heard daisy come out with such a comment before .
this caused daisy to squeal so loudly that ryan jumped and his second shot caught the soldiers accomplice in the leg , leaving him writhing around on the floor in agony .
but its horrible , protested daisy .
as he made his way through the level , his unerring knack for head - shots making his progress swift , daisy settled down and began to get quite into it .
finally , having secured the village just in time for reinforcements to arrive , he sat back and grinned at daisy .
a few moments later daisy was standing in front of a grim - faced drill sergeant , who was barking orders at her in an hilarious cockney accent .
said daisy , plunging straight into the assault course with great aplomb .
that was fun , daisy smiled , sitting back and feeling satisfied with her efforts .
a week ago the idea of ryan actively encouraging daisy to stay round his house a little longer would have sounded ludicrous .
asked daisy as they arrived in the kitchen and turned on the lights .
i love salad , said daisy .
relax ryan , i m joking , said daisy .
much of the magic from earlier in the evening had been lost , and he was back to thinking of daisy in much the same way as he had done before the week started .
for her part , daisy kept the situation from becoming really awkward by talking away about nothing in particular , only requiring the odd cursory grunt of acknowledgement from ryan in return .
soon afterwards daisy left , but not before she had reminded ryan that he owed her a walk in the countryside in return for playing the games .
he pointed to where daisy rose was holding a large stick in both hands and flourishing one end gracefully across the ground .
he was so wrapped up in his own glory that as he opened the front door and stepped outside he almost walked straight through daisy , who was just reaching for the doorbell .
oh hello daisy .
oh no , i was just seeing if ryan wanted to come for a walk with me , said daisy , as honest and to the point as ever .
suggested daisy , sensing their subliminal interaction .
he just nodded at daisy and scurried off to the car .
in truth , it was not much further than the walk back from school he actually passed the gates on his way and the biggest surprise was that he did not bump into daisy as he went .
he dashed back into the corridor and almost ran straight through daisy in his eagerness to catch tristram up .
squealed daisy , squeezing him hard , though he barely felt a thing .
with daisy a weightless passenger he covered the ground with ease , sprinting across the rugged the terrain and crushing rocks and stones under foot .
he must have found the dream he was looking for , said daisy .
boys , do nt start , said daisy , climbing off ryans back .
they set off back the way they had come , moving at a light jog to maintain their sense of urgency except daisy of course , who just drifted calmly up the middle of the river staring intently at the images passing beneath her .
never mind that , said daisy , again trying to cut through the tension .
billy weighed a good deal more than daisy , but it did not present him with any problems ; his strength felt limitless on the isle .
we d better follow him before he gets into trouble , said daisy .
a movement to his right shattered his focus and he looked over to see the ghostly shape of daisy rose creeping slowly towards him .
asked daisy , her voice so hushed that a snowflake landing on her shoulder could well have drowned it out .
you boys are unbelievable , said daisy exasperatedly .
that s where we ve just come from , whispered daisy .
asked daisy , looking at ryan .
said daisy , pointing ahead of them and to the right .
ryan and daisy did not waste a moment in following him .
cried daisy , dropping back alongside him .
come on ryan , pleaded daisy .
maybe over ten metres ryan , shh , hissed daisy .
said daisy through gritted teeth .
he turned his head to the right and was shocked to find daisy roses face barely an inch from his .
glowering wildly at his captors , there was nothing he could do but sit and watch as they turned their attentions to daisy .
ryan was nt sure how much daisy knew about interrogation , and while he did nt exactly relish the prospect of being tortured for information he did feel that she was giving in a tad easily .
you re very cute , replied daisy , smiling .
i did nt mean to upset you , said daisy .
i m telling you the truth , said daisy , her smile finally starting to fade .
he did his best to wipe them off on his chest and then sat back and looked across at daisy .
he looked at daisy and mumbled something incoherent , before settling back and closing his eyes .
started daisy , but her voice trailed away as his eyes snapped open and gave her a look that demanded silence .
he writhed around on the floor of the truck in a fit of ecstasy , while daisy looked on , not knowing whether to laugh or scream .
asked daisy nervously .
asked daisy incredulously .
no thanks , daisy smiled .
ryan , i ve been thinking , said daisy after a while .
through the gloom in the back of the truck , daisy gave him an admiring look .
and yet here we are trying to save sophie from who - knows - what , smiled daisy .
all the boys like her , nodded daisy .
that s because i m a loony , daisy smiled .
there was now more light filtering into the cramped space ryan and daisy were occupying , and as the engine was switched off they became aware of a general hubbub outside .
ryan and daisy gave no resistance as they were hauled out of the vehicle , their expressions curious rather than fearful .
giggled daisy .
ryan nodded sullenly and looked over at daisy , who nodded too .
he looked across at daisy and shook his head .
she looked wide - eyed and fearful ; a ghost of the daisy rose he knew .
he wanted to embrace her ; to hold her and tell her everything was going to be all right , so that the true daisy would return .
no , please , cried daisy .
ryan sagged and gave daisy a defeated look .
he looked to his left and saw daisy rose sitting next to him with her head in her hands , which were still bound together .
in another tent , said daisy .
we could dreamweave until we do , suggested daisy .
ryan looked at daisy , who had cheered up no end .
you okay daisy ?
all right daisy , ryan , he nodded .
you have been busy , smiled daisy .
billy rolled his eyes and looked at daisy .
ryan clenched his fist into a ball , but daisy put a gentle hand on his arm and gave him a warm smile .
asked daisy calmly .
billy gave daisy a worried glance .
no , said daisy .
the easiest escape in history , and the shortest , said daisy ruefully .
that s not helpful , ryan , scolded daisy .
shouted daisy , so loudly that both boys jumped without the buggys assistance .
cried daisy , grabbing him so hard from behind that she almost strangled him .
the point where he , daisy and billy had entered the dream was somehow lodged in the back of his mind like a bookmark .
he set off along the rocky bank , keeping his eyes or whatever optical devices his head was fitted with peeled for any sign of billy and daisy tearing through the countryside in a heavily modified golf buggy .
do nt tell me you brought daisy too .
that s daisy and billy up there !
suddenly the unmistakable silhouette of daisy rose appeared in front of the vehicle , her features cast into shadow by the glare of its lights .
the awkward shape of billy richards appeared beside daisy and gave them a curt , far less enthusiastic wave .
oh we ve been fine , beamed daisy .
oh no , said daisy .
ryan found himself sitting next to daisy in one of the rear - facing seats , as billy had positioned himself up front with tristram .
the machine let out a raging howl and lurched forward , sinking down so far on its rear suspension that ryan and daisy were perilously close to being thrown onto the enormous rear wheels .
there was a beautiful moment of near - weightlessness as the vehicle reached the zenith of its travel , and ryan could nt help throwing daisy a mad smile .
were fine , thank you , said daisy , who was still holding ryans hand and seemed unflustered by the whole experience .
cried daisy , almost before she had resurfaced .
cried daisy joyfully , but ryan immediately clamped his hand over her mouth .
actually , ryan has walked to and from school every day for the past week , put in daisy .
ryan looked at daisy and rolled his eyes .
tristram silently bade ryan and daisy to stay where they were while he crept forward to investigate .
sensing that danger was not imminent , ryan beckoned to daisy and the two of them crept over to where tristram was standing , motionless .
he sensed tristram and daisy join him , and the creature shrank away upon seeing the other two intruders .
its just us , i m afraid , said daisy .
but we ve got to try , said daisy .
well set you free , said daisy immediately , with a look at tristram .
asked daisy sweetly , kneeling back down in front of them again .
of course we will , said daisy cheerily , and she headed out to join the others , who were climbing into the cable car .
asked daisy , who , for once , was not smiling .
suggested daisy , with a kind look .
he opened his eyes and found that his was still in the cable car , with daisy sitting to his left and tristram standing in front of them .
tristram looked from him to daisy and back again , momentarily lost .
tristram led the way , with daisy following and ryan bringing up the rear , more out of boyish pride than any real desire .
ryan and daisy both nodded .
with tristrams back turned it was up to him and daisy to be ready for any eventualities .
hissed daisy .
if you ca nt send us back then maybe they ca nt get in , suggested daisy .
when she reached them she gave tristram and ryan a quick hug , and even spared daisy a smile of acknowledgement .
ryan heard an intake of breath from daisy , but he managed to open his mouth first .
he nodded at daisy .
tristram froze , and ryan heard a gasp from daisy , who had obediently seated herself at the table .
he pointed at tristram , who was sitting with his head in his hands while daisy stroked his arm anxiously .
please , do nt cried daisy .
he took up the seat opposite daisy , with sophie to his right and tristram , on the end , to his left .
he tried to give daisy a reassuring smile , but failed .
his friend was sitting next to daisy , looking neither afraid nor angry about what was going on ; merely perplexed .
he gave a pirouette and dropped smoothly down on to one knee next to daisy , offering her a black rose from his lapel .
sophie looked repelled by the idea and daisy was genuinely scared , but both girls got to their feet ; there was little point in resisting .
sophies tear - streaked face wore a deathly mask and daisy had her head in her hands and was sobbing uncontrollably .
across the table he saw jack doing the same to a distraught daisy .
out of the corner of his eye he spied daisy and jack racing towards the door up ahead .
cried daisy , grabbing him by the arm .
said daisy , pulling on his arm .
he and daisy backed up further .
you ca nt take them all on , said daisy .
cried daisy , but the gap was almost closed .
now , you go and sort yourself out before daisy comes over .
it was nt like he was off to church with his grandparents , but after all they had been through in the dream , and the care and concern daisy had shown for him , he felt he owed it to her to make a bit of an effort .
perhaps he would be able to understand some of what daisy rose was on about for a change .
in any case , it came as little surprise that he was still several yards from the front door when it flew open and out bowled daisy , almost falling over herself to embrace him .
he positively glowed in the early afternoon sunlight , and there was no way he could look daisy in the eye .
he smiled at daisy rose as they walked together up the lane towards one of their old haunts .
on more than one occasion in the past he had returned from an adventure with daisy soaking wet and caked in mud from head to foot .
replied daisy , happily hopping down into the mud .
well , we never did find any snakes in it , said daisy as they negotiated the mire .
yes , all the time , daisy giggled .
i think she was fine , said daisy .
he grinned at daisy , who smiled sweetly back but seemed to be expecting more from him .
pretty much , shrugged daisy .
do nt remind me , said daisy with a shudder .
when he reached the end of his tale , daisy stopped on the narrow trail they were following and turned to face him .
here we are , smiled daisy .
like i said ; hardly anyone comes here , but people occasionally find it , said daisy .
i really do nt know , daisy laughed .
that s good , said daisy .
asked daisy , starting to climb back down .
with the line taut and the stick between his legs , he gave daisy a wink and then pushed himself into the air .
as he came into land next to daisy , he looked back out at it and a thought struck him .
he ran back to daisy and prepared for another go .
shouted daisy , egging him on .
shouted daisy in reply .
she says the police have just called round , cried daisy .
he lay there for a moment , listening to daisy reassuring his mum that what had just occurred was nothing and that he was fine .
you forgot the trolley , smiled daisy , helping him to his feet when he arrived .
he wiped his hands on the only piece of clothing that was still clean and took the phone from daisy .
i had the police round earlier looking for you , and i ve just heard from the roses that they want to speak to daisy too .
a moment later , he roared at the top of his lungs for a full five seconds , causing daisy to step away from him in fright .
this is poppy and across the way is her best friend , daisy .
he repeated the process with my left leg until i was left with an unflattering pair of daisy dukes .
` ` sorry , daisy , honey , you 'll have to stay home with dad .
entering the house through the kitchen door , daisy greeted her , jumping up and down excitedly .
she missed him and her pets daisy and bailey .
she wished she could go home to westfield and sleep in her own room with her pets , daisy and bailey .
the furnishings were sparsea twin bed covered with a pale yellow quilt of faded daisies , a nightstand with the lamp , and a small dresser .
then my eyeballs catch the movement to my right as i spy on the full size yellow like a daisy van as beck and becks wheelchair lounges on the solid eight foot platform elevating to the lip of the rear flooring of his service van for home since both of us are the last academic students to leave the high school campus for the day .
each bird drops a soft single petal of flora roses and daisy flowers upon the cool marble .
the house was perfectly kept , surrounded by a pristine garden filled with daisies that she had engineered to grow to the size of sunflowers .
i had smashed some daisies , but my hands felt a bit better .
she held a handful of white daisies in her lap .
her foster mother helped her find the woman with the empty womb who held white daisies in her hand .
the meeting was set and kristina came with a bouquet of white daisies in her hand .
fresh garlands of daisies run down every pew , fragrant flowers are strewn on the altar .
this is why i m surrounded by dandelions , roses , tulips , and daisies and a couple of other rare flowers marigolds , asters , jonquils , narcissus , and rosemary .
the one pushing up daisies .
then daisies , sunflowers , birds of paradise , azaleas flowers of all kinds .
i have a strange dream of zac and me in the school park filled with yellow daisies .
caroline reached out for tim and daniel , creating a daisy chain of floating seats .
they walked past goofys house , which had a playground for toddlers in the backyard , and donalds boat , named the miss daisy .
i smell , not the fragrance of roses , carnations , daisies , tulips or buttercups , we walk down the hill through the flat meadow of flowers then down into the dark soil .
and were to wait for daisy .
mine is daisy .
then he remembered : daisy .
he decided to skip over his meeting with daisy , thinking that the kid would be in a better position to make and keep promises once he had a body again .
justin took a deep breath and looked at daisy .
would nt it be better if there were one king , and he pressed on , seeing daisy puffing up with retorts , he were to make everything right for the goblins ?
look , daisy , he said calmly .
anacresia , another small town i invented , is the town setting of the paranormal romance of teenager human nick and almost a century old ghost daisy in another book of mine titled ' fading out ' .
samantha motioned for alex to have a seat at the table and she obeyed , as her mother shifted around their three room cabin , grabbing the necessary supplies for a proper washing : the half - rusted aluminum basin , a bucket of water , a throwaway rag , a second basin for rinsing , and a bar of goat milk soap courtesy of daisy , rest her soul .
some say 53 ai nt old , but he was nt no daisy , and he worked hard to see my dangling balls .
i looked down at poodle , i had the beginnings of a plan , and it was a daisy , but it would take time to work out .
i remember later that day i had a special birthday tea party with my dad using my pink tea set with daisies on it .
he gave me flower bouquets filled with blue irises , my favourite , and roses , daisies and all sorts of different varieties to fill my room .
it had a fleet of semi - trailers , loaded down with four - metre long papier - mach wrenches and giant thrones made of paper daisies that the oldies in the nursing home folded by using their dentures or whatever .
rosemary , in her wake , dined slyly on marigolds , delphiniums and everlasting daisies .
as i chewed , i watched rosemary pick an everlasting daisy from the few flowers remaining around garlic .
) ; she is wearing a white frilly nightgown with tiny daisies ( like we used to wear ) and it rides up her stomach .
you know , planting daisies around the graveyard .
anne smiled as she heard daisy in the background giving orders and skillfully guiding the movers so that her things were in the right place .
harley bounded from the edge of the house , noticed daisy , and nearly knocked her down .
he moved to the table and watched daisy pour his coffee and plunk a couple of rolls on a plate , then looked at anne .
placing his cup in the sink , he thanked daisy , and left the room through the kitchen door .
when it comes to farming , hank is set in his ways , said daisy .
frowning , anne looked at daisy , did you know about this ?
< > < > < > michael sipped his coffee and studied anne from her kitchen window , while daisy talked to the movers in the hallway .
you should nt believe all you hear , daisy .
as she neared the back door to the kitchen , she overheard daisy talking with someone .
confused she looked from michael to daisy .
did nt daisy tell you i m your closest neighbor ?
she was so filled with annoyance that she did nt notice daisy suddenly beside her .
once she completed this celebratory run , shed go home to tell hank and daisy .
he called on daisy one week to ask her to help him interview a housekeeper .
i stopped at the farm and daisy told me you would be here .
shed forgotten daisy was leaving for a visit with her sister .
besides daisy is ... '' daisy is probably in illinois by now .
besides daisy is ... '' daisy is probably in illinois by now .
michael waited for harley to jump down , and then led him to the back of the house in search of daisy .
there was a sparkle in daisy 's eyes and one eyebrow raised when she met him on the stairs .
the door opened and daisy peered inside .
oh , daisy , i m sorry .
what are you talking about , daisy ?
harley bounded onto the porch with a ball in his mouth , as daisy joined them .
a lot has happened today , daisy .
she heard a noise down the hall , and then saw daisy moving toward her with a large mug of steaming coffee .
she is hanging onto her sanity with a thin thread , said daisy , trying to hide the quick tears that came to her eyes .
anne heard some brief conversation , then heard daisy coming back up the stairs .
sheriff miller sat at the round oak table , absently petting harley as he watched daisy cook .
good morning , sheriff miller , said anne , as daisy brought three cups of steaming coffee to the table .
sheriff miller glared at daisy , and then looked down at his food , choosing to ignore her outburst .
with that , daisy left the room , still seriously pissed off about the sheriffs insinuation .
said daisy as she rolled her eyes .
yes , it was in a stack of mail that daisy brought in , she replied .
she thought the house was too quiet without daisy and harley .
she missed daisy , hank and the farm .
abbott motioned me through an archway to the kitchen , where the wallpaper had daisies and the appliances had nt been updated since the 50s .
in the summer when the garden was in full bloom she kept the silk daisy in the glove box , filled the little vase with water and placed a fresh rose stem into it .
a lamp perched beside a clock on the bedside table and a vase filled with yellow and orange daisies sat on top of a chest of drawers .
she shook her head against the glass as she stared solemnly at a lone daisy not ten feet away .
on the other hand , seeing as were dealing with immortals here , they will likely start to pop back up like daisies in the next few minutes , he added with a grimace .
this apparently enraged susans stalker , and he reacted by tearing up her garden , cutting all of the heads off of her daisies .
the coffin , at the foot of the altar , was completely covered in yellow roses and white daisies .
next to eleonora 's coffin there was that of luca , it too covered in red and yellow daisies .
he looked as fresh as a daisy , his shirt ironed , which struck lance as definitely strange .
within the vision he flashed to the location where the sun struck and saw grasses lightly blowing and a few daisies in the fields as well as sunflowers growing up a hill at the base of the opposing mountains .
maybe she should pick a daisy from the garden : get rid of him , get rid of him not .
a single daisy in his hand .
miniature fields of colourful poppies and daisies wave in the breeze , exuding health .
vases with floral patterns of bright gerberas and daisies , an abundance of animal figurines .
she says , carefully churning a silver spoon inside a teacup decorated with a daisy pattern .
the card was plain gray with white writing , and the picture of a field of daisies imposed as a background .
on the desk , there were daisies , and the walls had pictures of her family alongside her credentials .
so once they were pushing up the daisies or sitting on someone 's fireplace , in theory , i should be still kicking about in misty falls .
the effect was like a daisy chain it was impossible to see where the link began and ended .
` ` but i 'll be leaving myself soon enough , pushing up the daisies as they say .
putting the truck into gear he drove slowly forward , attention fixed on the little group now stationary outside the daisy tea rooms .
he had a name like a i asked , was the name daisy ?
true concern seemed to cramp his face for a moment , and he asked : so you re worried about this daisy fellah ?
you could say i m a bit worried about the daisy fellah .
my crazy friend was prone to artist interpretation but if i were wrong ( or he d been overly creative ) , this would be the last act of dexter daisy -- a final sprint .
tell me about the yellow daisy lodge , said zachary .
i simply love the yellow daisy lodge .
yes , there has been talk of that at the yellow daisy lodge , though i probably would nt have noticed it myself .
at the yellow daisy lodge were there any theories tossed about as to why the curse had repeatedly struck at the bloodline male thurmonds but never the bloodline female thurmonds ?
but they pointed out that one main difference between the males and the females of the family is that the males vacation at the gray cliff lodge and that the females vacation at the yellow daisy lodge .
so where do you send sawyer and teddy while you attend the yellow daisy lodge ?
he had populated half the list in his mind when he suddenly exclaimed , the yellow daisy lodge !
holy christ , all the females are together right now at the yellow daisy lodge .
where is this yellow daisy lodge ?
but first things first -- he needed to find the address for the yellow daisy lodge : an agent handing him a cell phone , she is on the line .
i need you to find the address for the yellow daisy lodge , said zachary .
so , dr . dunbar , what do you think we are dealing with at this yellow daisy lodge ?
but then he thought about the question logically , mentally turning to his gathered thurmond data and recalling the specifics of selected charts : first he recalled that thurmond males and females were comparable in their overallcmrpositive andcmrnegative occurrences , which meant that the yellow daisy lodge had a similarcmrpositive population , in terms of total numbers .
but what did this indicate for thecmrpositive thurmond females and the yellow daisy lodge ?
but where did this leave thecmrpositive thurmond females and yellow daisy lodge ?
therefore , he replied as confidently as possible to stevens question concerning the yellow daisy lodge , mr . smith , raid the yellow daisy lodge if you feel it necessary .
therefore , he replied as confidently as possible to stevens question concerning the yellow daisy lodge , mr . smith , raid the yellow daisy lodge if you feel it necessary .
so while on a personal level i would advise against raiding this old mans house , i ca nt say with absolute 100 % scientific certainty like i can with the yellow daisy lodge that you should not .
so things are nt happening at the yellow daisy lodge like they were happening here .
but by combining my observations here with my previous data , i know they are nt going to find anything at the yellow daisy lodge -- .
at home zachary slept for 16 hours straight , and once awake he remained in his bed , though from time to time scanning online newspapers and channel surfing news stations for new developments : after the yellow daisy lodge raid and the yellow daisy raid analysis had concluded , zachary was proven correct : there was not a shred of evidence connecting the yellow daisy lodge with a single incidence ofcmr .
at home zachary slept for 16 hours straight , and once awake he remained in his bed , though from time to time scanning online newspapers and channel surfing news stations for new developments : after the yellow daisy lodge raid and the yellow daisy raid analysis had concluded , zachary was proven correct : there was not a shred of evidence connecting the yellow daisy lodge with a single incidence ofcmr .
at home zachary slept for 16 hours straight , and once awake he remained in his bed , though from time to time scanning online newspapers and channel surfing news stations for new developments : after the yellow daisy lodge raid and the yellow daisy raid analysis had concluded , zachary was proven correct : there was not a shred of evidence connecting the yellow daisy lodge with a single incidence ofcmr .
well , before we left they wanted to know my opinion of yellow daisy lodge and by synthesizing various data , one them being your previous theory , i reached the conclusion that those women posed no danger -- .
he thought of a day just like this when they lay in a meadow full of daisies and talked of what their life was going to be like .
look at all the daisies !
cole took a daisy from the casket and slipped it through her jacket lapel .
the place was trashed and at first i thought you were pushing up daisies , but then i saw you oxygenating .
pauls grave had a bright - red bouquet of gerbera daisies on top .
last spring lila butler had planted geraniums , pansies , daisies , marigolds , sword lilies , and dahlias .
you do nt often find wagner in a field of daisies .
my mother , or miss daisy , as she prefers to be called lately , wore a beltless purple and red safari skirt and birkenstocksthink hollywood meets woodstock .
i noticed that mom , or miss daisy , as she calls herself when she s in one of her psychic states , was finally losing the cat woman look .
karmas elderly manager , harriett nordquist , made a snortle , something between a snort and a chortle , before she leaned over to my best friend , natalie bump , and said , i think lolly should stay in biloxi and miss daisy is crazy .
he led the way along the grassy path , dotted with daisies , which skirted the seaward side of the hill .
otherwise , i would surely be pushing up daisies .
the second time i got it right , though daisy looked a little put out by my constant rearranging .
i brought daisy and socks up alongside him .
i told daisy and socks as we drove into the town proper .
all the horses flinched , though daisy and socks should have been used to pa 's noises by now .
i click - clicked my tongue and daisy and socks lurched forward , leaving the nasty lawman behind me .
my main thought though , was that i hoped daisy and socks would keep their steady pace , otherwise i was n't exactly sure what i 'd hit when i squeezed the trigger .
as i drove daisy and socks down the angled street , searching for the undertaker 's sign , i hoped the grim reaper would leave me be for a while .
i reined daisy and socks to a halt and nodded at him .
but maybe that was a requirement of being a lawman in the dakota territory , i thought as i maneuvered daisy and socks around .
i kept daisy and socks , though sarge insisted that i needed a quick horse to be a real cowboy .
i coaxed daisy away from socks , on the excuse of taking her for a little exercise if anyone should later question me about it then slid onto her bare back and gently nudged her toward the hills .
i cocked my head as i rode , ignoring the sound of daisy 's hooves hitting the earth and dog 's panting breaths .
i dismounted and led daisy toward where jaw - long was busy pulling discs out of the rough bark of a gnarled ponderosa pine .
i put juan back in the corral i was n't in a mood for any of his shenanigans and hopped atop socks , who was none too happy about being separated from daisy and a patch of new grass .
this is socks and the other one is daisy .
socks and daisy put up a token fuss for not being included , but soon ignored us when i tossed them each a thin carrot .
in a different time and place , i fear you 'd be pushing up daisies . ''
as for dana , she s wearing a turquoise bikini top to go with a pair of daisy dukes but is already complaining that her fair skin is getting scorched .
stretch was due to pick her up the next morning and she wanted to get home from her shopping and take a nice hot bath and get to bed early so she was fresh as a daisy when he arrived at her door .
roses , daisies , and i love tulips . ''
they are for daisy charity .
the paperwork says they are for daisy children 's charity and they come from freeways freight forwarding in milan .
but there is no daisy children 's charity in sierra leone .
and i saw labels with daisy charity on these boxes also . ''
one hind leg is too long - and perhaps you need to add a simple flower , a daisy perhaps - white and yellow - good contrast .
` ` definitely needs a flower , behind its back ... .. yellow anthers , white petals , like a daisy ... ... .perhaps two flowers ... .. one in full bloom , the other just opening ... ... .. need to finish it today ... ... .then tomorrow ? ... ... .start another ... ... .i ' ve not finished yet .
and i have another two hundred boxes full of old newspapers that i have to spray with nice blue marks for daisy children 's charity and ... ... .. why ?
` ` there is no daisy children 's charity in sierra leone , '' said the manager , ` ` neither is there a charity called schools aid , but we checked and there is a charity called schools aid for africa in england .
and had they ever meet anyone from daisy children 's charity ?
in sierra leone their contact is an organisation called daisy children 's charity , but things get stolen and taken to liberia and nigeria .
and the glass bottle with the distinctive diamond and daisy pattern , that s an original henry william stiegel she nods and smiles .
i admired the whole scene , down to the last faded daisy on the yellow wallpaper .
maggie holds the phone under her chin and starts to make a daisy chain out of paper clips .
she gives up on the daisy chain at twenty paper clips .
she suddenly felt scruffy in her mini dress covered in daisies .
it was a silver chain with a ceramic daisy on the end .
carefully samantha cleared away the primrose vine and deposited the daisies into the canister between the two headstones .
a long - ago memory cut through her murky thoughts momma tending the pink calla lilies amid clusters of white daisies swaying in the breeze , the warm washington sun streaming down on her white hat .
herere a few daisies for you , momma , samantha said stiffly .
luther glanced around as if it were an adult bookstore , then ducked inside where daisy was waiting behind a magazine .
' d'accord , daisy .
and i 'll go get some steam up with daisy and her friends . ''
her black leather miniskirt was so short that robbie could see the daisy pattern on her white cotton panties .
tailed him around the daisy chain and right back to his office building .
for someone who 's just stepped off a plane , you look fresh as a daisy .
if she had n't started her own firm , if jason were n't ' dead , ' if she had n't gone to ronnie , if bamber were n't working for noah , if , if , ifand # 133 ; but they 'd all happened , and like a daisy chain she could look back and see how all these events interlocked , how one led inexorably to another , and how the end result was always the same : the death of ronnie hart .
` ` and since when did you go in for floral curtains with pink and yellow daisies ? ''
the old woman selling flowers by the entrance was astonished to receive twenty american dollars for a bouquet of wilted daisies and sunflowers .
their contact had assured them his only concern was that they arrive in america in the best of condition , as fresh as daisies .
a corridor to the left of the reception desk takes us to two large , blond , glass - inset doors marked daisy and bluebell , the names of the wings to which they give entrance .
we move into daisy .
alone of all the residents of daisy wing , burny is not asleep .
the ambulance conveyed burnside to max - ton 's at the expense of the generous public , and grumpy chipper slammed him into daisy wing .
and oh god , there goes the worst of them now , shuffling slowly down the corridor of daisy .
charles burnside is now alone at the head of the daisy corridor .
charles burnside enters the men 's room at the head of the daisy corridor , still grinning and clutching butch 's pet rock .
faced with the choice of walking ten yards to the daisy corridor men 's room to flush his cigarette down a toilet or walking ten feet to the entrance and pitching it into the parking lot , pete had sensibly elected outdoor disposal .
he shuffles absently toward daisy wing , head drooping , feet scuffing the floor .
in daisy wing , home of the wonderful alice weathers and the far less wonderful charles burnside , pete wexler and butch yerxa have both gone home for the day .
he stands at the head of daisy 's corridor like a machine that has been turned off .
down past the end of daisy wing , across the handsome lobby , and through rebecca vilas 's little cubicle , chipper maxton is concerned with matters considerably more mundane .
he is dimly aware that beezer is pulling out his gun , and he supposes he should do the same , but part of his problem is that the memory of a child named daisy temperly has moved into his mind , and the memory of daisy temperly paralyzes his will .
he is dimly aware that beezer is pulling out his gun , and he supposes he should do the same , but part of his problem is that the memory of a child named daisy temperly has moved into his mind , and the memory of daisy temperly paralyzes his will .
in a moment suspended throughout eternity , the same hand scribbles a post - op prescription for daisy temperly .
luckily for us , that charming old party charles burnside , who can always be depended upon to slip a whoopee cushion under the governor 's seat during a banquet , to pour a little hot sauce into the stew , to fart at the prayer meeting , is at this moment emerging from a toilet bowl and into a stall in the men 's room on daisy wing .
` ` mr . maxton does n't like the residents to go into the other wings , so please stay in daisy . ''
down the corridor of daisy wing he shuffles , across the empty lobby , and up to the burnished door further distinguished by the brass nameplate reading william maxton , director .
when he reaches the beginning of the daisy corridor , two baby - faced policemen burst through the opening in the hedge .
a moment later , he has entered the daisy wing men 's room and is hotfooting it toward one of the stalls .
he does n't ever talk about daisy temperly , the girl he killed with an errant scratch of ink on a prescription pad , but he can see her now as clearly as the make - believe cowboys on the sand bar 's tv .
the official greeter is daisy temperly , doc 's brown - eyed girl .
he is standing in the doorway , in the very spot where daisy greeted her old physician .
chrysanthemums , daisies , and other flowers i could n't identify mixed in a medley of warm colors against their dark green background .
he thinks i ' m gatsby to his daisy .
` ` boy , we 're gon na run electricity through your body until you are dead , '' maxine said , coming forward in a daisy print housedress , her jaw swollen , bright black eyes shining .
lucian peered at the large man with the wooden sunflower sticking out of his chest , and commented , ` ` well this makes a change from the old pushing up daisies . ''
` ` upsy daisy , rachel .
the roofing leads opened up like a daisy .
and neither would i. becky stood out like a daisy in a sea of dead roses in her cheery colors , while we were dark in our morbid outfits .
not toward him , which would be a stupid thing to do considering his telepathic skills could sweep mine under the nearby daisies and stomp all over them , but toward the house .
she noticed the thin veins in the leaves of the daisy in the glass vase on the table , the extraordinary petals and each round pollen center .
` ` fresh as a daisy , '' maxwell said .
something about blood and daisies .
i thought he was going to turn up his toes to the daisies .
patches of summer daisies interrupted the grass with splashes of white and yellow .
i thought rachel was pissing on my daisies about knowing you .
` ` i thought he was pissing in my daisies . ''
nicholas takes a seat next to me , smelling like daisies , rain , and perfume .
she wears a yellow sundress embroidered with white daisies .
kisten reached past me to pluck an early daisy from the vase beside mr .
the plate of toast went on it , shortly followed by the daisy he 'd taken from the windowsill .
` ` this stuff tastes like it 's already been through the bee , '' he said , rising to place it with the rest , ` ` but seeing as the only flowers they have here are stale daisies and dehydrated roses , it will do . ''
` ` crap on my daisies , '' jenks breathed .
` ` tink 's daisies , '' jenks whispered to ivy behind my back .
` ` you ' ve got to be crapping in my daisies , '' jenks said from my earring , and i took my sunglasses off to get a better look .
from my shoulder came jenks 's loud comment , ` ` piss on my daisies , i knew there was something i liked about the little cookie maker . ''
from the glimpse she had of him , he 'd been wearing black cargo - style pants that were too big for him , flip - flops with daisies on top , and some kind of satin vest with no shirt , probably because he just forgot to put one on .
but i thought i heard a tinge of guilt in his voice , and he was n't humming his victory song about daisies and steel glinting red in the moonlight , either .
they murmured hel o , then jenna shot me a look and mouthed , ` ` daisy ?
with her jet - black hair and translucent skin , this girl looked a lot more like a lilith or a lenore than a daisy .
` ` i ' m glad to see you and daisy getting to know one another , sophia .
` ` daisy , did n't we tel you sophie had a wonderful sense of humor ?
nick headed over to the buffet , flashing a wink at daisy , whose lips curved in response .
unlike daisy , he was american .
` ` what about you , daisy ?
` ` i ' m guessing you ' ve worked out that daisy and i are your siblings in demonhood ? ''
` ` daisy asked , reaching across me for the marmalade .
i remembered what dad had said about both daisy and nick nearly being murdered , and tried not to stare .
everyone at the table was deathly silent , and next to me , daisy shuddered .
` ` something crackled against my skin like electricity , and daisy 's hair ruffled .
if you 're finished with breakfast , why do n't you and daisy go practice the exercises mr . atherton taught you ? ''
` ` meant to ask if daisy and i can take sophie and her friends out tonight . ''
did you see how weird they were with nick and daisy ?
he would be home later that evening , and we had his permission to go to the vil age with nick and daisy .
we were supposed to meet nick and daisy by the back entrance ( wherever that was ) at eight .
` ` i asked daisy .
` ` yeah , but if we wan na find out more about daisy and nick ... '' ` ` i know .
` ` daisy asked me in a low voice .
` ` she 's right , '' daisy admonished , pul ing on nick 's sleeve .
nick was nowhere in sight , but daisy was standing in the doorway .
` ` it used to be a corn mil for the estate , '' daisy replied .
even in the dim light , i could make out daisy 's incredulous look .
` ` wel , that sounds equal parts fun and terrifying , '' i muttered , but daisy was already too far ahead to hear me .
' '' nick laughed , earning him a swat from daisy .
when i felt like i could speak again , i asked daisy , ` ` so what exactly was that ?
` ` but like daisy said , the farther you go , the harder it is .
` ` they can only be created by very powerful witches , '' daisy continued while i tried to keep my skul from exploding .
i wondered if alice had made it , but before i could ask any more questions , daisy broke in .
` ` al right then , daisy and i wil have our usual . ''
` ` they have any kind of blood you could want on tap , '' daisy offered .
nick 's laugh abruptly ended , and even daisy bristled .
` ` jenna asked , but daisy leaned forward , cupping her hand around nick 's knee .
nick grumbled , but daisy caught his chin and gently pul ed his face to hers .
there was something about nick and daisy that made my skin crawl .
` ` he leaned back in the booth , wrapping his arm tighter around daisy .
` ` it 's like we were ... '' ` ` violated , '' nick finished , and daisy nodded slowly .
if that 's what being demons was like for nick and daisy , no wonder they drank al the time .
` ` daisy asked , looking more curious than worried .
that ` ` hazy '' feeling daisy had talked about did n't make for stel ar magic .
i hesitated for just a second before squeezing her hand in return and fol owing nick as he turned toward the back of the club , tugging daisy behind him .
i focused al my concentration on the prodigium in front of me , even as i pictured a sort of shield around daisy , nick , and jenna .
only daisy , nick , and jenna were left standing .
` ` nice one , sophie , '' nick said , clapping me on the shoulder as he and daisy stepped over the dazed prodigium and out the door .
` ` jenna , go with daisy and nick , '' i said , without taking my eyes from the hole .
she hesitated for a second before turning and fol owing daisy and nick .
i only hoped that daisy or nick had left some sort of demon bread crumbs for me to fol ow .
after more whispered apologies , daisy and nick headed for their rooms on the second floor , while jenna and i went up to our hal .
` ` did you learn anything about nick and daisy ? ''
did you have a nice time with daisy and nick last night ? ''
just like with daisy and nick , i could sense his power rol ing through his veins .
` ` nick and daisy , '' he said flatly .
` ` what about nick and daisy , dad ?
but it 's stil possible for nick and daisy . ''
` ` did your dad say anything about nick and daisy ? ''
` ` that 's actual y why i came out here , my darling , '' he said to daisy .
as daisy hooted with laughter , nick narrowed his eyes at me .
but now ... '' ` ` daisy and nick , '' i murmured .
you think someone took the grimoire out and used that spel to make daisy and nick demons ? ''
if i knew exactly what had been done to daisy and nick , then maybe it would help me figure out who did it to them .
` ` do you think whoever - or whatever - raised daisy and nick had that piece of paper ? ''
i entertained the idea of going back to bed , but when i opened the door to my room , i discovered nick and daisy waiting for me .
nick was holding the picture of my mom , while daisy lounged on my bed , flipping through my copy of the secret garden .
while nick no longer set my teeth on edge , i stil was n't crazy about him - or daisy for that matter - pawing through my stuff .
` ` such a waste of time , '' daisy murmured , tracing her finger over an il ustration of mary lennox wandering the hal s of misselthwaite .
` ` i think we 're being dismissed , my love , '' he said to daisy before pul ing her to her feet .
nick 's face creased with worry , but daisy waved him off .
i could n't have looked any worse than daisy , but i did n't say anything as she and nick left .
for the next three weeks , i kept a closer eye on nick and daisy .
not only did we have to take vix back to the airport , but also jenna , nick , daisy , and i had an appointment at lysander 's , a super - posh boutique .
nick sat next to her , with daisy on the other side .
they 'd tried on their costumes earlier , and while they 'd both looked great - nick in a white doublet , flowy shirt , and black pants ; daisy in a simple column of purple silk - i had no idea who they were supposed to be .
lara discreetly cleared her throat and said , ` ` nick , daisy , why do n't you come with me and let jenna and sophie get changed ?
i turned to see nick and daisy , each holding an empty crystal - and - silver goblet .
` ` daisy asked .
or pul the fabric of time so that- '' ` ` okay , that 's al real y awesome , nick , '' i said , tugging both him and daisy away from the witch .
if archer real y knew something about nick and daisy , maybe dad and i could get a better grip on what was going on here .
nick and daisy , the attempt on my life , the eye suddenly getting way more hard - core .
when he got back , i might have news of my own about nick and daisy .
` ` no , '' i said , thinking of daisy that night at shel ey 's .
` ` cross , my dad thinks if he can catch the people who changed nick and daisy , he can get them to reverse it , and stop a war between the eye and prodigium .
is there any way to check and see if nick and daisy were ever at hecate ?
i glanced over my shoulder and saw daisy standing at the top of the stairs , just inside the archway .
i thought of mom , and with one flick of my wrist , sent a burst of power crashing into daisy 's shoulder .
she was n't daisy , i reminded myself .
i was standing several feet away , on the staircase behind daisy .
he was breathing hard , one hand held out toward daisy .
` ` this is not you , '' he told daisy , and i could tel it was a struggle to keep his voice calm .
but not even the smal est hint of understanding flickered on daisy 's face .
moving so quickly we barely had time to react , daisy reached into her waistband and pul ed something out .
the substance sizzled in her hand , burning her , but daisy did n't flinch .
daisy rushed at me , demonglass hoisted high , and then there was a flash of light from above me - dad - but once again , it was like daisy could n't feel any pain .
the demonglass dropped harmlessly from her fingers , and for just a second , she looked like the daisy i knew .
` ` she gestured to daisy .
the daisy part of her , at least .
crouching down again , dad brushed daisy 's black hair from her forehead .
they picked up daisy with surprising gentleness , and carried her off to one of those mysterious cel s in the bowels of thorne abbey .
the thought of daisy , even a demoned - out murderous daisy , locked away , sent a fresh wave of sadness rol ing over me .
the thought of daisy , even a demoned - out murderous daisy , locked away , sent a fresh wave of sadness rol ing over me .
` ` dad , '' i said at last , ` ` daisy was going after me . ''
it stopped daisy dead in her tracks . ''
she 's the one who made nick and daisy .
and she sicced daisy on me because of it .
she only cal ed her off because daisy was about to hurt you .
` ` but daisy and nick- '' ` ` daisy in completely insensible now , and nick has no memory of anything that happened before he became a demon .
and after everything that 's happened with daisy , you can see why that 's very troubling . ''
that explained the gashes , but the thought of nick , every bit as savage as daisy had been , slicing into archer made bile rise up in my throat .
` ` i suspected you were the one who had raised daisy and nick , and i sent sophie and archer to investigate .
` ` nick and daisy ?
` ` nick and daisy are simply the ones you know about .
but then i remembered nick , and how sweet he 'd been with daisy , how his smile had reminded me of archer , and any satisfaction i felt withered immediately .
we stil have daisy .
anastasia , let daisy out of her cel . ''
` ` if we unleash daisy on them ... lara , what if we ca n't control her ? ''
probably down to the cel s to release daisy .
lara had freed daisy .
they raised nick and daisy , and now nick has kil ed a bunch of people .
` ` l'occhio di dio attacked the house because of it , and lara is using daisy against them .
still been trapped there when the council used daisy , another demon , to set thorne abbey on fire .
my voice wavered a little as i thought about nick and daisy , the two demon kids i 'd ... well , befriended was a strong word - i 'd gotten to know at thorne abbey .
the last time i 'd seen daisy , she 'd demoned out and tried to kill me , all thanks to lara casnoff .
because lara had turned them into demons , nick and daisy were under her control .
they have daisy , and they may have managed to corral nick .
the same night the casnoffs had used daisy to fight the eye , nick had gotten loose and gone on some kind of rampage .
and how he used to look at daisy .
for nick , and daisy , and chaston , and anna , and all the other kids they ' ve turned into weapons over the years .
i remembered its razor - edged wings and the way they 'd sliced into daisy 's arms , and my own arm trembled as i lifted it .
and somewhere downstairs were my mom and dad , the brannicks , nick and daisy ...
nick and daisy always eat all the bacon . ''
sitting down across from daisy , i started to chew and said , ` ` anything today ? ''
yes , we found nick and daisy and can bring them here .
i was glad nick had daisy .
i ascended the stairs and crept into the study , where i 'd once been greeted by my knight of the night , holding fresh - picked daisies .
i looked out the window and saw the deliveryman stepping into a white van with the words flower power spelled out in daisies .
in spite of the fact that the soldier had been out fighting all night , his handsome visage had appeared fresh as a daisy , his well - bred looks overshadowing the reality that he had slayer blood on his clothes and had been scraped and bruised .
she was dressed in a pink tight - fitting top with diamonds that spelled out bitch / princess , and white short - shorts that even daisy duke would have thrown out as too trashy .
brightly colored flowers - petunias , impatiens , daisies - were growing everywhere , by the sides of the path and in front of the buildings .
a daisy , fresh and innocent .
a perfect white daisy had fal en to the floor .
she had no doubt the daisy was from him .
was n't that what the daisy meant ?
when stefan walked by elena 's room again , the daisy was gone , and the subtle scent of her citrusy shampoo lingered in the hal way .
at the top of her bag , rather crushed and wilted now , was the daisy she 'd found outside her door at the beginning of the evening .
` ` a daisy , '' said damon dryly .
he had even brought a daisy in a little vase .
as my feet hit dirt , i saw ellen emerson and her daughter , daisy , walking arm in arm , trailed by two maids .
` ` stefan , '' daisy repeated , nodding as she took my hand .
if rosalyn and i were to get married , our children would be dancing with daisy 's children .
daisy 's mother nodded , and daisy and i were left under the watchful gaze of the emersons ' maid .
` ` miss emerson , we best be going inside to find your mama , '' daisy 's maid interrupted , tugging daisy 's arm through the wide double doors of the grange hall .
she had a basket of flowers on her lap and held a daisy to her nose , as if she did n't have a care in the world .
` ` daisies , magnolias , and bleeding heart will help you heal . ''
she plucked a daisy from the bunch , removing the petals one by one .
in the sunroom , the early - morning light was sparkling through the floor - to- ceiling windows , and the table was decorated with freshly cut daisies .
if i had one of her daisies , i could pluck the leaves and let the flower choose for me .
almost without thinking , i held up the vervain from my breast pocket , which looked as useless as a daisy clutched in my hand .
the grass was mowed , the hedges were perfectly trimmed , and he had set out some daisies in the flower beds near the house .
` ` it 's a daisy , '' her mom muttered , squinting with concentration , ` ` with twenty petals . ''
` ` crap on my daisies , '' jenks said , rising up and settling back down .
you got ta be pissing on my daisies !
` ` sweet daisies , i think i ' m going to crap my silk undies .
` ` how , by my bloody daisies , would i do that ?
onyx and scarlet clasped hands with me and we jumped up and down , giggling and cheering like a daisy circle .
they had their heads bowed and arms around each other 's shoulders so the overall effect was of a white - petaled flower with a brown center , like a daisy scattered with color from those strewn petals .
wild rose and lilac , bee 's balm and daisy , elena 's smile chases the winter away .
i wished i could flirt with daisy without fear of my fangs making an appearance .
it was almost midnight , and there was vetinari at his desk , fresh as a daisy and chilly as morning dew .
one was an arrangement of summer daisies , the other a carnation and mum mix .
the daisies were sitting downstairs with your name on them , so i brought them up . ''
as in ` ` pushing up daisies '' ?
surprised , i looked at the daisies as i took it .
jenks turned , his clever hands folding a daisy petal up to hold a handful of pollen .
fresh as a daisy , wearing her everyday wig .
` ` a white t - shirt with a red bra and ripped daisy dukes ? ''
strewn about us were couches and chairs of peach and gold velvet , tables with lustrous tops , more vases of magnificent lilies and great golden daisies , or so they seemed to me , and beneath all was a sprawling square carpet , reaching almost from the windows over the park to the edge of the circle in the rear .
the walls were bright and cheerful shades of rose and daisy yellow , and the apartment was furnished in some of the items he had collected over the years - a marvelous little french table , a few victorian settees , and an amazing art deco bedroom set entirely in mirrored glass .
the summerlins , daisy and hiram , built this house .
people began speaking to daisy and hiram and albert again .
` ` iggy , lou , an ' daisy , '' danny said proudly , bending down to pet his venomous charges , who yodeled more in their delight .
a long string of clear , glistening spittle dripped out of his oversize lips , but jackson was too busy cooing nonsense to the crude daisy tattooed on the back of his hand to pay attention .
` ` this is n't driving miss daisy .
i ' m just the driver , remember , miss daisy ?
several worn , weathered tombstones dotted the landscape , like faded brown and gray daisies that had sprouted up out of the bed of dead leaves , twigs , and grasses .
sophia bent down and plucked a daisy , one of several that had sprouted in the yard .
we stayed like that for a while , with sophia plucking and stripping down one daisy after another , until she 'd gone through a whole patch of them .
when sophia finished with her final daisy , she threw the stem away , although she remained hunkered down in the grass .
after a moment , she shuffled forward , keeping low and moving away from me and over to another patch of daisies .
around the pond , plants thrived in bordered flower beds : bright red and yellow canna flowers with big leaves , small purple and scarlet clusters of verbena , and dandelion - gold stars of yellow bush daisy .
flowers filled the terraces : roses , tulips , poppies , daisies , and odd but strikingly beautiful blossoms that looked like a cluster of inverted tulips hanging in an umbrella arrangement from a single purplish stem .
the shapeshifters around me seemed fresh as daisies .
werewolf wombs had to be made of steel , because not only did desandra not show any signs of distress , but she looked fresh as a daisy .
between the man in the cage and lorelei , i , on the other hand , was fresh as a daisy .
just think , a few inches lower and you might have been planting daisies over my head by now . ''
` ` i think it 's daisy or petunia or something like that . ''
it was a damn good thing daisy dukes were back in .
during the spring and summer , roses and daisies grew in wild profusion behind the white picket fence .
` ` why , he 's the one who tried to kill me all those years ago , '' mrs . heath said , her voice as calm as if they were discussing the color of her daisies .
ferns and white daisies decorated the altar .
the door to the wine cellar creaked like something out of an old vincent price movie as daisy pried it open with a crowbar .
although daisy had done this sort of thing many times before , it always startled her to look at one of the undead at rest , because they looked very dead indeed .
had daisy been a bounty hunter who destroyed the undead instead of a blood thief , she would have had to obtain proof of her kill , either a sample of blood , or -- grisly thought -- a hand or a finger .
when tina woke that night , she would know someone had siphoned some of her blood , but daisy would be long gone by then .
after retrieving her crowbar from outside the cellar door , daisy returned to her car .
pull yourself together , daisy , she chided .
with a shake of her head , daisy started toward the exit .
seven words that made daisy 's heart skip a beat and stirred a slow heat in the pit of her stomach that quickly ignited an answering fire in her loins .
with no thought to refuse , daisy dropped her handbag on a recently vacated table , then stepped into erik 's embrace as if she had been doing it all her life .
as she had the night before , daisy followed his lead as if they had danced together a hundred times instead of only two .
oh , it 's daisy . ''
` ` daisy , '' he murmured with a nod .
holding daisy 's hand , erik stopped beside a booth occupied by two middle - aged men in business suits .
` ` i really ca n't stay , '' daisy remarked as she scooted into the booth .
the boys had been able to do pretty much whatever they wanted , but not daisy .
after taking a deep breath , daisy admitted , ` ` i was looking for you , too . ''
murmuring , ` ` good night , '' daisy slid behind the wheel , then looked up at him as he closed the door .
thinking she might as well have a drink while she waited , daisy ordered a margarita .
his internal clock told him he had missed his date with daisy , but it could n't be helped .
chapter 5 daisy went hunting the next afternoon .
with a wordless cry of frustration , daisy tossed the remote on the coffee table .
from what daisy could overhear , the younger woman had just discovered her husband was being unfaithful .
with a sigh , daisy melted into his embrace .
muttering , ` ` thanks , dad , '' daisy made a quick left turn .
frowning , daisy stared at the needle and then at the freezer .
with a shake of her head , daisy put the crowbar aside and lifted the lid of the coffin .
then , with a shriek , daisy yanked a wooden stake from her jacket pocket , only then realizing that , with only one free hand , she could n't hold the stake and use the mallet at the same time .
either daisy was late , or she was n't coming .
after taking a long , hot bubble bath , daisy put on her favorite pj 's and her fluffy white robe and curled up in a corner of the sofa .
tossing the cell phone on the table , daisy grabbed one of the sofa pillows and clutched it to her chest as images of a vampire moved across the silent tv screen .
` ` you should have told daisy to come home , '' she said , folding her arms over her chest .
` ` do n't worry about our daisy , '' noah said as he turned off the light and drew his sweet wife into his arms .
chapter 8 with a low groan , daisy opened her eyes and checked the time , twice .
oh , daisy , she thought , you ' ve got it really bad .
startled , daisy drew back .
there were no other cars parked off the road , and no other people on the beach , as far as daisy could see .
` ` you 're beautiful , daisy . ''
gradually , daisy relaxed enough to rest her cheek on erik 's chest .
but daisy ... ah , his fair flower .
stunned by the abrupt turn of events , daisy slipped her clothes on over her damp bra and panties .
when they reached the crypt 's parking lot , daisy stepped into her sandals .
feeling somewhat confused , daisy reached into her handbag for her keys .
when the bartender came to take their order , daisy asked for a margarita .
` ` i 'll have to try one of those sometime , '' daisy remarked when the bartender served their drinks .
` ` margarita means daisy in spanish . ''
chapter 9 friday morning , daisy decided she had avoided doing her job long enough .
after making sure she had everything she needed , daisy stepped out of the car and walked up the narrow walkway to the front porch .
at the thought , daisy felt all the color drain from her face .
` ` relax , daisy .
he had no desire to take daisy 's life , and , somewhat surprisingly , he did n't want her to forget him .
as he crossed the threshold , his eagerness to see daisy was dampened by the sight that met his eyes .
a quick inspection of the downstairs showed that hurricane daisy had blown through every room .
chapter 11 daisy fumed silently as she stood in the middle of his bedroom , wondering where to start .
one supposed authority on the subject said it was because a vampire had no soul , but daisy did n't think that was possible .
if anyone could conjure a spell to keep erik out of daisy 's mind , it was nonnie .
` ` daisy , daisy , '' he murmured , his voice low , husky with desire .
` ` daisy , daisy , '' he murmured , his voice low , husky with desire .
because ... '' daisy held up her hand .
stupid move , daisy , she thought angrily .
chapter 12 daisy stared at erik , her eyes wide .
fear shot through daisy .
what the devil was wrong with daisy 's parents , to let their daughter engage in such a dangerous business ?
he might have been able to talk rhys out of taking revenge for that , but no way in hell could he protect daisy from rhys once rhys knew she had destroyed one of their own .
if rhys learned daisy was the one who had taken tina 's blood and staked saul ... erik shook his head .
moving to the rail , erik stared out over the dark water , his thoughts drifting toward daisy .
like a wounded animal seeking shelter , daisy snuggled deeper under the covers .
after finishing her coffee , daisy returned to the kitchen .
` ` suck it up , daisy , '' she muttered .
taking a deep breath , daisy stepped inside .
staring at it , daisy felt her courage desert her .
` ` daisy , is something wrong ? ''
a cruel fate , daisy thought , to have an adult mind trapped in a child 's body .
` ` not a very nice present , '' daisy remarked .
` ` go on , '' daisy coaxed .
chapter 13 daisy frowned , wondering why he had waited so long to ask , and then she shrugged .
a dozen questions chased themselves through daisy 's mind , but before she could ask any of them , someone knocked at the door .
hope fluttered in daisy 's heart .
` ` daisy , go upstairs .
he muttered an oath as daisy appeared at the top of the stairs .
erik followed daisy into the living room , beguiled by the scent of her hair , her skin , her blood .
but even as she spoke the words , daisy found herself having second thoughts .
erik remained silent as he watched daisy wage a silent war with herself , trying to decide who presented more danger to her survival , himself or rhys .
erik fed quickly , wishing all the while that it was daisy in his arms .
erik did n't know who had killed tina and craig , but he knew it had n't been daisy .
it could n't be daisy , but another hunter in the city was bad news for all of them .
he could n't install a camera as long as daisy was in the house .
if there really was another hunter in town , it would take the heat off daisy .
` ` what am i , daisy ? ''
` ` daisy , look at me . ''
he would have stayed whether she wanted him to or not , erik thought , because there was no way on earth that he could leave the city as long as daisy was in it .
for daisy , the next day passed slowly , and yet all too quickly .
` ` now , daisy , child , '' nonnie said , giving her a skeptical look , ` ` i know that 's not true . ''
` ` i guess you 'll be glad to be rid of me , '' daisy remarked as she closed the large suitcase .
unable to believe he was actually giving her one of his works of art , daisy picked up the painting and carried it down the stairs and out of the house .
outside , erik stowed her suitcases in the backseat of his car , then opened the trunk so daisy could place the painting inside .
the club was practically empty , which suited daisy just fine .
his daisy was certainly a beautiful child , so young when compared to the centuries he had lived .
did daisy want him as badly as he wanted her ?
after propping it beside her luggage , he drew daisy into his arms .
of all the things he might have said , that was the last thing daisy had expected to hear .
the two men eyed each other warily for a moment ; then , at a look from daisy , alex stuck out his hand .
` ` i 'll say good night , daisy .
returning to the living room , daisy propped the painting on the mantel .
chapter 16 daisy awoke on monday morning to the deliciously mingled aromas of fresh - brewed coffee and frying bacon .
realizing there was no point in arguing , daisy sat at the table .
` ` well , he was a man once , '' daisy insisted .
` ` listen , daisy , vampires are n't human any longer .
even though it was a long - standing joke between them , she hated it when he called her daisy mae .
` ` they kill us , daisy , '' alex said quietly .
relief washed over daisy .
` ` every hunter in the country is probably out looking for him , '' daisy remarked .
` ` daisy , how good of you to call , dear .
` ` daisy , you did n't ... you have n't ... tell me you have n't been turned . ''
` ` it 's all right , '' daisy murmured .
` ` i take it you did n't have any luck in finding rhys , '' daisy remarked as she pulled two steaks from the refrigerator .
while the other vampires picked their areas , erik 's thoughts turned to daisy .
alex glanced at daisy over the magazine he was reading .
pleasure flowed through daisy , warm and sweet , tantalizing her senses .
alex had always been daisy 's favorite .
coming to a halt , daisy looked up at erik , her gaze searching his .
after starting the car , erik blew a kiss to daisy , who was still standing on the front porch .
a sound of impatience rose in daisy 's throat .
muttering , ` ` oh , give it up , '' daisy glanced at her compass .
all thought for her own safety fled as daisy pulled the bottle of holy water from her pocket and followed the sound of her brother 's voice .
galvanized by fear that the vampire would drain her brother dry , or worse , turn him , daisy uncorked the bottle of holy water and flung it at the back of the vampire 's head .
with a cry of horror , daisy grabbed the stake from her pocket , charged forward , and plunged it into the vampire 's chest .
he carried alex up the stairs and into the bedroom adjacent to the one daisy had used not so long ago .
` ` just by chance , '' daisy answered .
` ` dammit , daisy , if he had come here alone , he might have taken my head . ''
it went against the grain to save the life of a hunter , yet what else could he do , with daisy standing there , tears streaming down her face ?
swallowing the urge to vomit , daisy folded one of the bed pillows in half and put it under alex 's head .
revulsion swirled in the pit of daisy 's stomach , and then the world went black .
erik caught daisy in his arms and carried her into the room she had occupied before .
and what had daisy been thinking when she agreed to go with him ?
had daisy and her brother destroyed him ?
he removed daisy 's shoes , then tucked her under the covers .
chapter 19 daisy woke with a start , surprised to find herself in erik 's house .
as though spellbound , daisy stood motionless while he drew her body against his , then pushed her hair behind her ear .
jennifer would never , ever understand how daisy could be friends with one of the undead , let alone be in love with one ...
for the first time , daisy admitted she felt more for erik than just affection , more than an undeniable attraction .
` ` daisy , what the hell 's going on ?
unfortunately , he did n't have an invitation , and he could n't very well tell rhys that he had just stopped by to see if he had survived daisy 's attack .
if rhys found alex , he would find daisy .
rhys had seen daisy .
chapter 20 ` ` daisy !
dammit , daisy , where are you ? ''
` ` we need to go , daisy .
while daisy went to talk to alex , erik went upstairs to his room .
of course , he knew the answer , and her name was daisy .
he looked past daisy as alex entered the room .
erik grunted softly , wondering if he had made a mistake in letting daisy decide where she wanted to go .
after getting out of the car , daisy shook her brother 's shoulder .
` ` what am i going to do with you , daisy , darlin ' ? ''
he stared at daisy a moment , then pressed his car keys and a handful of cash into her hand .
another five minutes and he would have had daisy in his arms , in his bed .
` ` we found him , '' daisy said , and quickly told her mother what had happened , omitting the part that erik had played in saving alex 's life .
she had taken a vacation every year since she retired , and she always dragged daisy 's mother along with her .
` ` i ' m hungry , '' he said , glancing at daisy .
after finding the phone number for the nearest pizza place , alex ordered a couple of pizzas and two sodas , then looked at daisy .
alex tossed one of the boxes on daisy 's bed .
` ` dammit , daisy ... '' ` ` we ' ve never hunted a vampire as old as he is , '' she said , her trepidation growing with each passing minute .
` ` maybe i am , '' daisy retorted .
rising , he cocked his head to the side , muttered an oath when his preternatural senses told him that the room where daisy and her brother should have been holed up was empty .
the cloak 's heavy black cloth blocked the sun 's rays as he hurried toward daisy 's room .
after a five - minute search , he found daisy and alex at the cash register inside a men 's store .
` ` i do n't give a rat 's ass what you do , but if you put daisy 's life in danger again , you 'll answer to me . ''
erik looked at daisy , his expression softening .
` ` do n't be absurd , '' daisy retorted .
fighting back his anger , erik took daisy by the arm and led her away from her brother .
as much as daisy had wanted a shower , she decided to forgo it for two reasons .
irene o'donnell had given up hunting when she married daisy 's dad , but she could still swing a wicked mallet , if necessary .
for a brief moment , he imagined pulling off the freeway , finding a dark , secluded place , taking daisy in his arms to still his hunger and ease his desire .
but now , with daisy , his life was no longer empty .
he opted to stay in the car while daisy and her brother went inside .
erik fed quickly , released them from his spell , and was back in the car before daisy and her brother returned .
` ` just what daisy told me , '' erik replied mildly .
i do n't want the same thing happening to daisy . ''
when the silence got unbearable , daisy turned on the radio , then scanned the stations until she found one playing soft rock , hoping it would ease the tension in the car .
the tank was full and he was standing by the driver 's side door when daisy and her brother emerged from the mini - mart .
erik sent daisy a meaningful glance as he took alex 's place in the backseat .
` ` you 're hiding something , daisy mae , and i 'll find out what it is , sooner or later . ''
for appearance 's sake , daisy ordered a hamburger for erik , even though she knew he would n't eat it .
geez , daisy , the way you two have been carrying on ... '' alex shook his head .
as she filled her plate with salad , daisy wondered how erik would get into the restaurant without being burned by the sun , and what excuse he would use for not eating .
alex was standing in front of daisy .
they made small talk for a few minutes , then alex went back for seconds , leaving daisy and erik alone at the table .
had it not been necessary to allay alex 's growing suspicions , he would have waited for daisy and her brother in the car .
` ` not quite , '' daisy said .
` ` he 's never made anything easy , '' daisy muttered .
at dusk , alex had climbed into the backseat and daisy had relinquished the wheel to erik .
of course , that was a question erik could n't ask daisy 's brother , since he was n't supposed to know that a vampire was after the two of them .
he would have to ask daisy about it .
erik had drunk from daisy and she had tasted his blood , which had created a bond between them , one that daisy remained unaware of due to the fact that erik kept his mind closed to her .
erik had drunk from daisy and she had tasted his blood , which had created a bond between them , one that daisy remained unaware of due to the fact that erik kept his mind closed to her .
erik slid a glance at daisy .
in all his years , erik had never created another vampire , never bonded with a mortal , mainly because he had never met anyone , male or female , he wanted to be bound to , until he met daisy .
` ` according to daisy 's directions , we should almost be there , '' erik remarked .
` ` hey , daisy , '' alex called from the porch .
` ` i wo n't leave you , daisy , not as long as he 's out there . ''
` ` dammit , daisy , what do you want from me ? ''
dammit , daisy , erik delacourt is after something .
` ` none of this is any of your business , '' daisy retorted .
he glanced from daisy to alex and back again .
` ` he 's after daisy , '' alex said , his tone sour .
` ` after all , daisy is a lovely young woman , and there 's nothing wrong with kissing . ''
` ` i went looking for costain , '' alex said , ` ` and i ... '' he glanced at daisy .
noah glanced between daisy and alex .
the house seemed empty without her mom bustling around , offering cookies and hot chocolate , acting as a buffer between daisy and alex .
with a sigh , daisy changed into her pajamas , washed her face , and brushed her teeth .
erik stood in the shadows outside daisy 's house , watching as the lights inside went out , one by one .
only daisy could satisfy his need .
chapter 24 daisy slept until almost noon .
alex tucked into his breakfast and daisy did the same , thinking again that it was good to be home .
she stood up as daisy entered the room .
` ` and you must be daisy .
` ` good idea , '' daisy replied .
` ` that 's great , '' daisy exclaimed with a smile .
with a nod , erik left the house with daisy close on his heels .
` ` but ... '' ` ` daisy , we do n't have time to argue about this . ''
he had hoped it would n't come to that , but he could n't go back to daisy and tell her he had failed .
and daisy .
heat unfurled in the pit of daisy 's stomach and spread outward as he deepened the kiss , his tongue stroking hers , his hands moving lightly up and down her spine , drawing her closer , closer , so that their bodies were pressed intimately together , leaving no doubt in her mind that he wanted her .
so easy ... daisy pressed herself against him , her body trembling with desire as he kissed her again and again .
pulling daisy to him , he quickly licked the tiny wounds in her throat , sealing them , then draped his arm around her shoulders .
` ` daisy , are you all right ? ''
alex frowned at him , then looked at daisy .
` ` i ... '' daisy looked up at erik , wondering what she should say .
` ` but ... '' daisy shook her head , uncertain how she felt about erik messing with their minds .
chapter 25 daisy slipped into bed and turned out the light , her mind still filled with images of erik standing in the living room mesmerizing her father and her brother .
with a sigh , daisy turned onto her side , thinking she was just a little envious of her brother .
though he hated to leave daisy , he needed to be away from her house and safely out of the sun 's reach .
and though he had n't dreamed since the night he became a vampire , on this day , he dreamed of making love to daisy .
chapter 26 daisy awoke slowly , reluctant to leave the beautiful dream she had been having .
brandon looked at daisy .
not wanting to think about having to spend an evening with kevin o'reilly or sidestepping her mother 's matchmaking efforts , daisy began to clear the table .
since brandon was giving up the family business , they decided to take daisy 's compass and go for one last hunt together .
after gathering their gear , daisy and brandon climbed in the front seat of brandon 's old firebird , alex and noah squeezed into the back , where they played rock , paper , scissors to decide which way to go .
` ` daisy , which way ? ''
` ` in there , '' daisy said , pointing at the closet door .
brandon filled several vials with blood for himself and daisy , then backed away .
with a wild cry , daisy slid off the female 's back .
summoning all her strength , daisy jerked the stake from the vampire 's back and drove it in again .
once the police had ascertained that the deceased were indeed vampires , daisy and her family had been free to go .
` ` someone needs to call paula , '' daisy remarked .
` ` good - bye , daisy . ''
chapter 27 after leaving daisy 's house , erik told himself that their parting was for the best and would have come sooner or later .
a vampire had killed her brother , something daisy would never forget or forgive .
since he had left his car parked in front of daisy 's house , he spent a moment deciding how to get to la morte rouge .
of course , his only motive at the time had been to be near daisy .
no way would be mention daisy , her brother or her father by name .
chapter 28 the next four days were the worst of daisy 's life .
paula said very little , but daisy could hardly blame her .
later that evening , daisy found herself alone with paula 's brother .
as the o'reilly family took their leave , kevin took daisy aside .
at the graveside , daisy stood between aunt judy and alex as the minister said a few final words of assurance and the promise that they would see brandon again .
kevin waited two weeks before calling on daisy .
hardest to bear was the emptiness daisy felt inside .
` ` and a good thing , too , '' daisy retorted , ` ` or you 'd be dead now . ''
` ` oh , come on , daisy , i was n't hurt all that bad .
` ` i hope not , '' daisy murmured .
in an effort to forget the excruciating pain , he closed his eyes and summoned daisy 's image .
` ` oh , mom ... '' with a sob , daisy fell into her mother 's arms and , between sobs and hiccups , poured out the whole story of meeting erik and everything that had happened up to the time she came home .
` ` there 's nothing you can do , honey , '' irene said , stroking daisy 's hair .
` ` daisy , what are you saying ?
as quickly as possible , daisy repeated what she had told her mother only minutes ago .
i appreciate what your ... what the vampire ... did , but ... '' daisy squeezed her mother 's shoulder .
noah bent down and kissed daisy on the cheek .
pausing in the doorway , he looked back at daisy and mouthed the words , ` ` an hour . ''
` ` mom and dad are never going to forgive us for this , '' daisy said as she tiptoed down the stairs behind alex .
with a shake of her head , daisy sat at the kitchen table .
with a shake of her head , daisy reached for alex 's cell phone , which was sitting on the table .
alex handed daisy a plate , then sat down across from her .
still ... '' daisy picked up her fork .
` ` come on , daisy , he ca n't be dying .
finding erik 's whereabouts proved to be much easier than daisy had expected .
` ` i ' m sure , '' daisy replied succinctly .
` ` erik , it 's daisy .
pressing a hand to her heart , daisy murmured , ` ` thank the lord ! ''
` ` give me the pick , '' daisy said .
` ` daisy , no ! ''
please , daisy . ''
muttering , ` ` i ' ve got a bad feeling about this , '' alex grabbed erik , slung him over his shoulder , and headed for the door with daisy hot on his heels .
` ` daisy , maybe he 's right for once , '' erik said .
twenty minutes later , alex pulled into daisy 's garage .
` ` he 's right , daisy . ''
` ` erik needs to feed , '' daisy said with a calmness she was far from feeling .
` ` dammit , daisy , this is the dumbest idea you ' ve ever had ! ''
he found daisy and erik facing each other in the living room .
it was totally revolting and yet he had to admit that watching erik drink from daisy held a certain morbid fascination .
a glance at daisy showed that she did n't find it the least bit revolting .
if he did n't know better , he would have sworn erik and daisy were making love .
alex sat on the sofa beside daisy .
` ` it 's all right , daisy , '' erik said .
` ` daisy ... '' she pressed her fingertips to his lips , silencing him , everything she was thinking , feeling , shining in the depths of her eyes .
` ` daisy ... '' ` ` you 're not going to try and talk me out of this , are you ? ''
if things went wrong when he met with rhys , he wanted to carry the memory of this night and the sweet taste of daisy 's blood with him when rhys sent him to hell .
it was after midnight when erik tucked daisy into her own bed and kissed her good night .
erik was certain that the threshold of the o'donnells ' house was strong enough to repel an angry vampire , but in daisy 's case , he was n't willing to risk being wrong .
and even then , his only regret was that he would n't be able to see daisy one last time .
` ` you 're not my father , '' daisy retorted , lifting her chin defiantly .
dammit , daisy ... '' she turned her back to him when her cell phone rang .
they could have been there in moments , but erik wanted to give daisy time to prepare alex for their visit .
from inside , he heard daisy telling alex that rhys was also coming , and alex 's stunned silence in reply .
erik had never been one for wishful thinking , but at the moment , he wished he could sweep daisy into his arms and carry her back to that suite in the hotel .
the flush that rose in daisy 's cheeks told him she was remembering it , too .
` ` relax , both of you , '' erik said , glancing from erik to daisy .
alex moved up beside daisy , then took another step forward , putting himself between daisy and rhys .
alex moved up beside daisy , then took another step forward , putting himself between daisy and rhys .
in an effort to put daisy and alex at ease , rhys moved to the far side of the room , where he stood with his arms crossed over his chest .
rhys , daisy , and erik stood in a semicircle behind his chair as he opened his e - mail program .
if you two do n't mind , i 'd like to spend a little time alone with daisy . ''
taking daisy 's hand in his , he gave it a squeeze .
` ` dammit , daisy , '' alex muttered , ` ` i do n't like you going off with him . ''
` ` but if we do n't hear something soon ... '' he looked at daisy , his gaze lingering on the pulse throbbing in the hollow of her throat .
grinning , erik wrapped daisy in his embrace and then , with an effort of will , he transported the two of them to the balcony of costain 's primary lair .
` ` that 's a short tour , '' daisy teased .
a flicker of energy brought a dozen candles to life , revealing the largest , most garish bedroom daisy had ever seen .
there were more paintings in this room , all originals , daisy assumed , and all beautiful .
` ` it 's like being in hell 's waiting room , '' daisy murmured .
` ` ah , daisy , my little flower , do you know how much i love you ? ''
` ` daisy , you still there ? ''
tossing the phone onto the floor , daisy slid under the covers again .
` ` but not too fast , '' daisy said with a smile .
` ` no , i think he 's sacked out in daisy 's closet . ''
muttering under his breath , alex headed for daisy 's office and sat down at the desk .
` ` and i 'll be there , '' daisy said .
erik slipped his arm around daisy 's shoulders .
alex frowned at daisy , clearly not liking the fact that rhys would be sleeping in his closet , since daisy 's house only had two bedrooms .
` ` i think you ' ve got that backwards , '' daisy remarked , cuddling up against him .
wrapping his arm around daisy 's shoulders , he closed his eyes and tumbled into the dark sleep of his kind .
and what about daisy ?
we 're hunters , daisy , or have you forgotten that ?
` ` you 're not thinking clearly , '' daisy said , moving farther into the room .
` ` i told erik and costain they would be safe here , '' daisy said , and then frowned .
` ` rhys said he 'd make it good , '' daisy reminded him .
` ` my life 's been in danger since i was eighteen years old , '' daisy retorted .
rising smoothly to his feet , erik moved to stand in front of daisy .
rhys smiled at daisy as she offered him a crystal glass of red liquid .
rhys looked at daisy , his gaze lingering on the pulse throbbing in the hollow of her throat .
rhys laughed softly as he watched daisy hurry out of the room .
dinner was over , the dishes were done , and daisy was a nervous wreck .
in theory , it sounded simple enough , but doubts plagued daisy .
chuckling softly , erik looked back at daisy .
he treated daisy with respect .
if daisy was to be believed , delacourt had saved his life .
it made him sick to his stomach to think about what daisy was doing , and who she was doing it with .
with daisy , he felt anything was possible .
with a sigh , daisy snuggled closer to his side .
it was eleven forty - five when erik followed daisy into the living room .
erik slipped his arm around daisy 's shoulders and gave her a squeeze .
chapter 35 daisy blew out a sigh as the door closed behind rhys costain .
he had always loved the excitement of the hunt , but lately ... hell , he had put daisy 's life in danger , not to mention his own .
` ` daisy !
apparently distracted by what daisy had said , the vampire had loosened her grip on his shoulders .
alex raced toward daisy , delving into his backpack for a stake as he went .
the question died in daisy 's throat as a horrible keening sound rose in the air .
wrapping his arm around daisy 's shoulders , he led her across the damp parking lot toward the car .
he opened the passenger door for daisy , then opened the rear door and motioned for alex to get in the backseat .
curious to know what he was thinking , daisy tried to read his thoughts , but his mind was closed to her .
` ` it 's all right , daisy .
she was a pretty little thing , erik 's daisy .
had daisy considered what would happen in thirty or forty years , given any thought to how she would feel when erik was still young and virile and she was an old woman ?
all true , daisy admitted .
a single tear leaked out of daisy 's eye and slid down her cheek .
erik paused in the act of calling his prey to him as his mind filled with images of daisy .
but she was n't daisy .
chapter 37 it was midmorning before daisy found the energy to get out of bed .
the night after mariah had been destroyed , rhys had shown up with a diamond necklace and a bouquet of flowers for daisy , and a bank draft for two hundred thousand dollars made out to alex .
after rhys left , alex had insisted on taking daisy out to dinner at the most expensive restaurant in town , even though daisy had n't felt much like celebrating .
after rhys left , alex had insisted on taking daisy out to dinner at the most expensive restaurant in town , even though daisy had n't felt much like celebrating .
but daisy was n't in the mood for a vacation .
drawing her robe around her , daisy went into the living room to retrieve her phone .
kneeling beside him , daisy rolled him onto his back , then shook his shoulder lightly .
slipping her arm around his waist , daisy helped him inside .
he was about to accede to costain 's wishes when a terrified shriek broke through the barrier erik had erected between himself and daisy .
` ` come along , daisy , it 's time . ''
erik 's arms tightened around daisy .
` ` daisy , hang on . ''
with a sigh , he caressed daisy 's cheek .
` ` fight , daisy , '' he murmured .
` ` daisy ... it 's all right . ''
the main thing he remembered from his first night as a vampire was a horrible thirst , but daisy did n't seem to be plagued by that , perhaps because , in desperation , he had given her as much of his blood as she could hold .
` ` daisy , i ... '' he raked his hand through his hair .
he had never been less than confident around women before , but this new daisy put him off his stride .
chapter 39 daisy shook her head as they neared her parents ' home .
alex nodded at erik , then threw his arms around daisy and gave her a quick hug .
even though daisy knew her mother and father were uncomfortable with having a vampire in the house , they handled his presence better than she had expected .
her mother invited erik to sit down and soon they were all seated in the living room , with erik and daisy on the love seat , alex , paula , and irene on the sofa , and noah in his favorite chair .
` ` me , either , '' daisy said .
` ` but , daisy , '' irene said , ` ` it 's your favorite . ''
` ` all right , daisy , spit it out , '' alex said .
noah looked at alex , then at daisy , and then at erik .
` ` daisy , no . ''
he attacked daisy .
judging by the looks on the faces of daisy 's father and brother , things were about to get really ugly really fast .
tears cascaded down her cheeks as she murmured , ` ` oh , daisy , no . ''
sitting on the edge of the bed in their hotel room , erik pulled daisy onto his lap .
` ` strange advice coming from you , '' daisy retorted .
` ` marriage , daisy mae .
the very thought made daisy burst out laughing .
warmth and affection flooded daisy 's heart and soul as she wrapped her arms around him .
there were a lot of perks to being a vampire , daisy mused when he kissed her .
ah , daisy , rhys thought .
he thought again of delacourt and his daisy .
despite the fact that delacourt was a vampire and daisy had been a blood thief when they met , the two of them had fallen in love .
knowing daisy , it was hard to believe that she had once crept up on sleeping vampires , stolen a pint of their blood , and sold it on the internet .
if delacourt and daisy could overcome obstacles like that , maybe it was time for him to try again .
he grinned faintly , thinking it was too bad for the nypd that daisy and her family had given up hunting .
thoughts of daisy brought megan to mind , not that he needed help to think of her .
saul had been destroyed by daisy .
those who knew daisy had good reason to fear her .
rhys remembered daisy well .
the two of them had been locked in a life - and - death battle when daisy burst into the room and hurled a bottle of holy water at his head .
the only reason the relationship between delacourt and daisy had lasted was because daisy had accepted the dark gift .
the only reason the relationship between delacourt and daisy had lasted was because daisy had accepted the dark gift .
first daisy , and now this hunter .
not so long ago , villagrande had kidnapped daisy 's father and brother .
` ` erik delacourt and his wife , daisy . ''
delacourt , daisy , and her brother , alex , all had a hand in it .
he went after daisy and almost killed her .
his wife , daisy , looked like she was in her midtwenties .
` ` perhaps we should have had this meeting somewhere else , '' daisy said quietly .
megan looked at daisy .
i 'll go out and put the wards on the house , and then i need to find a place where daisy and i can spend the day . ''
he followed erik and daisy outside , stood with daisy while erik cast a protective spell around the house .
he followed erik and daisy outside , stood with daisy while erik cast a protective spell around the house .
rhys let erik and daisy in , invited them to make themselves at home , then quickly returned to megan 's .
after inviting daisy and erik to stay at his penthouse , rhys had indicated he would be spending the day at her place .
i left daisy there to keep watch while i followed your scent here . ''
rhys stepped into the entryway , followed by daisy and delacourt .
` ` a darn good one , i 'd say , '' daisy added .
rhys looked at daisy .
chapter 37 on monday night , rhys thanked erik and daisy for their help .
` ` no , it 's erik and daisy . ''
` ` recently drained , '' daisy added with a grimace .
` ` my dad assured me that she is n't seriously hurt , but ... '' daisy shrugged .
he slipped his arm around daisy 's shoulders .
` ` i was thinking about what daisy said , about being sure her mother will be all right . ''
` ` do you think daisy would turn her mother into a vampire if her injuries were life - threatening ? ''
with a nod , daisy disappeared into the kitchen .
rhys took the glass from daisy and held it to megan 's lips .
he had learned later that alex had split the money with daisy .
he waved daisy away when she offered to help get megan into bed .
were erik and daisy sleeping in twin coffins behind one of them ?
in an effort to keep her grief at bay , she focused her thoughts on daisy delacourt , wondering how long she had been a vampire and whether she missed being mortal .
erik took daisy by the hand .
` ` we wo n't be long , '' daisy called over her shoulder .
after delacourt and daisy left the house , rhys pulled megan into his arms .
and then , in an uncommon burst of charity , he had spared the lives of daisy 's father and brother , as well .
` ` megan , this is daisy 's brother .
megan had expected daisy to look happy ; instead , a sudden sadness flitted through her eyes .
` ` that 's wonderful , '' daisy murmured .
when the awkward moment passed , rhys , erik , daisy , and alex tossed around ideas on how best to protect megan and destroy villagrande .
rising , he kissed daisy on the cheek , cuffed erik on the shoulder .
` ` like you never kissed daisy in the living room . ''
` ` well , not when we had company , '' erik said , winking at daisy .
taking daisy by the hand , they vanished from sight .
delving into the sack again , she saw that daisy had thoughtfully included a can of whipped cream and a jar of hot fudge .
erik , daisy , and alex were sitting on the sofa .
the seriousness in daisy 's tone told megan it could only be bad news .
` ` he 's so old , '' daisy remarked , a note of awe in her voice .
she was about to ask daisy how she could appear so calm when her husband might be fighting villagrande at that very moment , when daisy suddenly rose to her feet .
rising , megan walked up behind daisy .
shouting erik 's name , daisy opened the door and dashed out into the night .
and having done so , what had he done to erik , daisy , and alex ?
he was about to charge villagrande when daisy and megan materialized in the room .
rhys swore , his overwhelming relief at seeing megan alive warring with his anger at daisy for bringing her here .
was it possible that daisy and megan had accomplished what he could n't ?
with a roar of pain and outrage , villagrande backhanded daisy , sending her flying across the room .
a wild cry rose in his throat when he saw daisy sprawled on the floor , her hair stained with blood from a gash on the back of her head .
rhys glanced over his shoulder to where delacourt was kneeling beside daisy .
` ` who put you in charge , daisy mae ? ''
he glanced at erik and daisy .
moments later , erik , alex , and daisy materialized beside them .
erik took daisy 's hand in his and gave it a squeeze .
` ` daisy , would you bring her a glass of water ? ''
but such pairings are n't usually successful unless ... '' daisy looked at erik and smiled .
` ` you ' ve got our number , '' daisy said , giving megan a hug .
she started to rise , intending to walk daisy and erik to the door , but they were gone in a swirl of twinkling blue and dove gray motes before she gained her feet .
` ` daisy told me you left because my life would be in danger as long as you and i were together .
several vases filled with primroses and yellow daisies were grouped in the center , surrounded by a number of flickering red candles set in wrought - iron holders .
with most of the weeds removed , she saw that a few daisies and daffodils bordered the primroses .
late sunsday morning , mr . smith led his first client of the day to the interview room where daisy waited for them .
the client who was about to face daisy might be such a man .
` ` daisy , '' mr . smith said quietly .
` ` it appears daisy is experiencing some kind of upset and is unable to offer an accurate prophecy . ''
after handing over the client to one of the staff who would escort the man off the grounds , mr . smith returned to the interview room and studied daisy .
it was possible that they missed some sign that daisy should n't have been put on the roster today , but daisy and peaches speaking prophecies that had nothing to do with the questions ?
it was possible that they missed some sign that daisy should n't have been put on the roster today , but daisy and peaches speaking prophecies that had nothing to do with the questions ?
a different decision , a different choice , and what daisy and peaches saw today would n't happen .
if looks could kill , that breakfast would be pushing up daisies .
jeepers , if things went wrong , she and chase would be pushing up daisies .
perhaps it was the bouquet of daisies on the table near her tea .
i am sure to be fresh as a daisy tomorrow , '' she told him .
we 're like two shattering flowers in a field of shattering daisies . '
alias , pushing daisies , dollhouse , charlie 's angels , and the avengers are our favorites .
when i told andy today that i was going to lindsey 's for a pushing daisies marathon , he did n't blink .
we 're eating pizza and watching pushing daisies . ''
if daisies are presented , the girl knows it means friendship .
instead i sat with hughie for a long time and told him some more about the horses at the lawson peabody and how he was gon na take care of 'em and all ... ` ` now , that daisy 's a sweet little thing and no trouble at all , but that samson , oh what a hammer - headed bully he is - prolly take a special bridle , a hackamore , do n't you think , hughie ?
the first scene seemed to take place in his bedchamber , where a garish calliope piped out ` ` daisy bell . ''
i grabbed the book out of her hands , burning the daisies off the tips of the gloves .
` ` yeah , i know miss daisy . ''
i wiped my sweaty hands on my black slacks and picked up the corsage box , tossing the clear plastic back and forth in my hands , the intricate daisy creation inside it , shifting back and forth .
a second later , we were standing in an empty field cluttered with white and yellow daisies .
but , no , it 's amy on daisy and she comes up behind me , her face the very mask of doom and damnation .
we have been watching them being brought in , just as we watched that day the sheik was brought in , from the same hill that is again turning green and will soon be once more covered in daisies .
we are mounted , sidesaddle , amy on her daisy and me on a little bay mare named molly .
` ` including daisy ? ''
` ` i get along pretty good with daisy , '' zia went on , ` ` probably because she and i are a lot alike .
` ` daisy mayfair , '' she introduced herself so cordially .
i doubt i was hanging out with isaac and daisy for more than thirty minutes when zia joined us .
i could n't tell at first , but then recognized her as daisy mayfair , the sister of isaac who zia actually liked .
` ` i 'll tell zia- '' the door swung open then and a taller girl pushed daisy out of the way .
we both looked at daisy once more before following the tall girl .
i did n't even see daisy , or the tall girl who i know had it out for me all along .
i half - raised my hand to wave at daisy , but then just put it back down .
from the corner of my eye though , i saw daisy smile at me .
` ` isaac 's just jealous and daisy was born an english smartass , so she ca n't help it . ''
` ` and they always butcher the books , '' said daisy .
` ` a woman scorned , '' said daisy .
` ` you 're a witch sometimes ; you know that , daisy ? ''
` ` so he 's seventy - years into wrinkle cream inevitability , '' daisy laughed from behind .
isaac , nathan , zia , sebastian and daisy entered the waiting room .
harry was too into listening to daisy talk in her english accent about how much she hated hospitals .
i saw harry look over , but i noticed that daisy 's conversation with him was also her way of keeping him occupied .
but by the looks on their faces , it was a certainty that daisy would never hear the end of it later .
` ` good , it 's settled then , '' said daisy .
` ` he does n't even know daisy is one .
` ` daisy has complete control of her transformations , '' he said .
` ` daisy will keep harry safe , '' he said .
` ` i probably should tell you , '' zia said to me , ` ` daisy and harry really hit it off .
` ` sebastian , my brothers , harry and daisy , '' she said .
` ` zia and daisy helped me , '' he said , ` ` with the bath and getting you dressed .
still living up to his best friend title , harry was still harry towards me despite being totally in love with daisy mayfair .
it made me happy to see him and daisy together , to see him in such high spirits .
and of all the surprises lately , daisy surprised me the most .
harry runs in through the back door and skids into the kitchen , daisy behind him barely holding onto the tips of his fingers .
` ` do n't even think about it , '' daisy demands as harry reaches over to take a cookie from the plate .
he pretty much earned his own residence in the dawson house and often takes advantage of it when he is n't with daisy .
from the corner of my eye , i see harry and daisy look at each other .
beverlee moves onto the stool that daisy just left and rests her arms across the bar top , folding her hands together .
i think it 's more for daisy 's benefit than his own .
he confided in me one night about daisy being out there while he 's doing his skater thing .
he said he did n't want to bore her to death , but really i think it has a lot more to do with layne and evan who light up whenever daisy is around .
harry really has nothing to worry about when it comes to daisy , but he 's a guy and guys get jealous .
when we arrive , it 's easy to spot daisy in the crowd .
psycho cecilia loves daisy to death and sometimes latches onto daisy 's company whenever she shows up , so i brace myself just in case .
` ` she 's harmless , daisy , '' i say , though agreeing with her about not wanting to draw attention to ourselves .
cecilia 's short frame drops right between me and daisy on the grass and she goes right into her usual random spiel , which never fails to confuse me in the first two sentences .
mine and daisy 's eyes lock without moving our heads .
i throw daisy a desperate look , hoping she 'll not leave me alone in this conversation .
i notice out of the corner of my eye daisy grinning .
i look over at daisy , who still has n't bothered to jump in .
it might ' ve been worth it to see what daisy would do if tori had n't backed off .
funny how soft and sweet daisy comes off to people , but the reality is that to piss her off is a serious death wish .
a devilish grin spreads across his face and while i ' m still trying to figure out which emotions to activate , i feel daisy step up behind me .
isaac looks over at me and his expression softens , but before he gets the chance to tell me about how i really should stay with daisy , or that i could ' get hurt ' , i stand my ground .
and despite them not being rogues , i ' m all of a sudden feeling like i should probably stay behind with daisy anyway .
xavier , being daisy 's twin , definitely resembles her with that blond hair and soft eyes , but like isaac and the rest of his brothers , he has that whole savage beauty thing going on .
he stands off to the side near the staircase with daisy in front of him , encircled in his arms .
` ` or are you wearing daisy ? ''
i never expected that , daisy being english and all .
not to mention , daisy and xavier have golden - blond hair , natasa has dark red hair and trajan 's hair is almost black .
harry points at me sternly as they go to leave together , daisy pulling him along by his fingertips .
he must be thinking about daisy , too , and maybe what this means for her , if she 's in any danger because of her father 's choices .
` ` oh and harry , '' he says , ` ` daisy wanted me to remind you to ... bring your thoughts with you - whatever that means . ''
daisy does it too , but zia likes to ' hog me ' , as daisy calls it .
` ` right on time , '' i say as daisy shuts her car door and walks toward me .
` ` i ca n't wait to get out of here , '' daisy says in her addictive english accent .
harry and daisy are in the lead since he 's the one who knows exactly where we 're going .
` ` you and daisy can ride the rest of the way with us , '' isaac says .
calls her darla , but i swore an oath never to tell anyone that secret , including daisy .
` ` of course , '' daisy agrees .
and honestly , i think daisy is just trying to be nice by helping hannah to fit in with us .
because daisy knows even better than i do that hannah is n't nathan 's usual type .
` ` yeah , i did n't like the blue one anyway , daisy , '' zia adds .
but daisy has that effect on people ; she can make anyone feel comfortable .
and judging by the look on daisy 's face , she expected to see her about as much as i did .
cecilia literally reaches across the table to give daisy a hug .
as daisy sits back down , i stand up and do the same , stretching over zia sitting on the outside , to hug cecilia .
she and daisy go into a conversation about cecilia , but my mind veers off .
i do n't even look at daisy or hannah before leaving , but i know they 're probably looking at me as strangely as zia is .
on the ride back to hallowell , daisy sits behind me , playing with my hair and whispering things in my ear about how much her brother loves me and that no matter what happened , she can tell just by looking at him that he 's hurting pretty bad .
except maybe for nathan , but the reasons for mine and daisy 's newfound closeness are different .
and i try to find some humor in all of this by admitting to myself that daisy is stronger than i could ever be .
` ` no , she would n't , but i think it 's time for a change , daisy .
` ` a choice is a valuable thing , daisy , '' i say , thinking of adria .
` ` just sleep , '' i hear daisy 's voice somewhere above me .
for the past five days the only ones allowed in the house while i heal have been me and daisy and occasionally , the governess .
i gaze to my side at daisy , indicating that i ' m not speaking for the both of us .
i feel daisy 's eyes on me and i glance back at her briefly , letting her know that it 's probably time i tell everybody the truth about what happened .
nathan knew all along that i had bonded adria to me - he was the only one i told - but right now , only daisy knows what happened the last time i saw adria .
she walks through the foyer and i see the fading sunlight fill the dark area when daisy opens the door .
after a few seconds , daisy shuts the front door and appears standing at the foyer entrance ; clearly there is someone else behind her , but too tucked away in the darkness to be seen .
i glance at daisy first and then at nathan , who still stands beside me .
` ` yes , that 's what he said , '' i whisper to nathan and daisy after pulling them into the back room and shutting the door .
genna nods towards daisy .
nathan and i both look at daisy simultaneously .
` ` harry was - is - my charge , '' genna says and i hear daisy gasp .
i notice daisy step away from harry a few inches ; she looks at him with confusion and uncertainty .
i see both daisy and nathan 's faces hanging onto harry 's words as if they 're seeping poison into the air .
he does n't , however , take his duty to me lightly and sometimes i see the ancient praverian come out of him when he 's discussing issues with isaac or nathan or daisy .
i get dressed , thankful to toss that hideous granny gown in the garbage and head to isaac 's room to find daisy sitting with him .
it 's obvious that i walked in on a conversation because their words cease in an instant and daisy 's face lights up when she sees me .
i hug daisy back as she slips her arms around me and at the same time i say , ` ` what were you two talking about ? ''
i look back at daisy once , hoping her expression might reveal something more telling than isaac 's , but she 's even better at hiding the severity of a situation than he is .
i look at isaac and daisy back and forth , my mouth slightly hung open .
after studying the jagged edges in the giant opening and letting the stun fade from my head i turn around to face isaac and daisy .
i hear daisy and isaac whispering to each other , but i ' m too involved in my own thoughts to wonder about what they 're saying .
besides , when isaac joins me outside and i hear daisy 's footsteps fading as she goes back up the basement steps it 's sort of obvious they were agreeing that isaac should ' take it from here ' .
` ` i do n't like this one bit , '' daisy says getting off the hood and crossing her arms stubbornly as she walks toward me .
` ` i told you , '' harry says to daisy , slipping his arm around her waist , ` ` as long as they do n't let it slip that i live here i do n't have to worry about them finding me . ''
` ` shove it , nate , '' daisy snaps and nathan shakes his head , grinning .
` ` you 're right , '' i say to daisy , ` ` i do n't like it either even though i do n't know very much about these people , but we have no other choice , i guess . ''
i stand by daisy , who looks distraught .
i look right at harry , crossing my arms much like daisy .
i sense daisy tense up next to me after i said that telling word , reap .
` ` i say that 's a good thing , '' daisy scoffs .
` ` well , it 's odd for xavier to invite anyone out with him and one of his girlfriends , anyway , '' daisy adds .
nathan and daisy both look at me with equally disfigured expressions , but i do n't feel like explaining myself right now .
` ` daisy , '' harry says , ` ` why do n't you stay with me ? ''
she 's always been sweet , caring , fun daisy mayfair .
` ` you will stay behind , '' isaac says sternly , stepping around me to get in front of daisy .
` ` just do n't piss her off , '' he says just before daisy leans out the passenger 's side window and shouts , ` ` harry , come on !
and then he opens the car door and hops inside with daisy who will probably look as bitter as she does now , for a while .
and with daisy , harry and nathan , for that matter . ''
every set of eyes in the room falls on rachel : harry , the six girls who follow rachel like the queen bee , even zia , camilla and daisy who i am only now realizing are here , too .
zia , sebastian , camilla and daisy have been guarding over her on my orders , for both our safety and alex 's .
daisy and camilla leave together and as i watch them ascend the steps , i hope that daisy can fix this stuff between me and zia .
` ` going to check out the new construction on this wall - hey , tell daisy to come down . ''
nathan throws his hands up in the air , his dreams crushed , and daisy laughs under her breath as he leaves back down the hallway .
that familiar grin always reminds me that he 's daisy 's twin .
i see daisy standing near the crowd with camilla clutched to her side , their faces streaked with tears .
my head darts all around every which way and daisy runs out of the crowd to the place he last stood .
before minna can get a word out , daisy starts to transform sitting on top of her .
isaac , nathan and all of their siblings left standing outside jump on daisy together , all of them in their mediate forms with swirling black eyes and long , black fingernails and graying skin .
what looked like a mound of bodies starts to shrink toward the ground as they finally get daisy controlled .
and he and daisy slip into the trees down the dark path leading back to the house .
nathan , xavier , daisy , shannon , elizabeth and camilla follow closely behind .
of course daisy is with him .
` ` where 's daisy ? ''
harry stands off to the side with daisy .
` ` daisy , '' i say , intolerant of her inevitable resistance , ` ` harry knew this was going to happen .
ben and the others come back into the meeting room , harry and daisy with them .
but daisy spoke up to diffuse the situation : ` ` you really think my brother feels that way about you ? ''
but i have daisy now and things do n't feel so lonely anymore .
` ` so , you 're here because of daisy ? ''
i grin up at daisy and she blushes .
` ` well , i ' m not worried about us here , '' adria says , turning at the waist to look up at daisy , but then she just stands up altogether and crosses her arms .
that 's exactly what isaac did , but i ' m not about to admit it to her and neither is daisy .
` ` daisy , '' adria says , ` ` be honest with me ; can isaac defeat your father ? ''
this is what daisy 's great at : easing the troubled with that infectious smile of hers .
shannon looks across at daisy .
then her face shoots up and she looks right at me and then at daisy with burning worry in her eyes .
unfortunately , daisy does n't : ` ` i ' ve thought about that , too , '' she says .
` ` well , he did , '' daisy clarifies , ` ` but with something like this , it just seems like we would know when he knew . ''
camilla finally gets the words out and daisy continues to hold her .
so then it 's not just me and nathan and daisy who want things in our society to change .
when daisy sees how freaked - out camilla is , she pulls her toward her chest and holds her there , cradling the back of her head .
but i do n't stop ; i have to get to daisy and i do n't give a damn that she 'll probably never forgive me for leaving adria alone .
i see daisy and her sisters out ahead , not too far off in the distance , surrounded by dozens of other black beasts .
in a split - second that feels like slow - motion , they charge one another and i instantly lose sight of daisy .
if it was daisy ... .
even if i can only make out which one of them is daisy .
i should ' ve known not to leave the cave and that i would be making everything harder on adria and daisy and myself .
but it 's not daisy .
i glimpse daisy 's nak*d form , staring at me from the other side and i ' m momentarily overwhelmed that she 's still alive .
i see daisy and many others watching from the top of the ridge , all in their mediate forms , climbing the sides of the trees .
i asked daisy to marry me last month .
i guess i just have a hard time believing that a girl as beautiful and as sexy as daisy mayfair - english accent and all ! -wants to be married to me .
not that i have some sort of self - esteem issues or anything , but daisy is far from being your typical girl - next - door .
i ' ve even gone as far as committing the single most treacherous act that one of us could ever commit : i told daisy everything about me , about us .
but in reality , the chances are that , like always , i 'll outlive even daisy who is almost immortal herself .
i took a deep breath , picking up my bouquet of freesia and lavender and daisies , and stepped outside of the tent .
she passes me a bouquet of daisies she has brought with her , loosely wrapped in brown paper .
his hands were in his pockets like he was strolling through a field of daisies , and not facing the demon that damned him and stole his life .
she was vaguely aware of the red king 's strong hands wrapping around her upper arms as he lifted her easily , like plucking a daisy from the grass .
` ` oopsy daisy , '' liz said , throwing her hand to her mouth .
sure , she knows cuss words in fourteen different languages , but when faced with a minor catastrophe , liz says oopsy daisy .
we heard the clanking of a suit of armor falling to the floor and liz 's distinctive ` ` oopsy daisy . ''
headmistress morgan had , evidently , been fighting off a cold , because her trash contained fourteen used tissues and an empty bottle of vitamin c. i knocked a paper clip dispenser off her desk and channeled liz with a loud ` ` oopsy daisy . ''
` ` hey , what are you guys ... '' she started , and in the next instant she was stumbling over a rock with a cry of , ` ` oopsie daisy ! ''
` ` oopsy daisy , '' liz whispered as she missed a step on the big stone staircase that led to the old chapel .
the next morning while mom takes a nap , when we should be at church , annie and i run down a patchy dirt trail and through thick trees and alongside yellow daisies .
she had glossy black hair and wiry arms covered in a daisy chain of tattoos .
` ` there , there , daisy , it 's all right .
clementine backed the mare daisy from the stall and led her out of the barn .
i climbed up on daisy 's very broad back and reached down for clementine .
as we rode along at a slow walk , which is all i suspected that the massive daisy could ever do in the way of speed , clementine jukes wrapped her arms about my waist and put her face against my bare back .
but mainly we have been sleeping under the open sky , with daisy grazing contentedly nearby , and the sound of a nearby babbling brook , the songs of the wild birds , and the nearness of each other our only comforts .
when we left the jukes place , all those days ago , we rode farther and farther into the wilderness astride the very broad back of the good plow horse daisy .
when , on that first day , we had got about ten miles from clementine 's father 's place , we came upon a well - kept farm and stopped to water daisy .
i went to question the people at the dock as to our chances of finding a boat going downriver , while clementine had the sad duty of taking daisy off to sell her , the forests around the river getting so thick that we could not think of taking her farther .
i knew , from the way clementine would lay her face against the mare 's neck on our journey here , that daisy was the only thing in her former life that she could love and be loved by in return , if only in the simplest of ways : a neigh , a welcoming whicker , a happy toss of the head when the girl would come into the old plow horse 's sight .
i assured clementine that she had done well by both daisy and me , and i put my arm around her and drew her to my side to lend her comfort .
luckily , i brought the radio and turned it on as soon as we wheeled the carts , dolly and daisy and dulcie , off the elevators .
we 'd have to work together when we got to daisy , but maybe we would n't get to it today , and then one of the other student workers would deal with it .
` ` it looks great , ali , '' emily said , adjusting the daisy behind her ear , which she 'd picked from ali 's side yard .
someone had stuck a daisy into an empty bunsen burner .
amongst the other flowers , i see a daisy and i draw it out from the bunch .
and janet , the middle one , had children of her own , pains in the neck , both of them , poppy and daisy by name .
gordon is coming as a field of daisies .
` ` pop her clogs , pass over to the other side , kick the bucket , go west , shuffle off this mortal coil , breathe her last , start pushing up the daisies . ''
they 're both statuesque and tall ( the bitches ) , daisy with dark shoulder - length hair , and cass with a strawberry blonde bob .
` ` yeah , i think i ' m feelin ' you , '' jordyn says , and daisy and cass nod as if they 're one person .
i turn back to daisy .
right now he 's staring at daisy , who is oblivious .
` ` you 're impossible , '' daisy yells , shaking her head as she goes to get a second drink .
cass says , grabbing my arm and dragging me toward the bathroom as daisy and jordyn follow .
jordyn goes off with tanner when he spots some of his friends , and daisy flirts with javier a little bit before another guy comes over and steals her away .
as i assumed , daisy is nowhere to be found and when i text her , she sends back a terse response that tells me she 's going to be staying here .
we have quite a huge group between me , jett , hazel , cass , boyd , jordyn , tanner , daisy , javier and the two guys he 'd brought , marty and skye .
my tattoos - a celtic armband , a daisy chain on my ankle , and a heart somewhere the stepmonster will never see .
` ` is there a problem with this patient , daisy ?
then , seeing the tears in allie 's eyes , she said , ` ` go back to your station , daisy .
she looked down at her nurse 's uniform , where the name ` ` daisy '' was brightly embroidered on her breast pocket , and she resolved to skinjack the first nonmedical person she saw once she stepped out of that elevator ... but the only person there when the elevator door opened was another nurse getting in .
the name ` ` daisy '' was on the other nurse 's uniform too .
as the elevator closed behind her , allie realized that daisy was n't her name at all ; it was the name of the company that manufactured the uniforms .
that the only exchange of love i ' ve ever gotten is from daisy and that felt about as plastic and as fake as things can get .
` ` freak , '' daisy said as i walk down the hall with my head hung low .
she was a grade lower than me and was friends with daisy mcmillian .
i have more important things to worry about than jenna and daisy .
jenna was a friend of daisy 's and i do n't want word to get back to daisy that callie and i are together .
jenna was a friend of daisy 's and i do n't want word to get back to daisy that callie and i are together .
i ' m worried jenna 's already called daisy and she 'll show up here in any minute .
he jerks me to the side by the arm and then we cross the street to a fluorescent - pink store with daisies painted on the window and dresses hanging up on a rack underneath the outside deck .
i kick up sand as we head to the daisy store .
it 's not like back when daisy and i use to say it to each other .
knows that no one 's ever said that to me before , except for daisy and that was n't the same .
we descended next to the water in a field of waving purple daisies .
` ` y'know , all you 'd have to do is cut that pair of jeans in your bag into a pair of daisy dukes , take off your bra and just wear the tank top , and you could- '' she puts her finger on my lips .
she would n't have been more surprised if a bouquet of daisies had popped out of her mouth .
` ` however she did mention this one time she got you to wear these daisy dukes and clogs or something when you all were in germany . ''
and it was n't to sniff noah 's t - shirt and imagine we were running through a field of daisies .
he holds out a bouquet of white daisies .
blythe stayed unconscious through the whole thing , blood dripping steadily from her nose , leaving bright red splotches next to all those little pink and green daisies on her dress .
this time full of springtime and daisies . ''
daisies ... .she smelled like the daisies grams grows in her garden .
daisies ... .she smelled like the daisies grams grows in her garden .
she smelt like daisies again .
my god ... .daisies ... .all i could smell where daisies .
` ` hi , i um , i called in earlier this morning about a silver daisy charm that y' all were going to put on a chain for me .
daisies are my absolute favorite flower .
my bags were already in the room and sitting on the bedside table was a bouquet of fresh daisies .
he said he was taking you canoeing , something you requested i take , and he asked me to pick up some daisies to put in your room .
` ` how the hell did he know daisies were my favorite flower ?
she would forever smell like daisies to me .
she started to open the box and when she saw the daisy necklace her head snapped up and looked at me .
` ` did jefferson tell you daisies where my favorite flowers ? ''
` ` ellie , when you were in jeff 's truck right after the whole ryan thing ... i leaned in to whisper in your ear and i thought you smelled like daisies .
every time i see a daisy i think of my grams who has a whole garden of them and now i will also think of you sweetheart . ''
i put on a little bit of makeup and ran my fingers over the daisy necklace .
i saw his eyes look down and land on my daisy necklace .
i felt the tears rolling down my face as i touched the daisy necklace around my neck .
she was holding a bouquet of daisies in her hand .
grams walked up to ellie and handed her the daisies .
she felt her daisy necklace while i put the bracelet on her left wrist .
i reached up and felt my daisy necklace he gave me for my graduation .
in flower vases , buckets , laying on a bench and even in a bouquet of daisies in a cowboy boot ... ... .holy hell ... ... .i thought i loved this man before but now my heart felt like it was going to burst open from the love i was feeling .
it had beautiful white linens on it and the whole bed was covered with daisy and rose petals .
next to the bed was a side table that had a few white candles on it that where already lit and a vase full of purple daisies .
there was a small kitchen and every surface was covered in more white candles and vases of daisies in ever color you could think of .
i looked on the floor and it was covered in daisy and rose petals .
daisies and other wild flowers were in each one .
jenny 's cell phone rang as jet was handing the girls all their bouquets of daisies .
we walked into the house and emma was holding a bouquet of daisies and smiling so big .
i swear my girlfriend will pee in her daisy dukes when she sees i got a picture of you holdin ' your signature . ''
and we ca n't just leave her free as a daisy .
i lay sprawled on a blanket in my backyard , weaving a daisy chain for my little sister .
i sat up and placed the daisies around her neck .
they looked fresh as daisies .
and somehow she 'd be fresh as a daisy tomorrow .
it 's a name that conjures summers past when i gathered starflowers , bluebonnets , thistle , and daisies on the riverbanks , twining them into bracelets and crowns , filling vase after vase , setting them on every windowsill and mantel , much to aunt 's dismay .
happy yellow gerbera daisies printed on thin green cotton .
i pictured a daisy chain made out of twisted , severed steel , a body mangled up inside it .
` ` daisy needs a little time to defrost , anyway . ''
` ` daisy , back up , sit ! ''
` ` i brought the flatbed ... daisy , stop ! ''
at the sudden noise , night suddenly swung his rump and daisy , already jumpy , started barking again .
` ` daisy , shut up ! ''
what convinced him that he was still semi - sane was when he saw daisy , his golden retriever , scramble to her feet and give a sharp yap of alarm .
whimpering , daisy left her corner to nuzzle kincaid 's elbow .
` ` daisy , down , '' greg snapped , ashamed , the heat crawling up his neck .
matching him step for step , greg 's golden retriever , daisy , alternated between anxious pants and high whimpers .
` ` look , i already put daisy and ghost with the girls .
this was why greg had left daisy with tori and sarah .
many kids had begun to cry , although above the din , she thought she heard the old doctor 's voice drifting back from jayden 's wagon : ` ` what is it , daisy ?
as the golden retriever , daisy , and three other dogs converged , kids spilled over the sides of the wagon : their only move , and a terrible one , like buffalo being driven from a cliff .
jet and daisy sat nearby .
she wore high - top chucks and baggy cut - off jeans that came down to her knees so there was n't even anything daisy duke about them , with her drumsticks protruding from one back pocket .
men hang the bridles with red tassels and daisies to lessen the danger of the dark november sea , but i would n't trust a handful of petals to save my life .
the ones we have caught struggle against us in bridles hung with bells and red ribbons , iron and holly leaves , daisies and prayers .
he had brought her two things : a daisy chain crown , which he somberly placed on her head , and a pink switchblade , which he handed to her .
the first because the gray man had forgotten how to efficiently link daisies and the second because switchblades were illegal in virginia , even if they were pink .
straightening the daisy chain on her head , maura patted the remaining chair and sat on the bricks beside it .
he carefully rearranged the daisy chain in her hair , and then he took out his phone .
when my eyes adjusted , i found gregory normandy sitting behind a desk adorned with stacks of paper and two vases of daisies .
i was a little surprised , especially given the daisies , to see that his head was shaved close and that his arm and chest muscles looked like he could kick my ass without breaking a sweat .
there was a big vase of daisies sitting on his miniature kitchen table , which i guessed was the source of the floriferous odor .
paul and i looked at the daisies and then at each other .
his room was still scented with cinnamon candle and daisies , though neither was in evidence , and there were papers inexplicably scattered all over the floor .
the fresh growth spread across his cheek , exploding into beautiful white flowers with yellow stamen , and purple daisies with deep black centers , and small , pink bleeding hearts that bobbed as he stumbled back again .
as the song crescendoed , a row of daisies poked up from the dirt and unfurled toward her hands .
even from a distance , rowan could see the daisies in small pots by the windows , illuminated by the warm glow of the indoors .
it was the same woman daisy .
thank you so much , daisy , he beamed .
thank you daisy , petrov said .
rowan nodded as daisy returned to the kitchen .
besides , i was getting along in years , and figured by the time conditions really went to hell i 'd be pushing up daisies .
we may need a daisy cutter for the lz , tommy said to no one in particular , mostly to himself .
a daisy cutter is a large bomb dropped from an aircraft that exploded at low proximity to the ground .
he would be landing in the canopy of the jungle at night unless he could spot an opening on his way down that was large enough for him to enter ; unless the captain decided on a daisy cutter .
oh , my dad said at driving miss daisy speed , its just a hank .
could nt agree with you more , daisy , patrick told the cow .
saida picked a fair amount of daisies and laid them at the foot of chaim 's statue .
three months ago , nathan woke early in the morning to the worried whine of their shepherd daisy in their home on fort meade army post in maryland .
moving towards the basement he yelled upstairs , boys , get daisy , she s under the bed !
joshua came next with daisy in his arms and a full backpack on his back .
david came back and slid under the table with daisy lying down beside him , what d i miss ?
the day daisy died was a low point .
asked joshua , almost pleading , and nathan knew in that moment he was thinking of daisy , their dead pet , and not the rabid packs of wild beasts that were a constant concern .
i made a makeshift lean - to out in the woods and spent my days drunk as a daisy .
even the parts he did n't want to remember , like looking over the box and seeing his grandmother wearing much more make up than she ever had , sleeping while clutching a bouquet of daisies , her favorite flower .
and daisies .
i have to have daisies .
oh , not that i do nt love daisies ... that was my grandmas favorite flower .
i think daisies would be just as beautiful lining the house and walkways .
hanna explained , clutching the daisies next to her heart .
they immediately sprang back , giving her the look of a cheerful daisy .
it rolled up to my minds eye like some large , insipid billboard on wheels illustrated with daisies , uniform houses , and blue sky .
a boy moved a herd of spotted goats down the road and was yelled at by a presidio guard , a soldado , who kicked at one errant goat that had the audacity to pull a few daisies from one of the planted areas surrounding the paved public area .
the next headmaster was her twin sister who build a rival boarding school in sparks : kennedy boarding school and magnolias 4 daughters became keepers of each house : rose on isis house , dandelion on horus house , tulip on osiris house and daisy on anubis house .
each one of them decided to move on and left , but daisy , the youngest did nt .
meet me tomorrow at sunrise by that portrait of daisy lunar on the third floor .
like lovers running through a sun - drenched field of daisies , they bolted through the wet flora hand - in - hand .
peach s. geldof and daisy buchanan orlova !
i think what she means to say is that we learn better through music , said daisy .
were just immersing ourselves in the current culture to better understand our surroundings , said daisy .
it was something strange to daisy but she could easily recognize it as foreboding as the nature within her body took a cue to cower for her sister .
if anything is wrong with me or daisy , its a result of your weakness .
she turned to daisy hoping she would give her the validation for which she was silently hoping .
peachs weeping subsided , but her eyes were still burned with the evidence as she looked up to daisy with a budding eagerness .
i ca nt believe we actually did it , said daisy .
right , mother , said daisy confidently .
she looked up to see daisy approaching , huddling her body up to hold in her warmth .
i ca nt do this , anymore , daisy .
i do nt want to rule over these people , daisy .
i do nt know why i let it get to this point , daisy .
as daisy and kayleigh descended the stairs from the roof , they saw peach leaving the kitchen area with a sandwich stacked with the usual meats , spreads , and vegetables along with some unusual toppings .
but anyway , i do nt know if you noticed like daisy , but i really have nt been myself lately .
her eyes reddened and looked past daisy to fix on to kayleigh .
she lunged for the woman , but while kayleigh dove for cover to the side , daisy jumped into a short spin and thrust a kick into the girls stomach .
yellow splatters on the walls and floors hissed violently as daisy and kayleigh dodged each of peachs acidic attacks on their way to the stairs , but halfway up the steps , peach cleared the great distance from the floor to the underside of the catwalk above the ladies and swung herself up to the top .
kayleigh tossed her rifle to daisy and ran into her room .
with a face shredded clear of its identity , peach continued her tackle and took daisy through the wall into the room .
as kayleigh made her way to daisy to help her back to her feet she turned her head to take a glance at her heavy deed done through the clearing smoke and felt every nerve in her chest fray and singe at sight of a shattered vial relinquishing yellow fluid held inside .
meanwhile , on a fast trek out of their district , daisy , with kayleigh on her back , cleared the length of the main street in a matter of seconds .
and as that stood with most to be a blend of relief in a reacquainting with an undeniable essential of modernity and a bitter realization that the dreaded morning would carry on as the grievous usual , daisy and kayleighs view of dawn carried a rather unusual and intimidating prospect for concern .
you may have learned a lot over these past couple of months , daisy , but books can only teach you so much .
i m sorry , daisy .
it was a simple depiction of a lily and a daisy with their stems intertwining into the shape of a heart .
as the lily was jaylas favorite flower and the daisy was jinas , it was the tattoo she said she would get if she and jina ever made the jump into a deeper relationship .
if all five of us jump him at once , well have him pushin daisies before he can blink !
they walked toward the grass full of daisies and violet , trigs made a snapping sound .
at first it was hard for her to face the scene of her marriage , but gradually she learned to see each flower individually , each separate rose and mum , each daisy and daffodil .
` ` they are called the tree daisy , a native deciduous tree .
a steep , grass covered hillside sloped away from harold 's gully , where the tree daisies were , to the stream .
` ` anyhow , after i help john unload the posts i 'll take you to see my tree daisies . ''
after he pushed through the undergrowth , harold pointed out the unspectacular tree daisies , now devoid of leaves but with new shoots beginning to poke through the bark .
the tree daisies were in full bloom with the scented flowers adding to the tranquillity on the scene .
jack lay in a field of daisies with his eyes shut tight .
the wolf bounded through a field of daisies , saliva dripping from its jaws .
if you want some shorts we can cut your blue jeans into daisy dukes .
uncle jessie and daisy ?
anyhow , a twenty year old catherine bachman played the part of cousin daisy .
tarzan and cousin daisy at blue lagoon ?
natasha stood beside the dining table dressed in her white shirt and daisy dukes .
welcome aboard , tarzancousin daisy .
how are you , miss daisy ?
nice meeting you miss daisy .
and daisy if you do nt mind the intrusion of these two young men .
i assumed daisy must be the name of the boat , or ship had gone senile in the night , he was old enough .
with the boat scrubbing finished , ship covered daisy back over and assured us we would see her finished soon .
in daisy ?
when daisy is finally back in the water i will use it to get out to her .
as much as i would love to see you buried , underground , dead , pushing up daisies , this is the wrong fight , pinty .
he rolls his eyes at my insistence that she s not pushing up daisies .
so i ' m singing , flying i ' m just like a bird that flies into your waiting arms with flowers , daisies in your precious garden with the butterflies way up in the skies i ' m soaring with your love upon my lips you kiss me sweetly above the ocean rego listened as she sang .
he collected blue petals which seemed to be from a daisy .
the mountain slopes down into a setting of green woods composed of oak , pine , maple , and cedar trees along with a rare and beauty confederate yellow daisy found in which is a soft baby chick - colored yellow with a white seed instead of a dark black pit which is named helianthus porteri .
for yalls fun and enjoyment , an interesting old southern legend tells that the confederate yellow daisy brings to the finder both fortune and fianc , giggles with the girls .
yes , my little belles if ya find a daisy then ya make a jasey .
well be rehearsing and playing the music sheet lounging lazy on your music stand in front of your eyeballs which is entitled daisy bell .
that or shed be fertilizing the daisies .
` ` daisy thought she had seen a man in the gardens last night as she cleaned the linen . ''
` ` we ' ve talked to daisy and got some kind of description . ''
` ` but daisy is quite adamant of what she saw . ''
` ` the man daisy saw was a well - built man with a shaven head .
the slight daisy lickter wore a thin white dress that hung on delicate straps , exposing her shoulders , before resuming sleeves that ended with frills around her wrists .
he tensed again as daisy moved more quickly than most of the men he d laid low , placing her hand over the bandage on his chest .
tensely , he waited for daisy to finish .
before he could cut the ranchers off daisy beat him to it .
after spotting daisy through the window of bravos , chancho forgot about his rush to return to the catholic hills .
he could nt leave without his supplies , and besides , daisy was in danger even if only he knew it .
without another thought chancho swept around the corner , snagging the bundle in his left hand and staying low as he rushed toward daisy and the rinche .
after spinning on his behind in a terrible flurry of kicking legs , chancho managed to face the rinche , still embracing daisy with one hand and gripping the .45 in his other .
squirming in his lap , daisy endeavored to straighten her dress and recover her dignity which had indeed been bruised .
finished with her task , daisy turned to face him , her face less than a foot from his own .
after he let daisy go ?
without another word he gave daisy a wink and leapt upward , clasping the front lip of the overhang with his left hand .
of all the cursed days to finally have a chance encounter with daisy , after imagining the blessed scenario a thousand times over .
briefly he summarized the encounter in the street , enhancing his role of saving daisy from abuse , while reserving his most elaborate story - telling flare for the end of the auto chase .
the image of daisy lickter bending down to assist him on the sidewalk played across his mindhis fantasy for two long years .
at the same time he thought of daisy and chloe , regretting having never seen a woman as anything other than a romantic fantasy .
tapestries of yellow people on yellow horses in fields of yellow daisies .
and he always gave me daisies and daffodils .
and we will have a white wedding , with daisies and daffodils .
forty one and fresh as a daisy .
fresh as a damn daisy .
the white cotton material was printed all over with little bunches of cheerful daisies .
said lo , and he squeezed the little bunches of cheerful cotton daisies that rested on tiny 's spandex covered breast , encasing her hand .
a mixture of ivy , daisies , and miniature pink roses magically and continually grew along the edges , complimenting the design .
the sun highlighted bright colors painted on the petals of every flower imaginable -- roses , daisies , blue bells , sunflowers , sweet peas , and so many that echo could nt even name .
the question plagued her brain until the familiar bump of a loose spring at the foot of the mattress rubbed against her foot and the oil painting of yellow daisies caught her eye .
her thoughts drifted away and she fell into a trance , floating down a daisy chain of memories which her subconscious mind collected together .
she felt herself falling into the depths of her mind , and the drug inside her started to collect together a daisy chain of memories shed never seen before .
the uncultivated grasslands were flecked with flowers : dandelions and honeysuckle , daisies and buttercups .
you could add babys - breath , and some small daisies as fillers , veronica answered .
around her neck she wore a simple wreath of daisies , and a rose was in her teeth .
one of these days , little miss daisy , you and i are going to go head to head , he growled as he threw the car in gear and stomped on the accelerator .
wearied from a day of shuttling the children to and from school , preschool and daisy scouts , laundry , cooking and cleaning , jennifer simply stared blankly at her husband of fifteen years .
and all because poor irena strayed a foot from the path , to pick some daisies .
she wore tiny daisy dukes , leaving her legs naked .
# 9 twilight psychic sisters as angie and twilight cruised down the slushy streets of pueblo in twilight 's green vw bug ( which was covered with decals of daisies and sunflowers ... angie had smiled at that ) , angie began to feel weak from hunger .
i looked out the window , nothing exciting there , just a lot of desert landscaped lawns and one - story houses , although , nearly every house i can see has an infestation of desert daisies .
no other plants exist like the daisies , appearing out of nowhere , blanketing yards as far as the eye can see , and then dying suddenly when the temperature hits the horrible summertime heat .
even the daisies were different .
i noticed the desert daisies were already wilting away into dead weeds throughout the cracks in the sidewalk .
the crunch of a desert daisy under my heel startled me .
all of the daisies in the middle section of the cracks looked like the daisy i made , these flowers were n't wilted .
all of the daisies in the middle section of the cracks looked like the daisy i made , these flowers were n't wilted .
then my feet stopped tapping forward , i looked down at the daisies , and the back at the corner i turned minutes before .
i would crush daisies she would never see , crush her ability to live in a defined normality .
set in a field of oversized daisies , somewhere between her tree haven and the camp of assembling warriors , she was impatient for dahlia 's return .
the lack of soft , brushing sound as she passed through the daisies , and that of the colorful wisps ' departure , signaled dahlia 's proximity .
the entire hillside was swathed in dancing lilies , roses , tulips , and daisies in every shade of pink imaginable , giving the illusion of a rolling coral sea .
a rolling orb of water tumbled through the air and splashed on a yellow daisy .
` ` hang on , they were mixed in and kind of hidden with these daisies , let me find the right one , '' he told her .
she watched a beautiful daisy pixie , its petals flowing in the wind as it floated by where missy had come out .
its body seemed made of daisy petals , shifting and twisting in the wind .
from the simplicity of the daisy that grow in every color of thy rainbow , to the vibrancy of the purple , orange , and pink tulip .
she , eeowyn , prima , and malaika collapse into unconsciousness , only to awaken several hours later in a field of pale blue daisies .
~*~ unlocking her eyes to a clear starlit night , the cheerful scent of daisies clung to her first breath .
it was a pricey silver ring : perfectly shaped with kayla inscribed around it , with a small daisy on each side of her name .
the flowers are marvelous this time of year , she claimed , while still holding the daisy and dagger .
kayla laid down the daisy , which was missing a few petals , to look inside the pouch .
vandor , what shall we do in coming years , she asked intently , looking down at the daisy she once held , missing the petals .
kaylas eyes again looked upward , plucking another petal from the daisy , i myself have thought as much .
a breath , as she pulled the last petal from the daisy she held , do you feel as such for me now that we are older ?
dropping the stem she was holding , she noticed the daisies on both sides of her name as it set in vandors palm .
vandor had taken the little money he did have and bought kayla a nice leather bracelet with daisies on it which tied at the bottom .
from the silvery hair , entwined with poesies , violets , daisies and babys breath , to a dress of riotous colors and bare feet , not to mention the iridescent wings protruding from her back , ella guessed the second figure to be the absent fairy godmother .
i m running through a field of daisies !
there was just a bunch of boring text about daisies and other flowers , and how fields of flowers often had butterflies and bees swarming around .
daisies dotted the grass along with red poppies in clearings , and there were foxgloves growing in every available space .
one day , as the girl slouched with her back upon a headstone singing to herself a lullaby and plucking the leaves off of a daisy , a boy peeked shyly from around the other side of the headstone .
perhaps , he thought , monsieur c would not mind terribly if he were to take some daisies and make a chain of his own , which he did , resting it on the girls crown .
each had woven a crown of daisies and poppies and placed theirs upon the head of the other so that they might play at being married , which they did with the whole of the village in attendance .
clutching remmy in one hand , raymond punched through a patch of daisies growing criss - crossed along a small hill and tore into the woods .
as she cautiously approached him , raymond could see a wild yellow daisy tucked behind her ear , a stark contrast to the brooding dark eyes that currently surveyed him .
salome took the daisy out from behind her ear .
leaning closer to raymond , she gently drew the daisy 's soft white petals lightly across his cheek .
the daisy 's caress gave raymond goosebumps and he looked back at salome with a wide grin .
salome smiled back , holding the daisy to the sliver of moonlight before letting it go to the wind gusting through the cracks .
lizzy , i m gon na need you to get me a massive stack of those tolerance bumper stickers , with the daisies , we saw on that volkswagen beetle .
all of her photographs -- mostly of the two of them together -- were lined up on the mantle in those tacky , cutesy frames , decorated with pewter hearts and daisies .
now here was rosmerta looking daisy fresh at eight in the morning .
it rolled its fingers , twirling the severed limb like a daisy petal before tossing it aside , adding to the omens ' sun - ripened buffet .
at the precise moment of the death of big one - arm ( who had once been called hyacinth , and before that , inky jack , and who was forever in his heart agasu ) , his sister , whom he had known as wututu , who had been called mary on her first plantation in the carolinas , and daisy when she had become a house slave , and sukey when she was sold to the lavere family down the river to new orleans , felt the cold bayonet slide between her ribs and started to scream and weep uncontrollably .
there , tattooed in glittering coppery ink on her dusky skin , was a daisy .
the pretty little daisy was mutating before our eyes .
crockery lay in shards , and one chair had been smashed flat , the legs surrounding it like a denuded daisy in the throes of he loves me not .
only now did she risk a look at fairy daisy .
' look , it 's not her that 's got the big ears , ' snapped fairy daisy .
lady odile flume , in the fifth form , was always boasting that her great - great - grandmother had once been seduced by the god blind to in the form of a vase of daisies , which apparently made her a demi - hemi - semi - goddess .
it was like raising a little pony , feeding it and grooming it properly , plaiting ribbons in its tail , giving it a nice field with bunnies and daisies in it , and then watching the first rider take it out with spurs and a whip .
it was a quarter to daisy .
teach turned out to be a tall , stick - like man with an amiably absent - minded expression and a fringe of white hair so that , when viewed from above , he would appear to be a daisy .
funny thing , i can drink all night and feel as fresh as a daisy in the morning . '
attack by daisies ?
' there 's the surprising way those little daisies spray you with venomous pollen ... ' ' ah , yes .
giant grasses and daisies grew everywhere , so the fairies must have been quite small , but they looked big .
they were daisies .
they were daisies , and these were n't giant reeds around her , they were blades of grass and she was very , very small .
tiffany turned toward a clump of daisies twice the height of a man .
said the daisies .
the daisy stems parted and the boy roland darted out and joined her under the leaf .
she ran along the path , head down , ready to swing the pan at anything that stood in her way , and burst through a clump of grass into a space lined with daisies .
tiffany panted , as they dashed through giant daisies .
' everyone thinks it 's another toothache cure , but just look at the cut root by stored moonlight , using my blue magnifying glass tiffany tried it , and read : ' good for colds may cors drowsniss do not oprate heave mashinry ' ' terrible spelling , but not bad for a daisy , ' said miss level .
from above , it must have looked like a dark daisy , closing and opening .
she had stopped dancing rather self - consciously through the narrow meadow and was trying to plait some daisies in her hair , without much success .
' it had a daisy pattern round the top . '
after long minutes , she stopped at deirdre 's headstone and knelt to place the yellow daisies she been clutching .
i 'd always staked a lot of certainties on that fact ; i 'd been told his body was found , and nobody ever seemed to have any doubt that bad bob was pushing up daisies .
purple irises , birds of paradise , daisies of every shape and size .
there were even fresh daisies in a vase in the center of the table .
here it 's safe , here it 's warm here the daisies guard you from every harm here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true here is the place where i love you .
here it 's safe , here it 's warm here the daisies guard you from every harm the final lines are barely audible .
proud and far - off as a snow - mountain , and as merry as any lass i ever saw with daisies in her hair in springtime .
well , perhaps not daisy , but certainly clive .
no help from on high - drumknott reports - a possible jape - mr fusspot takes the stage - strange things in the air - the return of mr bent - ' look out , he 's got a daisy ! '
he 's got a daisy ! '
he 's got a daisy !
the earth 's disc was nowhere to be seen ; the stars , thick as daisies on an uncut lawn , reigned perpetually with no cloud , no moon , no sunrise to dispute their sway .
this was now very like the courtyard , for the roof had long since disappeared and it was merely another space of grass and daisies , except that it was shorter and narrower and the walls were higher .
they rested at last beside a well at the edge of a wide and level circle of grass , bordered with tall elms which now threw long shadows across it , for the sun was setting , the daisies closing , and the rooks flying home to bed .
all he knew was he had picked the woman out of the strolling meat - market down on fremont street , a little brunette honey in fawn - colored hotpants with these big daisy mae tits poking out the front of her halter .
as the footsteps reached the other side of the door , bill saw that one of the big daisies was on the verge of doing a header out of the bouquet .
when she removed it , more rustic treasures fell out : ants ( most dead but three or four still able to crawl ) , the plump corpse of a honeybee , several daisy - petals of the sort you were supposed to pluck from the central flower while chanting he - loves - me , he - loves - me - not ... and a few filmy white hairs .
it was a black tank top with a chain of red daisies embroidered near the top .
jerome smiled and flicked his ashes into a vase of gerbera daisies on my table .
unless your idea of a bright future is pushing up daisies , he will not deliver on his promises .
i think , daisy , we can afford a little stand - easy .
she heard miss hardcastle say , ` ` i think , kitty dear , you and daisy had better bring her round here . ''
` ` what are you fussing about , daisy ? ''
are n't you comfortable , daisy ?
jane found herself hustled out of the car and hurried along between daisy and kitty .
she put her hand in the pocket of the coat which daisy and kitty had flung round her and found a slab of chocolate .
though i still feel the same as i always did , '' bod said , but mother slaughter interrupted , ` ` and i still feels like i done when i was a tiny slip of a thing , making daisy chains in the old pasture .
she gestured toward the white flowerpot , and the pretty painted daisy blooming in it .
` ` sun on the daisies it means , it does . ''
obliging - but disapproving - she used magic and a brush to work it into gleaming , silky lengths , pulling a little of it up with a barrette and stealing a couple of small daisies from a nearby vase to tuck into the barrette .
i gestured with my fork to the flowers - an arrangement of brightly colored gerbera daisies .
with a thump that caused pigeons to explode away like a detonating daisy , the librarian landed on his chosen rooftop .
you drank as much as them and you look fresh as a daisy .
next he knew , the daisies on the sides of the road would be ganging up to try and eat him .
including daisies .
kernel has absolute faith in him but i would n't be shocked if we returned to earth only to find that a hundred years have passed and everyone we knew is pushing up daisies .
bright white and gold daisies filled a blue vase in the center of the small white table .
once everyone is asleep - minna in the yellow room , with one arm looped around amy 's waist , their hair intermingling on the pillows ; trenton in the blue room , lying on his back , arms flat at his sides , as though he has been felled by a blow ; and caroline in the daisy room , because at the last minute she expressed a horror of sleeping in the master suite , which looks identical to the way it did during the years of her marriage ; and even sandra , although awake , of course , has gone silent and still , so that her presence is nearly imperceptible - i ca n't stop thinking about what caroline said to minna about death .
five - zero - five temple street was a set of four californian bungalows , two on each side of a central garden alive with petunias and poppies , daisies and lilies .
the english daisy , lobelia , and forget - me - not .
painted daisies , sweet william .
it was edwina ballard , cradling a large basket of freshly picked flowers in her arms , a composition that included roses , daisies , sweet peas and foliage in various shades of green .
eadie was laughing at aletia who was making a daisy chain for her .
somehow i stumbled onto the meadow land at the backs , its little used pasture behind the colleges , where the long grass was thick with poppies and daisies and the butterflies spent their lives .
i repeated what i d told the bartender , who by now was at the end of the bar , caressing a gooseneck p. a. mike : and now , bros , how bout a real warm welcome for our own country queen , righteous princess daisy !
pancho whooped go daisy !
pancho turned back toward daisy .
daisy popped her waistband snap and peeled the denim in slow motion , unveiling the unexpected bonus of a tattooed daisy , bent forward , halfway up its stalk , by her sudden curve of stomach .
now visible in the spill from the pink stage spots , he waved to daisy .
squatting in front of tats , daisy began to tease him .
i caught her hand and yanked her forward and daisy tumbled harmlessly off the stage onto the mattress of panchos fat back .
the weather reflected her spirits , though her future did not seem as bright as the green fields outside the window , the purple aubrietia that spilled over garden walls , the gay red and yellow tulips , the thousands of tiny daisies and dandelions that carpeted the grassy pastures .
it was a delightful spring day , with high , fluffy clouds drifting across a sky of hazy blue and a thousand daisies and dandelions scattered across the back lawn .
buttercups , dandelions , and daisies sprang up in the grasses through which he strode , and sunshine turned the ivy that hugged the trees to a brilliant , shining green .
watch your tongue , daisy , the large man cautioned , besides you know today be one of her bad days .
with a flounce of her stained skirt , daisy turned and forsaking the servants entrance , left through the beaumonts front door .
who the devil are you , and where s daisy ?
sitting on the edge of the bed in her room in hollywood 's ambassador hotel she had again watched the tv spot for lyndon johnson in which the image of a little girl counting daisy petals turned into a countdown to an exploding atom bomb .
tatiana stopped to pluck a daisy .
i m going to him , daisy whispered .
evie went to get up , but daisy caught her arm , and with what strength she had left , pulled her back down .
she did nt know what daisy was talking about .
i want you to talk to priscilla , daisy rambled on .
she had only ever come here with daisy , and she would always lead the way .
and my poor poor daisy .
she 'd give anything to have daisy back , and to sleep in that horrible room once more .
it was in the local newspaper and i wrote to daisy and told her about it .
book one daisy chapter one july 1924 every young maid at barnham house was bursting with excitement at the prospect of miss estelles wedding .
well that was about to change , and daisy west , for one , could n't wait for the festivities to begin .
so much so , that when one of lady ashleighs cousins , a photographer called sven carlsson , had come to stay the week before ; while he was taking pictures of the house and the staff , he asked lady ashleighs permission to photograph daisy alone because she was so pretty .
this had not gone down well with the other maids , and daisy enjoyed being the subject of their jealousy right at this moment , mrs rogers had daisy up on a stool , polishing the bevelled glass mirror that hung above one of the two mantelpieces .
this had not gone down well with the other maids , and daisy enjoyed being the subject of their jealousy right at this moment , mrs rogers had daisy up on a stool , polishing the bevelled glass mirror that hung above one of the two mantelpieces .
the older woman tried to pretend she was n't keeping a beady eye on daisy as she worked ; and while it appeared she was dusting the queen anne chairs , it seemed as though she knew everything the young maid was doing .
just remember that mirror came from the palace of versailles , daisy , she warned .
mrs roger 's voice snapped her back to reality , and daisy realised she 'd been idly polishing the same spot in the glass , whilst staring out the window .
like daisy , she had n't worked here long .
there was an established hierarchy in the house , and a mere maid such as daisy would have little to do with the governess .
the most daisy had ever had to say to her was a polite good morning maam , and even now she felt as though she should do a little curtsey from atop her stool .
perhaps you could help miss bryant , daisy .
with her golden hair and big blue eyes , daisy was very pretty .
come on daisy , miss bryant said , snapping her out of her reverie .
miss bryant took the pile of newspapers out of the tea chest and passed them to daisy .
miss bryant asked as daisy passed her the ornament and she wrapped it up in a page of the times .
i was working in the kitchens of the orphanage where i lived , daisy replied .
that includes you daisy .
she left the room and daisy carried on wrapping the ornaments .
the morning went quickly for daisy , as she and miss bryant - or priscilla , as she asked to be called - worked and chatted .
priscilla was hoping he would soon propose , and daisy was so jealous .
priscilla had even finished the mirror off for daisy - she was tall enough to reach it without the aid of a stool .
the larder door was closed , but from behind it , daisy could hear mrs hurleys loud voice , ordering someone about .
all the food for the wedding 's arrived , mrs collins told daisy .
she placed it on a tray and put some bread and butter on a plate , and passed it to daisy .
now do n't spill any down your uniform , she tutted , as if daisy had already committed the crime .
yes mrs collins , daisy replied , almost snatching the tray off her .
as daisy passed estelle 's bedroom , she could n't help but feel excited to know that in there her beautiful wedding dress would be hanging up .
of course , the likes of daisy would never be privy to it , and she would only get to see it on saturday , when everyone else did .
master william 's bedroom was at the end of the hallway ; and before she went in , daisy balanced the tray on one arm and touched up her hair with the other .
but she could n't stop herself from being vain - it was in daisy 's blood .
on hearing daisy come in , he turned and smiled at her .
yes sir , was all daisy said , aware it would be rude to enter into a conversation with him .
so how long have you worked here daisy ?
mrs collins was now at the huge table , tenderising some meat , ready for dinner that night ; and daisy could n't help but wonder , as the woman bashed the meat with a mallet , if she was imagining it was mrs hurley - everyone knew the two of them did n't get on .
there 's some bread and cheese over there daisy , mrs collins said .
the bell rang and daisy saw it was from william 's room .
come and join me for a chat daisy , he said .
without much hesitation , daisy sat down beside william .
he pulled out a tatty brown book and came back to daisy , sitting beside her and passing it to her .
as tempted as daisy was , she knew it was time to go .
without being dismissed , daisy shoved treasure island into the pocket of her apron and scurried out of the room and down to the kitchen .
chapter two daisy could nt understand why everyone was lying and saying miss estelle made a beautiful bride , because she did n't .
it cut daisy to the quick , but she had to maintain her polite smile and get on with the job .
by late afternoon , daisy was exhausted .
they had their own allotment garden round the other side of the house , where mrs hurley grew an array of vegetables ; but daisy liked this one , with its tall palm trees and brightly coloured flowers shed never seen before .
how are you daisy ?
a voice suddenly said , and daisy jumped out of her skin .
i like you daisy .
miss salter is very pretty , daisy blurted out .
do nt be cruel , daisy laughed .
they were interrupted by another voice , and as soon as daisy heard it , she guessed she was in big trouble .
i asked daisy to come out here for a chat .
he looked at daisy and smiled , but she could swear there was a glimmer of regret in his eyes .
but at the same time , susan was the closest thing daisy had to a friend , and did nt like the thought of her maybe stepping out with a man .
i thought i d pop in and see how you were all getting on , priscilla said to daisy .
priscilla left the room and daisy smiled to herself .
she was more interesting than susan , and she wielded far more influence in the house - should daisy want to get on at all .
she was slightly older than daisy , but was a bit slow on the uptake and easy to manipulate .
there s a message for you daisy , she said quietly .
the tiny window high up in the wall rather made it look like a prison cell , and the only furniture was a small bed , a wooden cabinet and a tiny wardrobe where she kept the few clothes she had , but it was enough for daisy .
the dress was a little long on daisy , but she liked it because it had a low neck and intricate beads woven into the front .
priscilla noticed daisy in the mirror and smiled .
it hurts , daisy groaned .
priscilla laughed and went over to a sideboard at the other end of the room and poured daisy a glass of water from the crystal jug that stood on it .
when the pub shut , they d asked the girls to go for a walk down by the docks ; and even though daisy did nt like her sailor very much , she agreed to hold his hand and go off alone with him .
perhaps clarissa had even egged him on to do something cruel - like asking one of the maids out and getting her hopes up ; and in reality , they would hide somewhere and watch daisy make an idiot of herself .
when he spotted daisy , he waved eagerly and she waved back , wondering what on earth he had planned for her today .
you ll love it daisy .
you seem a bright girl daisy .
the middle - aged couple got off the train at clapham junction , and as it moved off again , daisy gasped as she looked out and saw the rows of back to back houses beneath the train tracks .
if only we d known , daisy chuckled .
like a child , daisy broke away from william and ran across the road , weaving in and out of the horses and carts , just missing a bus that was heading her way .
as ordinary people milled around , looking through the gates , trying to get a glimpse of royalty , it made daisy laugh to think that shed been in the company of the duke and duchess of york the day before ; and indeed one day her companion would be a lord and no doubt invited here in some capacity .
william took off his jacket and laid it on the ground for daisy to sit on .
i do nt know what it is daisy .
he looked at daisy and smiled .
as they walked back to waterloo station , the late afternoon sun was glorious , and daisy loved being in william 's company .
they took the train back to haslemere and daisy could n't shut up about all the things she 'd seen .
master william , daisy , was all she said .
william , daisy , this is mr charles cray , my friend .
william and charles shook hands like gentlemen , and charles nodded his head to daisy , who did the same in return .
i was just coming back from woody chandler 's house , and who should step off the train on the opposite platform , but daisy here !
the adults walked into the station , and once they were gone , william laughed , grasping daisy 's hand and pulling her over to the other side of the road - out of earshot .
how daisy envied her .
priscilla walked a little in front , and behind her back , william kept trying to tickle daisy on her shoulders , making her laugh .
priscilla asked daisy .
you should be careful though daisy , london could be a dangerous place for a young girl on her own .
but instead she declared she fancied a cup of tea and proceeded to walk down the stairs to the servants ' area , where daisy was headed .
i can make you a cup of tea and bring it up to your room , daisy called from the top of the stairs .
there was something about priscillas manner that told daisy she knew william was lying , and daisy wondered what she was going to say scared that she was going to tell lady ashleigh .
she sat on the bed beside daisy and put the tray on the little cabinet next to it .
no , daisy snapped .
i was nt born yesterday daisy .
of course he d say that daisy .
oh daisy , she sighed , reaching up and brushing a lock of her hair from her forehead .
so please , see sense daisy .
chapter four daisy did a good job of avoiding william for the next week .
every time daisy looked out of a window and saw the boys together down in the tropical garden , enjoying a surreptitious smoke , or else heading out over the front grounds on a spree , she would seethe with jealousy .
norman finally went home on the saturday afternoon , and when daisy was in the kitchen , having her tea break , susan joined her , complaining about the terrible state the boy had left his room in .
he 's always had people like us to clear up after him i suppose , daisy ruminated .
it 's alright , daisy smiled sadly .
you want to get yourself a sweetheart daisy .
even though she was only sixteen , daisy started to feel like an old maid - the one who was left behind , while everyone else had fun .
after finally drifting off to sleep , daisy awoke and immediately felt sad at the prospect of a boring and lonely day ; but as she sat up , she thought she was seeing things when she spotted a piece of paper on the floor , just by the door .
dressing in a modest skirt and light wool two piece with short sleeves , daisy left the house , looking around to make sure no one was about .
he went round the back of the church and when he re - emerged , wheeling two bicycles either side of him , daisy burst out laughing .
at the end of the little high street was a pub called the belford barrow , and it was a lot smaller than the pubs daisy was used to in portsmouth .
they eyed the two youngsters with suspicion as they entered , and daisy felt rather nervous , hoping they would nt give them any trouble .
he returned with a pint of shandy for himself and a gin and tonic for daisy , and for a moment she wondered if he wanted to get her drunk so he could try it on .
i thought we could make a trip of it daisy .
i do nt know about that , daisy frowned as priscillas words of warning coming back to her .
i ca nt do this without you daisy .
how he made daisy feel as though she was singularly the most important person he had in his life despite the fact they had only known each other a short while .
i m seventeen next year daisy - i m almost a grown up .
ill do whatever you wish daisy .
for the first time ever , as they parted , william dared to give daisy a brief kiss on the lips .
my sweet daisy , he said .
chapter five knowing she would soon be going to london made the weeks preceding it drag for daisy .
shed been almost disappointed when shed told mrs rogers that alice brown , a girl she 'd been in the orphanage with , had recently married and wished to see daisy for a couple of days , and the housekeeper had just accepted it without question .
william told his parents he was visiting a friend in london , and they too met it with nonchalance and he laughed when he told daisy that like her , he d had a warning to stay out of trouble as well .
that 'll be master william wanting his lunch , mrs collins said , handing daisy a plate of cold meats and some cheese .
well be left alone daisy .
susan was going down to portsmouth to see bob and did nt want daisy tagging along ; and all the other maids had to work .
morning priscilla , daisy yawned , rubbing her sleepy eyes .
oh daisy , i never thought i 'd get a man to marry me .
she flopped down onto the bed with a sigh , and daisy was sure she could see tears in her friend 's eyes .
she sighed , wiped her tears away with the back of her hand and looked at daisy .
anyway , dear daisy , i was wondering if you would like to go out somewhere today ?
that sounds lovely , thank you , daisy answered , and while she liked the thought of spending the day with priscilla , she did n't know how she was going to keep her secret to herself .
all it would result in would be daisy getting the sack and never seeing william again .
her friend knelt and said a prayer , and told daisy how shed found comfort in the church after walter died .
in childish delight , daisy whooped and put her hands to her mouth , then looked around in apology at the more genteel patrons throwing her disapproving looks .
thank you so much priscilla , daisy gushed .
oh dear daisy , you look most perplexed .
so many emotions ran through daisy - shock , disappointment , hurt , puzzlement .
she could never know that the only thing that was keeping daisy going was the hope that william would make it as an actor in london , so he would nt go to paris anyway .
i ' m so excited daisy , i think i might go pop .
to be a future lord and have aspirations to become an actor was an anathema and so it had to remain a secret ; and once again daisy felt that overwhelming gratitude that she was the one he 'd chosen to confide in .
we 're going to have so much fun daisy , i ca n't wait .
chapter six it was raining on the morning of daisy and williams trip to london , and daisy saw this as a bad omen .
in her mind she could still hear priscilla standing at the door , waving goodbye to her and wishing her a safe journey - hoping she had fun in southampton ; and daisy hated herself for lying .
the happiness daisy felt on seeing him made her realise how deep her feelings for him were .
the train came to a stop , and daisy had to hold herself back from rushing past everyone so she could disembark first and get to william .
my darling daisy , he said , kissing her upon the lips .
he took daisy 's bag and they made their way to the london platform .
the people opposite them in the carriage stifled their giggles as the two young people practiced the play - daisy holding onto the script , while william theatrically recited his lines .
he was one of life 's extroverts , and daisy did n't doubt that this was what would get him through the audition with flying colours .
and besides , whether he wanted it or not , he would still one day become lord ashleigh , and daisy could n't help but get her head turned just a little by the thought of being his lady .
the outside grandeur was a little misleading , for as they stepped inside , the first thing that hit daisy was the smell of musty carpets .
with another excited whoop , daisy got up and ran to join william .
oh my darling daisy , i do love you so , he said , reaching out and grasping her hand , pulling her to him .
people came here to make their fortune , and daisy could just imagine her life with william .
he was so beautiful and perfect , daisy still could n't comprehend why he wanted to be with her .
let 's hope so daisy darling , then i can make my fortune as an actor and we can move up here for good .
william left , and daisy realised that she was hungry .
afterwards , daisy asked the man on reception how she got to high street kensington , and he told her it was about a twenty minute walk .
as daisy passed a huge department store called ' bottomley 's ' , she noticed a sign in the window saying ' shop girls wanted ' .
the young girl stood up and looked at her , and the snotty expression on her over - made up face told daisy she 'd made a mistake in approaching her .
fighting the urge to run out of the shop , daisy walked off , further into the emporium , and asked another , friendlier - looking young woman where the lifts were .
with a cheery smile , she pointed daisy in the right direction , and soon daisy was on her way up to the fifth floor in yet another rickety lift that scared the life out of her .
with a cheery smile , she pointed daisy in the right direction , and soon daisy was on her way up to the fifth floor in yet another rickety lift that scared the life out of her .
a sign on the wall said ' personnel ' , with an arrow pointing down to the end of the hallway , and daisy followed it .
she asked daisy , fixing a false smile that did nt reach her eyes .
the woman said loudly , seemingly wanting to embarrass daisy .
but i ' m a fast learner , daisy pleaded .
it 's miss daisy west , barnham house , st paul 's dean , haslemere , surrey .
the woman scribbled the address down carelessly and daisy got the feeling it would be put in the bin the moment she walked out of the room .
realising she 'd outstayed her welcome , daisy turned and left , feeling very foolish to think a shop like this would ever be interested in employing someone like her .
as she came closer , daisy was sure there was something familiar about her .
she was about four years older than daisy , and once , when daisy was about seven , shed fallen down the stairs and winifred had found her and carried her to the infirmary and stayed with her all through the night .
she was about four years older than daisy , and once , when daisy was about seven , shed fallen down the stairs and winifred had found her and carried her to the infirmary and stayed with her all through the night .
enjoy the rest of your stay daisy .
i do nt want to talk about it daisy .
that 's not going to be happening daisy , he said .
just hold me daisy , please .
come to bed with me daisy , he whispered .
the words reverberated throughout daisy 's body , and for a moment all she could think about was saying yes to him .
even though they were going to overstep the line , daisy did n't hold back .
neither did daisy , but she trusted her body enough to guide her in the right direction , and as she allowed william to touch her , his confidence grew and instinct took over .
still he did n't reply and daisy lifted herself up , and looked over his shoulder .
it hurt daisy to see him like this , and she guessed it had nothing to do with her .
you must n't tell anyone daisy .
he lit one without even asking daisy if she wanted one and as he smoked , she could see his hand was shaking .
i ' ve never heard of such a thing , daisy uttered .
he turned and looked at daisy .
i love you daisy .
nothing can stop us being together daisy , and i mean that .
she was friendly to daisy but made it clear that she thought it strange , her very middle - class sister having a servant as a bridesmaid ; and because of this , daisy always felt she had to watch her ps and qs , and exaggerate her role at barnham house - just to appear more important .
she was friendly to daisy but made it clear that she thought it strange , her very middle - class sister having a servant as a bridesmaid ; and because of this , daisy always felt she had to watch her ps and qs , and exaggerate her role at barnham house - just to appear more important .
as daisy stood surrounded by all the beautiful lace and taffeta gowns , all it did was serve to remind her of her own predicament .
on daisy it fitted snugly against her hips .
she glanced at daisy and smiled and winked , then returned to what she was doing .
after enduring the fitting , the girls headed to the same tea room where daisy and priscilla had gone to that day back in august .
are you alright daisy ?
priscilla smiled at daisy and sipped her tea .
was all daisy said .
no , daisy blushed , instinct telling her what priscilla was driving at after all , shed been there once herself .
there s nothing to tell , daisy snapped , wishing maddie would come back into the shop .
whenever he came out , lady ashleigh would foot the bill and shed want to know what was wrong with daisy and what she was paying for .
she stood up and looked down at daisy as she put her coat on .
i hope you feel better soon daisy , she said .
she left the shop and daisy felt like running after her .
no , daisy cried .
oh daisy , priscilla sighed .
oh my poor daisy , she sighed .
but i want the full story daisy .
they travelled the short distance back to haslemere in relative silence ; and when they did speak , it was as though daisy 's pregnancy had never been mentioned .
had a nice day daisy ?
daisy and priscilla went into her room , and daisy flopped onto her bed , wondering how she was going to begin to explain herself .
priscilla seemed to have a sixth sense and daisy was sure she would see right through it .
these things wo nt go away daisy .
i thought you didnti warned you daisy .
i m sorry priscilla , daisy cried .
william can never marry you daisy , priscilla said firmly , putting her arm around her shoulder .
i m afraid you re nothing more than another part of that rebellion , daisy .
her words cut daisy to the quick , and she could nt equate her kind , sweet william with the cruel , selfish bounder priscilla was describing .
how he would cling to daisy and beg her never to leave him .
priscilla stood up and walked to the door , and when she looked back at daisy , the hurt and disappointment on her face was evident .
ill make sure you re alright daisy , i promise .
* * * daisy returned to work the next day , and to her horror had to spend the day with betty and jean , getting the rooms in the east wing ready for a visit from some american friends of the ashleighs .
knowing the two maids had talked about her , made daisy withdraw further into her shell .
have you heard about it daisy ?
jean was a spiteful girl and would use any ammunition she could to discredit daisy ; and the last thing she wanted was to get into trouble with lady ashleigh .
this started betty off about the weather , and thankfully for daisy , the conversation changed course .
even though the hot broth mrs collins had made was hardly appetising , daisy was so hungry , she polished off two bowls .
mrs rogers , could i have a word with daisy please ?
they walked to daisys room in silence , daisy only aware of the sound of her heart pounding in her chest .
she hoped that her friend knew of some sort of remedy - something daisy could take that would make the baby come out of her .
priscilla shut the door and sat upon the bed , grasping daisy 's hand and pulling her down next to her .
get william out of your head , daisy , priscilla snapped .
despite the terrible timing , and them not being married , daisy could n't help but get excited at the thought of becoming a mother .
it was the day the christmas decorations were put up , and daisy learnt that it was quite an event at barnham house .
mrs rogers told daisy that one year she turned the old part of the house into a grotto , and had employed one of the local men to dress up as santa claus .
martin and stubbs stood up on ladders , either side of the tree , affixing tinsel , whilst daisy knelt on the floor , sorting through the boxes of baubles , sifting out any ones that were broken .
it was usually stubbs job to answer it , but daisy glanced up at him and noticed the look of irritation and inconvenience on his face .
excited to have been given an important job like answering the door , daisy stood up , smartened her uniform ; and bending the best she could , brushed the dust off her knees .
that last word struck fear into daisy .
lady ashleigh turned and looked at daisy , the playful smile not leaving her beautiful , well - boned face .
yes daisy ?
thank you daisy , would you show him in ?
he went rushing upstairs without saying a word , then mrs rogers emerged , and with a grave face , came over to daisy and martin .
no daisy , master william is going to be in hospital for a few weeks .
but that seemed to have been forgotten now , and daisy was treated just the same as everyone else .
there was the sound of footsteps on the stairs , and daisy looked up to find priscilla coming down .
the same house priscilla was convinced daisy would be moving into as well ; but daisy clung onto the hope that william would come back to her soon and they could run away .
could i borrow daisy please mr stubbs ?
priscilla and daisy went into priscilla 's modest apartment , and priscilla instructed her to sit on the small chaise lounge close to the window .
she took the chair nearby and sat forward so she was close to daisy .
we ' ve talked about this before daisy , priscilla sighed .
oh daisy , priscilla sighed , sitting beside her and putting her arm around her shoulder .
i do n't want to give my baby up , daisy cried .
it was fortunate for daisy that it was priscilla 's day off and she was at home to help her friend through the birth .
evelyn , or evie , as daisy had taken to calling her , was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen , and daisy was convinced she was the spitting image of william .
priscilla returned to school the following day , leaving daisy alone with her baby .
after the birth , priscilla and charles had paid for a doctor from the village to come in and examine daisy and evelyn , and he declared both were fit and well and able to be left alone .
by the time evie was three days old , daisy felt her energy returning and she got dressed and went downstairs to the main part of the house for the first time since her daughters birth .
priscilla had donated her own moses basket to daisy , and as she lightly tidied up after priscilla and charles , she carried evie about in it in the crook of one arm .
the little attic room in which she slept was more than adequate for her and evie , and none of the neighbours gossiped because priscilla had told them that daisy was her widowed cousin and they bought it .
he took off the trilby , and daisy gasped to see that all his beautiful golden locks had been shorn off and now all that remained was a layer of fuzz not much thicker than the downy hair on evie 's head .
do n't cry daisy , he said , reaching out and pulling her to him .
evie was still asleep in her moses basket , and it filled daisy 's heart with joy to see father and daughter finally together .
as if exhausted , william flopped down onto one of the chairs and daisy could n't help but worry about him .
he came back to haunt me daisy , he said with a hapless smile .
he d changed , and his new manner was scaring daisy .
ill be no good to you like this daisy , he said .
its not possible daisy , he smiled sadly .
i will come back for you daisy , he said softly .
william got out of his seat and walked round to the other side of the table , sitting beside daisy and wrapping his arm around her shoulder , pulling her to him .
he let daisy go and stood up , sticking his hands in his pockets and hunching his shoulders .
do nt cry my lovely daisy .
you did n't have to cook for us daisy .
priscillas happiness seemed to be the opposite of the despair daisy felt .
a friend for evie , daisy smiled .
priscilla 's face grew grave but her grasp on daisy 's hand grew tighter .
you have no choice daisy .
evie was as much a part of daisy as her arms and legs , and she would n't want to lose any of them - and she did n't see why she should have to lose her daughter either .
they offered for daisy to join them , but she refused .
priscilla had made up her mind that they were going to guildford town hall on the wednesday of the following week , as it was her day off and she insisted on going with daisy , because she knew her friend would probably chicken out if it was left to her alone .
she had that usual miserable look on her face and daisy wondered what on earth she was doing here .
susan kept peering over daisy 's shoulder , into the house , not moving and indicating that she wanted to come in .
it was a family heirloom on charles ' side , and so precious that daisy did n't even dare clean it .
she turned around and looked at daisy , smiling brightly .
we used to be good chums daisy .
she passed daisy the envelope and sat down at the table , fingering evie 's nappies .
susan had taken more chances than daisy in her time , and yet she 'd never got caught out .
susan left , and daisy slumped down at the table , feeling herself shaking .
it made daisy even more determined to run away .
so much had happened since then , that daisy had put it to the back of her mind .
from out of her pocket daisy took the letter from winifred and passed it to priscilla .
that 's wonderful daisy !
okay , daisy smiled .
it was such a happy picture of domesticity and daisy envied their baby being born into such a family .
that would be nice , thank you , daisy replied .
she poured them each a glass and sat down at the head of the table , so she could see both charles and daisy equally .
you could say your name was daisy wallis , and your husband walter died tragically in an accident a month after your wedding .
but do n't build your hopes up daisy , priscilla said .
she was in very capable hands - it was half term , and so priscilla could remain at home looking after her ; but that did n't stop daisy worrying that something would happen to her baby , and priscilla would nt be able to contact her .
charles kindly took the day off to drive her all the way up to london , and even though it was such a long journey , he did nt seem to mind that daisy found it difficult to talk .
she had visions of forgetting what they d practiced , and end up calling herself daisy west - undoing all winifred 's kindness in agreeing to call her daisy wallis .
she had visions of forgetting what they d practiced , and end up calling herself daisy west - undoing all winifred 's kindness in agreeing to call her daisy wallis .
now he had become daisy 's fictional husband and she tried her hardest to conjure up a story about him , should anyone ask during her interview .
winifred might have put a word in for her , but nothing changed the fact that daisy had no experience of working in a shop .
it read ' personnel ' , and with a shaking hand , daisy knocked upon it , and she immediately recognised winifred 's voice , telling her to come in .
hello mrs wallis , winifred smiled brightly , just like she 'd told daisy she would .
mrs wingrave would n't have even noticed the glance that passed between daisy and winifred ; but the two girls had carefully rehearsed exactly what daisy was going to say .
mrs wingrave would n't have even noticed the glance that passed between daisy and winifred ; but the two girls had carefully rehearsed exactly what daisy was going to say .
now you ' ve not worked in a shop before have you daisy ?
winifred said , leading the questions in a direction that would work in daisy 's favour .
from her bag she took the reference priscilla had written her , and while she had not put anything libellous , she highlighted the work daisy did with her at barnham house ; and how she 'd worked as a housekeeper for her for the past three months .
gasped daisy , trying to play down her excitement .
does that sound acceptable daisy ?
the three women shook hands and daisy got up to leave , trying hard not to skip with excitement .
winifred was coming down the stairs , looking just as happy as daisy felt .
the two girls stood in the hallway below the stairs and winifred passed daisy a piece of paper .
charles was delighted for daisy when she told him she 'd got the job .
charles 's acquaintance horace billington owned most of the houses down this street and rented them out as flats , and one of them - number seven a , had recently become vacant , and that was the one daisy was going to view today .
i want to forget about daisy west .
after visiting the flat , they 'd gone to warwick way and dropped in on mrs ray , the childminder whose details winifred had given to daisy .
her house was clean and her rates reasonable , and she took pity on the ' poor young widow ' ; and told daisy she would be pleased to look after evie .
she got home to find priscilla in the kitchen , trying to feed evie with the milk daisy had expressed earlier on that day .
once evie was asleep , daisy went downstairs to have supper with charles and priscilla .
i ' m so glad everything has worked out for you daisy , priscilla said as she sat down with them .
chapter twelve late june 1925 it was a beautiful summers day , and daisy could not have been happier .
the congregation was small , just daisy , priscilla and charles and winifred and her husband ronnie .
it had arrived when both priscilla and charles had been at work , and shed been glad , because they would have immediately grown suspicious of daisy receiving a blue envelope with an unusual american stamp .
my darling daisy i hope this letter reaches you safely , and is n't intercepted by priscilla .
i do n't know when i 'll be able to come home dear daisy , but please write to me often .
please write to me daisy .
it made her feel ashamed when she thought of the high hopes daisy had had for her darling evie .
then of course when daisy died , evie found out why shed considered her daughter to be a cut above the rest of the urchins down morrison street .
it was only a cheap set , brought from a second - hand shop in lupus street ; but the name on the bottom was spode , and daisy always reckoned that it was a posh make and one day it would be worth money .
aunt priscilla always reckoned she got her love of excitement from daisy .
servant girls mostly kept their hair long and tucked under their caps , but daisy did nt care .
evie often wanted to ask him about william - just to find out more about what happened to her father in the years after he left daisy .
she thought of her mum and wondered what daisy would think of her daughter going out on a date with the heir to the ashleigh estate .
it was highly unlikely he would consider taking her for his wife , but she could give it her best shot and achieve all that daisy never could .
even though daisy was a supervisor in denby 's , money was sometimes tight , and a treat would be to go to petticoat lane to pick up some fabric , which she would take back to old mrs davies at number sixteen who d make evie the most beautiful dress from it .
apparently all the other maids were jealous of daisy because she was so pretty .
did daisy really want her little girl to grow up to become a nightclub hostess , living in a shared flat with a stripper who had a penchant for bad men and back - street abortions ?
if daisy could have chosen someone for her daughter , it would have been someone like peter .
evie felt as though she 'd let daisy 's memory down so many times and she hoped one day her mother would be able to look down at her and be proud that she 'd finally ensconced herself as lady ashleigh and that she was paying her back for the faith shed always had in her .
it was vital she was on her best behaviour at all times , and did nt get drunk ; did nt break anything , did nt ask too many questions about her father , and refrained from going on about daisy too much .
she so longed to hear about what daisy was like as a young girl , and maybe she could discreetly find out if she knew anything about daisy 's friendship with william .
surely he was n't keeping himself true to daisy when he had n't seen her for so long ?
apparently all the other maids were jealous because daisy got a page to herself .
i went to see daisy the week after you were born and she told me you were going to be adopted .
when he was giving me this fairy tale about how his girlfriend 's mother was a maid here called daisy , and she left when she was widowed to go off and have her baby , i wondered what the hell he was talking about .
like everyone else , he thought her father was called walter wallis and that daisy had been widowed before evies birth .
evie went to say something to mrs roman - she was sick of her sniping and being rude about daisy .
she hoped if daisy was looking down , she was proud of her .
yes , legend has it she had this terrible nanny who used to neglect her , and one day daisy was passing by and nanny was either asleep , or just not doing her duties properly , and imelda was drowning and daisy rescued her .
yes , legend has it she had this terrible nanny who used to neglect her , and one day daisy was passing by and nanny was either asleep , or just not doing her duties properly , and imelda was drowning and daisy rescued her .
you would have known her as daisy west .
i remember daisy .
to tell her true age would mean lady ashleigh would be able to do her sums and quickly work out that daisy had never been married whilst she was in her employment .
rebecca was telling me that your mother was daisy the maid , estella said snootily .
evie was beginning to think daisy had been better off doing what she did and going to london getting away from the lot of them .
i know daisy always wanted better for you .
unless she 's making it more romantic for my sake ; it seems he wanted to build a future with daisy .
perhaps he had a wife by then and could n't contact daisy .
apart from imelda and her obvious suffering , the gathering reminded evie of the time daisy saved enough money to take her to butlins in skegness for her thirteenth birthday .
she did nt like to go any more often she preferred to remember daisy as she was .
william might have been free to be with daisy .
but when peter said your surname was wallis , i just presumed daisy married someone else soon after leaving here .
he 'd got run over when evie was ten and she was so upset daisy thought it best not to get her another one .
my lovely daisy .
i wrote to daisy , you know .
hello , patrick , daisy echoed .
an utterance of hope , fear , dread and anticipation ; a daisy chain .
she tidies the bed and he puts on some music , a long , endlessly looping play of mozart and beethoven and bach on a daisy chain with claptons layla , moody blues the far side of the moon , and some dark , sweltering fantasies of santana .
' great ... by the way , my dog daisy should be arriving in a few days .
' i know daisy is the same .
' it 's all set up for you and daisy .
this little one is daisy . '
george quipped , ' i would n't let jessie know you ' ve got a pig called daisy . '
if it was n't for daisy , she would have left the hotel already .
the merton hotel would not accept any dogs and there was no way she would put daisy in strange kennels .
to her delight , daisy stood tail wagging on the top of the flight of steps with james the dog handler .
holding her arms wide she watched daisy weave her chunky body down the steps .
' daisy , daisy , dear little girl . '
' daisy , daisy , dear little girl . '
james looked down at her seeing distress in her eyes , thinking maybe she 'd missed daisy .
jessie nodded her arms full of daisy , with james 's arm around her shoulders .
as she got daisy safely into the car , with the dog guard up , daisy immediately started barking at every person and car that came near .
as she got daisy safely into the car , with the dog guard up , daisy immediately started barking at every person and car that came near .
it was the only time daisy did bark .
jess grinned knowing daisy would love to run with them .
arriving at the sweeping lawns and the lake , daisy yelped as a heron gracefully lifted a long leg picking its way through lily pads .
as he stepped through the door , inside , daisy hit him full force in the chest , her tongue lolling out of smiling black lips , eyes laughing .
he could see the bond between them as she scolded whilst daisy plonked huge front paws on the floor refusing to move .
putting her arms around daisy 's chest under her front legs , she tried to drag her , but the dog did n't move an inch .
' no - no , i love cats and this one is really friendly and is so good with daisy .
animals seemed a safe subject , although he did wonder why on earth , she 'd paid all that money to bring daisy over .
as he sat down on the settee , daisy leapt on the seat beside him , panting happily in his face .
she went back to her seat , watching daisy lick his hand , laying her head back on his lap gazing mournfully up at him .
seeing he was awake , daisy thumped him on the chest with her paw .
ruffling the fur of daisy 's head , he rose , stretching his limbs .
he swung his feet to the floor , only for daisy to lunge for his toes licking them furiously .
as the spray washed the soap suds away , he decided he would take victor with them today as well as daisy .
she watched the dogs gambolling down to the water 's edge , daisy splashing in dipping her head right under the water whilst victor stood at the edge .
look at daisy , she 's got her head underwater .
look at daisy ; she 's like a shambling polar bear . '
they laughed as daisy raised her head from the water shaking the water over victor , who decided she was rather lush and proceeded to nip her ears - doggy courtship .
as if sensing her mood , daisy looked up from the basket and rising padded over to her , her eyes sharpening , ears lifting , tail wagging .
time for a treat , a teeth - cleaning bone that daisy loved along with her glucosamine stick and meat flavoured vitamins .
calling to daisy , she rushed from the room , taking the lift to the reception .
' quiet daisy .
with a half shriek , ending in a throaty whine , daisy sat on her haunches panting , her pink tongue lolling out .
as she managed to get some kind of rhythm , she heard daisy barking followed by a splash .
looking at daisy panting and waiting for her to move , she was glad of her company .
taking a deep breath , she moved forward through the shrubs and denser bushes , daisy padding protectively at her side .
she felt daisy 's wet fur soak through the leg of her jeans , the wet head brush against her hand , a hot tongue licking at her injured palm .
putting it safely in the bottom , she looked at daisy .
she knew daisy did n't really need her permission , as she was going to do it anyway .
she saw daisy turn her head and twist around ; heard her whimpering , her paws paddling rapidly back to jessie .
the monster was now pulling at the boat , reaching for her , as she tugged again on the oar , jessie could hear daisy barking .
again , jessie heard daisy howling , surely she would raise the alarm surely someone would come .
through the reeds , she saw another shape hovering - daisy - enraged , the black lipped smile gone to be replaced with a snarl , her head dipping , teeth ferociously sinking into the thick scaled skin of the creature 's shoulder .
releasing jessie momentarily , it turned its attention to daisy now paddling swiftly to the surface , luring the creature away from jessie .
' i saw her walking with daisy .
' no , nat get her and daisy to the shore . '
fighting to hold his breath , douglas would not let go , he had to give nat and daisy time to get jess to safety .
gasping , he looked around to see nat hauling jessie up to the bank along with daisy .
as he climbed onto the bank , he saw nathan holding daisy bleeding from a jagged wound in her shoulder .
nathan said , ` ` we heard daisy barking and then the screaming .
i managed to get daisy and you to the shore . '
lapping up the attention daisy rolled into her favourite position on her back , her four feet in the air , the pink tongue lolling from the black lipped smile .
a wicked gleam in her eye warned dinah that if she stopped stroking the pink belly , daisy would lift a huge paw and proceed to punch her .
excusing herself , she crossed to the writing desk whereupon a delighted daisy jumped up ready to play with this new friend .
she was like a doting mother when it came to daisy .
sitting down in the chair , she called to daisy , busy fussing around by the door sniffing all the lovely scents left by the courier .
or , you could start taking daisy and victor out for some long walks . '
aware of the softness of daisy 's head nudging her legs , jessie looked at the faces around the table .
he knitted together yellow daisies he d picked for an - khi during his return from a visit with djedi and peseshet on his weekly day off .
he knew of a likely spot in a desert ravine where indeed the daisies had sprung .
upon his command , a procession of servants collected and carried from the greenhouse into his suite bunches of pink roses , yellow - centered daisies , red poppies and the blue lotus .
weeds grew thickly , almost choking the life from the rosebushes , while here and there , a daisy poked its head up towards the still - rising sun .
one of these was daisy gilliespies .
emily doubted daisy would have put much away for winter .
bartie was mouthing off at full steam and daisy caught snippets even before they got to the house .
they did nt have any flowers and daisy was nt holding any .
that s wonderful , daisy cried .
did daisy have to take in washing to make ends meet ?
it was his right as head of the family to expect that daisy and the children did what was right and proper ; defer to him .
and dear god , please remember daisy .
the bouquet of white roses and daisies on the fifth day had the usual ivy and ferns , but sprigs of myrtle and rosemary had been added , and after that , the flowers changed every day but they always came with ivy , ferns , myrtle , and rosemary .
he sent white roses and daisies on the day he added the myrtle and rosemary .
white roses and daisies are both for innocence .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
about the author siomonn pulla lives on vancouver island with his wife , melanie , their two sons and their bernese mountain dog daisy .
colors filled her eyes , pink and red roses , dark pink and white azalea , white daisies , their tops waving in the breeze .
pansys and primrose , daisy and cowslip , even some beautiful purple violets were just beginning to show their colors .
luke presumed the blonde shared her name with a sweet food or perky flower : candy , daisy , lilly .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the front of her yellow dress was adorned with what had once been white daisies .
i turn in a circle suddenly afraid i have missed a landmark but it is all the same endless field of green grass , white daisies , blue lupines , and butterflies .
nothing but green grass , white daisies , blue lupines and and something red .
she finds a pair of yellow open toed shoes with daisies painted on the sides and slips them over her bare feet .
a ring of delicate white daisies sprouted up around it while a small tree bent slightly to provide a bit of shade .
those first years were a daisy chain of cheap childcare dives and dry cereal .
her shoulders are slumping forward and she s shuffling through the garden , toppling over her marigolds and daisies .
today , she lives near hagerstown , md with her husband and two daughters , where she 's a daisy girl scout leader , horror writer , and editor for apex publications .
she then noticed the stunning arrangement of daisies , columbine , and tiger lilies sitting in the center of her grandmothers table , in her best crystal vase .
i ca nt get my balance , i m losing air , the third leg breakers as fresh as a daisy , va - voom !
this is not the daisy bb - gun you had as a kid .
white daisies .
i noted the enigmatic bouquet of white daisies still sat where it had been yesterday afternoon , though a little more wilted from the humid day .
those daisies on the porch .
i eyed the bouquet of white daisies in his hand .
she loved daisies .
and it clickedthe bouquet of daisies on the front porch the day we arrived .
well , now you are forgiven , she said , her nose buried in the lilacs and daisies .
you look as fresh as a daisy while i am still covered in dust , he said , grinning at her .
you ll be pushing up daisies just like old shake in no time at all .
it seemed like yesterday , the primroses and daisies , when he himself had been a hospital inmate .
now you just look outside to get the news and brother , if you thought it used to be bad , you better hope you re pushing up daisies now .
perfectly painted pictures of daisies and other flowers hang spirit - level straight above the fireplace where the buddhas sit .
she had woven a plait of flowers , daisies mostly , there was nt much else to be found on the mountain side , and placed the ring atop her own head in place of a wedding dress and veil .
there she was , splendid as a daisy working at her desk , breasts heaving inside her tight black dress .
she wore a yellow sundress with a pattern of small daisies on it .
car headlights cut through the dusk in long yellow daisy chains .
in the pantry he found a daisy canned ham , which he unzipped with the attached key and munched as he hit the road again .
it sounds like a daisy air - rifle .
he did not bend but raised one fist ( to peter it looked the size of a daisy canned ham ) and made cranking gestures .
the two of them sitting in the kitchen of their suburban home in wentworth , not far from columbus , sitting next to the bronze frigidaire with the magnetic stick - on daisies scat - tered across it , travel - folders on the counter in front of them , neither aware that the gambling had already started and the first loss would be their daughter .
i put the vase down on my desk and plucked the envelope out of the daisies .
beyond it , a pair of fading ruts grown over with grass and daisies headed south , curving back into the forest again .
when spring came around and stanley offered her a small diamond ring with a daisy pushed through it , she had accepted it .
` ` i got my daisy air rifle , '' ben said .
belch huggins swung a fist almost the size of a daisy ham at him .
bev spotted daisies growing on the riverbank and picked one .
beverly marsh had shown up around three o'clock , wearing faded jeans and toting a very old daisy air rifle that had lost most of its pop - when you pulled its tape - wrapped trigger , it uttered a wheeze that sounded to richie more like someone sitting on a very old whoopee cushion than a rifleshot .
he looked fresh as a daisy to keeton , however , except for his eyes - they were so bloodshot they looked as if red were actually their natural color .
even the african daisies are gone !
holding a swatch of slopey 's tee - shirt in a fist which was nearly the size of a daisy canned ham , he bent his sweating face down to slopey 's .
` ` lester- '' john lapointe began , and that was when a fist almost as large as a daisy canned ham - but much harder - collided with the center of his face .
the spider only shuddered and tried to crawl away , its legs scrabbling at the rubber shower - mat with its pattern of yellow daisies .
a daisy canned ham .
they 're not bringing in a verdict of death that may or may not be implemented in six months or six years , long after they ' ve forgotten it ; the guy they 're condemning in june is going to be pushing up daisies before the all - star break . ''
her last cow , daisy , had been sold in 1975 , but in 1987 the shed had still smelled of cow .
the sound of osmond 's whip was like the pop of the daisy air rifle he 'd had when he was eight .
the whip came down again , not the mild cough of a daisy air rifle this time but the loud clean report of a .22 , and jack had time to think i know where that 's going , and then a large fiery hand clawed into his back .
they killed daisy !
hal suddenly remembered daisy coming toward him not walking but lurching and how , quite suddenly , blood had burst from both of daisy 's eyes in a flood that soaked her ruff and pattered down on the floor of the barn , how she had collapsed on her forepaws ... and on the still , rainy spring air of that day he had heard the sound , not muffled but curiously clear , coming from the attic of the house fifty feet away : jang - jang - jang - jang !
hal suddenly remembered daisy coming toward him not walking but lurching and how , quite suddenly , blood had burst from both of daisy 's eyes in a flood that soaked her ruff and pattered down on the floor of the barn , how she had collapsed on her forepaws ... and on the still , rainy spring air of that day he had heard the sound , not muffled but curiously clear , coming from the attic of the house fifty feet away : jang - jang - jang - jang !
you must n't take on now old daisy would n't like that .
old , the vet had echoed , but he had looked troubled all the same , because dogs do n't die of explosive brain hemorrhages , even at twelve ( ` ` like as if someone had stuck a firecracker in her head , '' hal overheard the vet saying to uncle will as uncle will dug a hole in back of the barn not far from the place where he had buried daisy 's mother in 1950 ; ` ` i never seen the beat of it , will '' ) .
do n't worry , about daisy , the monkey whispered inside his head , its glassy hazel eyes fixed on hal shelburn 's wide blue ones .
do n't worry about daisy , she was old , hal , even the vet said so , and by the way , did you see the blood coming out of her eyes , hal .
the plastic daisy stuck in the band nodded back and forth in the breeze .
she directed her attention to the lanky blond who asked daisy to dance .
fresh as a daisy kitty litter , three ounce box .
before they left , louie went down to the stream edge and picked a small daisy for lulu .
penelope had been covered in a mass of daisies and roses .
penelope was covered in elfin daisies of all colours , yellow , pinks , reds , blues and violet .
the duck wore a coronet of louies favourite daisies that had been picked from the waters edge by their house on the stream .
of course around lulus head was the pink ribbon , behind which had been inserted some of louies favourite daisies ; again taken from the stream bank by their home .
the ten ants had climbed on top of an elfin daisy .
at the end of the path was a delightful little place shaded by wild elfin daisies , buttercups , dandelions and small ferns .
you see , we got here as ready as can be , cause you know me , i m down with o. p. p. , especially in the place to be , with me , the wil b. anyways , they call down here the dirty south and man can , they get down and dirty , these four blonde girls in daisy dukes , right ... < on the ring ramp > the stud with crowd control standing next to him lifts his microphone , i do nt know who whines more , you or your son bobby .
it was bound in pink leather with a daisy embroidered on the cover .
loman was running like he was in a field of daisies lit by a soft white - lit camera while sappy love songs played over slow motion lovers .
beyond the mesh was a field , daisies poking cautious heads , and past the field a factory whose chimneys gutted , whose silence deafened , to one side of it a string of brightly coloured trucks .
` ` are you doing the parsley wreath with carrot and radish roses and turnip daisies ? ''
the critique group would give her a d- for the carnations , but the supermarket was all out of everything else , except for daisies .
the fish exclaimed and breathed daisies at him .
the force of the daisy stream made him fall backwards .
the gentle heat eliminated all ill will the room had held , the corners becoming no more sinister than a pile of sleeping kittens resting on daisies .
a sugared daisy will help him think .
grass is green and daisies are white , let 's have lots of children tonight .
he pops a sugared daisy into his mouth , breathes the scent into yo - yo 's face as he kneels down .
she raised the most beautiful roses provo had ever seen , along with marigolds , petunias , daisies and carnations .
down the wide hallway we strolled , passing calderesque mobiles a - dangle with thin strips of recycled metal , misshapen busts of the starving poor sculpted from discarded fruit and a series of oil portraits depicting industrial landscapes under attack by hirsute children who appeared spawned of daisy plants and rabid beavers .
he would have been incapable of picking a daisy at the moment .
i felt like picking apart a daisy while reciting , he loves mei love himhe loves me .
leaves your car fresh as a daisy .
his pants were well tailored , including several pockets , gear loops and reinforced daisy chains stitched into each leg .
better than pushing up daisies , right ?
just got to wail daisy , oh daisy , a few times , have nt i ?
just got to wail daisy , oh daisy , a few times , have nt i ?
she blew them off her fingers like daisy pedals .
typical i am commandeering the car of miss daisy .
standing in front of us was a six foot two - inch , two hundred twenty pound , braless , double e woman , wearing a white tank top and daisy dukes .
five women jumped on a six - foot , two inch braless woman wearing a white tank top , and daisy dukes in the rain .
show me a kid pointing a daisy rifle at a tin can , and ill show you a kid imagining he s firing a thirty aught six into the hide of an attacking grizzly .
he sat beside kristin and embraced her until the sobs subsided and then got up and filled the kettle with water and switched it on ; popping a camomile teabag into a white mug with yellow daisies .
its an acronym for pushing up daisies , connor explained .
driving miss daisy here to his meeting , being introduced to suits , and then playing the part of spy watching sievers talk with that monroe guy .
37 - deranged ( perry mason , the lone ranger , daisy duke , the bionic woman ) ` ` kemosabe , me learn of trouble down in town .
and daisy duke for that . ''
list of elements for challenges 27 - 52 ( including grudge matches 1 - 4 and the autumn & winter solstice opens ) and weekend quickies 1 - 23 27 - millennium falcon , gi joe action figures , waffle iron , slim whitman 28 - goat powered washing machine , petri dish , fried green tomatos , menacing stranger 29 - nummo the alien , banana slippers , a cricket ball , an elementary school spelling bee 30 - pareidolia , jousting female knight , feather boa , bag of doorknobs 31 - live griffin , peanut butter and banana sandwich , ventriloquist , delorean 32 - centaur , megalomaniac , the oracle of all knowledge , abandoned outhouse autumn equinox open elimination round - balloon animals , lydia the tattooed lady , tontine centre court wimbledon autumn equinox open final - sadomasochistic machiavellinism , tatting shuttles , rickshaw , bagpipes 33 - leviathan , any george formby song , jar of bacon fat , necklace 34 - dressed herring , tuba , space station , phone booth grudge match 1 - murderous unicorn , the apollo lunar roving vehicle , a fantasy football draft must be a part of the main scene of the story , the story must be written from the pov of someone with a mental illness or developmental delay 35 - israel kamakawiwoole , twister ( the game ) , hot air balloon , fishnet stockings 36 - 12 sweaty sumo wrestlers , indestructible filing cabinet , wooden hanger , big wheel ( tricycle ) 37 - perry mason , the lone ranger , daisy duke , the bionic woman 38 - roman merchant sailing vessel , flour sack girdle , bunny , the wonder elephant , the royal shakespearian company 39 - can of campbells alphabet soup , the phrase live long and prosper , 2000 year old map of the earth , empty snuff box 40 - kahla , motherboard , told from the pov of a shark looking for a meal , must be written in ' terza rima ' 41 - the antikythera mechanism , voodoo witch doctor , kryptonite , houndstooth shoes 42 - supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , buried silver julep cup , there must be two main characters and one must be responsible for the death of the other , synchronous fireflies ( photinus carolinus ) 43 - voyager spacecraft ( satellite ) , female mma fighter , needle and thread , 10 long , 12 diameter pvc pipe 44 - child 's wagon , bug zapper , cranberries , faded dragon slayer manual 45 - judge , victim , liberal , conservative 46 - haboob , high diving horse , birmingham jail song , yves rossy , the jetman 47 - the golden fleece , a mudskipper , james bond mini spy kit , a rhinestone tiara 48 - mati hari , toilet roll hat , single roller skate , house plant 49 - muppet , escalator , stop sign , any 1970s book 50 - snow rollers , harpy , nail gun , motorcycle airbag 51 - no to be verbs , dying in a dream , ` ` punch and judy '' - it can either be a literal use of a punch and judy show , or an interpretation based on the common storyline of your typical punch and judy show , one of your characters must have a secret crush 52 - how you would quit your job , the scent of rain , kiwi bird , joan of arc ) weekend quickie 1 - image - burning wicker man , element - applesauce , emotion - abject despair weekend quickie 2 - image - victorian women fight over a pair of breeches , element - a can of alphabet soup , emotion - elation weekend quickie 3 - image - pink bird of paradise , element - snowglobe , emotion - hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia weekend quickie 4 - image - hurricane off the south coast of the usa , element - flora - bama ( bar ) , emotion - sugar - induced hysteria weekend quickie 5 - image - autumn , element - 1909 penny covered in mars dust , emotion - dj vu weekend quickie 6 - image - white lizard , element - a can of pumpkin , emotion - bravado weekend quickie 7 - image - batman & batgirl kissing , element - a cake walk , emotion - confusion weekend quickie 8 - image - snow - ridden road at night , element - a lost dog , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 9 - image - italian restaurant with family sitting outside , element - tangerine lifesaver , emotion - inspired creativity weekend quickie 10 - image - chocolate cake with ' 14 ' candles , element - a son or mother , emotion - extreme devotion weekend quickie 11 - image - large turkey float in parade , element - a lava lamp , emotion - thankfulness weekend quickie 12 - image - storm in the distance down a long road , element - musical notes , emotion - a longing inspired by beauty , that you thought you d overcome weekend quickie 13 - image - melissani cave on kefalonia , greece , element - cyclorama , emotion - enchantment 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 1 - image - man jumping across train carriages , element - partridge in a pear tree , emotion - infinite possibility 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 2 - image - woman blowing dust from her hands , element 1 - magic beans , element 2 - two turtle doves 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 3 - image - old bottle with sample tag , emotion - anticipation , element - three french hens 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 4 - image - old man and woman sitting at an upright piano , emotion - euphoria , element - four colly birds 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 5 - image - woman pushing a trolley / pram with twin boys and a christmas tree inside , emotion - an irresistible urge to disco , element - five gold rings 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 6 - image - giant hand picking up a car from a carpark , element 1 - six geese a laying , who will only lay to the sound of abba , element 2 - uncle boom - boom , your mothers sisters second husband 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 7 - image - caravans in a ' spend the night party ' , emotion - a numinous feeling , element - seven swans a swimming 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 8 - image - santas wearing beards in a santa school , emotion - psithurism , element - eight maids - a - milking 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 9 - image - lightning strikes on bay bridge , san francisco , emotion - exhiliration , element - eight ladies dancing 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 10 - image - night sky with stars and a church , emotion - wonder inspired by a miracle , element - ten lords a leaping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 11 - image - girl and boy kneeling in front of christmas fireplace , emotion - joy and anticipation , element - eleven pipers piping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 12 - image - people in church at the midnight mass , emotion - the peace that passeth all understanding , element - twelve drummers drumming ( no weekend quickie 14 and 15 - taken by christmas special ) weekend quickie 16 - image - typewriter , element 1 - ` ` some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships . ''
a year or so later , i upgraded from the zx-81 to a commodore 64 system , complete with 64 kilobytes of memory , tape storage recorder , monitor , dot matrix and daisy wheel printer and a 5 inch floppy disk drive .
` ` oh daisy , '' mother said , ` ` you are seeing things .
little daisy insisted that she could see a fairy , but her mother and father ignored her , so tiddley decided to talk to the little girl .
` ` hello , daisy , '' tiddley said .
i talk to daisies in the golden forest and now i talk to you and your name is daisy .
i talk to daisies in the golden forest and now i talk to you and your name is daisy .
and tiddley started to laugh , but daisy was sad and went back to talk to her mother and father .
the first person that tiddley saw was daisy and her family .
they were all laughing and tiddley showed herself to daisy and daisy giggled and snorted and laughed .
they were all laughing and tiddley showed herself to daisy and daisy giggled and snorted and laughed .
tiddley pulled out a large bottle and took the cork off so she could catch daisy 's laughter .
` ` me , in the office , with a letter opener '' weekend quickie 36 - second base ( image - ufo over a beach with girl and boy running , element - dandelion bracelet , emotion - incredulity ) we sat there in the grassy dunes , making daisy chains and dandelion bracelets as the sun beat down on our smiling faces and boney teenage legs .
she said , i was almost called daisy .
a marguerite is a kind of daisy , daphne said .
a sheer veil edged in tiny embroidered daisies framed black hair and an oval face with skin like warm sand .
` ` daisy stays outside all night . ''
` ` daisy catches birds and mice and only comes for dry kibbles a couple of times a day . ''
by the time we 'd been introduced to the goats and daisy , the multi - colored cat , and given our instructions , i realized i 'd seen his work at an artisan 's gallery in mora bay .
i painted them peach with white daisies on them .
they 'd daisy chained it .
energetic daisy - looking weeds that come straight up , unbowed and fast so you feel like you are miniature and speeded up .
i walk down the old street and i see these daisy things everywhere .
` ` in that case , you 'll be the first one pushing up daisies . ''
a fistful of snapdragons and daisies were growing in the center of our platoon .
while our mud pies bake in the midday sun ( i know , mad dogs and english men and us two , right ) well i soon have charlie collecting daisies so that i can make a chain for him to wear .
while i carry on as fast as my fingers will go before a full blown tantrum breaks out and it might not necessarily be kims son that has one , when i drop the line and a couple of the daisies fall to the ground , again .
at least until i get this damn daisy chain finished as i observe him approaching a lemon cowslip .
charlie is eagerly adorned with his daisy chain , necklace and seemed very pleased with my efforts .
hold on , that is exactly what it is and i wonder when that happened because i thought i was watching him all the time , apart from concentrating on the daisy chain that is .
the concrete pathway , connecting the driveway to the front door , was lined with cemented dirt , imprisoning shriveled daisies into the lifeless , sun - scorched ground of awful , ohio .
there was something of the daisy mae about her , but properly dressed of course , and unfortunately she had a short , business - like hair do .
i day - dreamed my teacher dressed like daisy mae .
and one day , during a drawing - coloring session , i found myself doing a full crayon rendition of a side - on daisy mae , sitting on the bank of some stream or pond and dipping her big toe seductively in the water .
i sure would love to lay a few daisies on his grave , say a proper good - bye .
in pairs or in a daisy chain .
the trail , bordered by small shrubs and grass where wild roses , daisies and dandelions grew abundantly , led to the left .
in this way they took notes and made sketches of about twenty - five specimen in an hourplants , insects , birds and amphibians , including a pied - billed grebe , two species of cattail , two different dragonflies , a little sulphur butterfly with black - tipped yellow wings , new england aster , a daisy - like flower purplish in color with a hairy stem and smooth , toothless leaves , a marsh wren and the like .
a veritable daisy maeexcept emilys a brunette .
upsy daisy .
another arrangement , the one she liked best , was a jar filled with black - eyed susans , peter pan zinnias , shasta daisies and spikes of blue salvia and statice .
he is crouched looking at the whorls of a broken conch shell when a woman with dyed red hair , an unusual amount of eye shadow for a morning beach walk , and bicycle pants stretched so tight that their daisy pattern has distorted to a paisley , shakes her walkman at him .
in addition , there were three new bedsone for herbs , both annual and perennial , one for cutting flowers like cosmos , daisies and zinnias , and one holding heirloom varieties of tomatoes and eggplant .
the colorful theme of the cottage reminded miles of daisies .
miles could almost smell the daisies .
the little boy had a white flower in his shirt pocket , turner thought it looked like a daisy , and he was holding one of the balloons that were floating everywhere .
yelled allan as he kicked angrily at a lone daisy that was protruding optimistically from the well - kept grass upon which he was standing .
allan hung up and angrily spit in the direction of the daisy .
and this time , he really could smell the daisies .
* * * three pages into my memoir and i can so clearly recall the colors of my childhood : maras denim - blue eyes , the tangerine daisy that held back her hair , a milkshake cherrycrimsonplucked from its stem and pinched between her smirking pink lips .
hair : strawberry - blonde , and i vaguely recall a daisy in the crook of her ear .
screen - print daisies rose from the hem and twirled her ankles as she sauntered up the stairs .
she pauses to pluck a yellow daisy from the ground and continues her trip .
on the carousels second rotation , the boy with the mara card flipped it upside down to display a hand - drawn daisy with petals that filled the page .
another daisy card , then the word , love .
another daisy .
kicked the bucket , bought the farm , soon to be pushing daisies .
julia you are nt supposed to outlive your kids , mom says as she arranges some daisies by my bedside .
are nt these daisies beautiful ?
the boys seemed crammed into the roles of men as they wore oversized business suits and ties , and the girlseven the ones tracy could tell would be more comfortable in daisy dukes and halter topswore shin - length dresses , neat bangs , and shirley temple curls .
it had different kinds of daisies , roses and other flowers in it .
he then sat on the ground facing amelia , being careful not to harm the daisies that were springing up right at the edge of the creek .
he stood in the hall with daisies in his left hand .
in a fake , professor - like tone of voice , he said , i believe the clinical term is daisy in a field of roses .
i wanted to be a daisy in a rose garden .
there were several vases of fresh cut lilies and daisies on small wooden tables that held the lamps .
she pointed weakly to a bouquet of daisies that lyle had sent .
especially when evelyn let herself visually age for her role as miss daisy in driving miss daisy at the la jolla playhouse .
especially when evelyn let herself visually age for her role as miss daisy in driving miss daisy at the la jolla playhouse .
but in june of 2076 , just prior to the close of driving miss daisy , we did convince her to go see the prototype of the new body we had created for her .
some of the titles that left our offices with my name printed in garish franklin gothic on the copyright page were : the battle of the bulge as witnessed by me and tom rasking by lt . col . gerald flip craig , senior citizens aare sexy , too by jenny vookles ( that jenny rankled , for a woman in her eighties80s ) , liposuction and you by dr . vance partridge , diddy - wah - diddy by resole mcrey ( surely a pseudonymi wonder what he was hiding ) , tambourines , pig - wwhistles and daisies in gun barrels : a nomocanon of poems by camel jeremy eros , huckleberry finn , racist by janet grimace , love gained , lost , and regained by anonymous ( hmm ) , southern jewism and the delta : a prototype by shlomo einstein , i fought the gulf war by mmy own damn self by larry renegade yates , and on and on .
the iron bedstead itself was cantilevered in the middle , so that the top half of daisy was elevated .
close to daisy , there was a rancid musty smell .
on the pretext that daisy needed more rest , graham ushered us out .
had nt she had to use my shoulder to cry on when aunt daisy died ?
phoebe had spent the entire time she was supposed to be chasing the ball counting daisies , and helen had spent almost every soccer game sneaking peeks at her blackberry .
if only shed taken the time to get down on her knees and help phoebe pick a daisy or carl intruded on her thoughts .
looking around the empty kitchen , yesterdays dishes still on the sink , the daisies maggie had picked from the back garden wilted pitifully in a vase , peter felt as bad as he remembered having ever felt before .
his left hand , cragged with dirt , fisted a bouquet of pink gerbera daisies , and a glistening track lined his dusty right cheek from his eye to his bushy red beard as he recounted for reporters how he had heard screeching tires and screaming voices in the intersection behind him , how he had turned toward the commotion only to see a bullet - shaped tube of lipstick and a crumpled white tissue roll and tumble past him , ushered along by cold , gray swaths of fog .
her long straight blonde hair was a garland adorned with tiny daisy clips .
the bathroom filled with daisy light .
as george sucked , tim reached under the couch and pulled out a daisy yellow can of floral air freshener .
but he read from ernest hemingway as if he were right there in the twenties , attending a bash with daisy on his arm .
not yet , vicki said to him from her hiding place in a vast field of daisies .
one brunette haired called dot and the other , a blonde called daisy .
maisy daisy , she said , holding out her arms for a hug .
we abandoned the cloaks on top of some smaller mushrooms and followed the path as it wound past clumps of enormous daisies and knee - high moss , and crumbled under the strain of cabbage - sized algae .
the occasional pond or fountain adorned our way , and monstrous buttercups and daisies lined the roadside .
after a furlong or so we finally quit tudors estate by a gate where a hare standing on guard with a musket was idly admiring the lambs frolicking amongst the daisies .
* * * bryan looked out over the field of flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
she slipped her hand away and the hills seemed to rise from the distant mist , across a thousand miles of wild flowers , goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
liz was nowhere to be seen , just the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
he could see the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
instead , i get driving miss daisy .
except for you , all my friends are either in nam or canada or getting stoned in a field of daisies somewhere .
morgan freeman , of the movie , driving miss daisy , was the emcee , and he welcomed everybody in his rich , melodious voice .
i think they called them daisy dukes .
i looked at past productions and found her name referenced in driving miss daisy .
on the main drag i spotted a place called the daisy diner and pulled into its back parking lot .
i caught a quick bite at a fast - food joint and then drove the rental to the daisy diner .
barb popped a small white chocolate shaped like a daisy into her mouth for her dessert , assuring one less goodie to worry about .
it was closed , with a photograph on top next to an arrangement of daisies and marigolds , two of her favorite flowers .
she had on daisy duke shorts that revealed a pair of gorgeous brown legs .
i feel like lolly gagging along and smelling the daisies .
well , she sure took to you like a ladybug to a daisy .
this book is dedicated to all the people out there like cady , doc , daisy , and carole , who are in the right place at the wrong time and the wrong place at the right time .
i glanced over at daisy , my part - time employee .
i plopped one on a plate , grabbed a couple of packets of butter , and reached for a clean coffee mug , just as daisy was about to pour coffee into the returned mug .
you re mean , daisy decided .
she did nt really have the energy to handle a wayward teenager , so i took it upon myself to mentor daisy .
that s why i did everything i could to help daisy have as normal a teenage life as possible .
the truth is i was doing for daisy what my aunt pinkie did for me .
i owed it to her memory to help daisy .
chapter two -- daisy had become my shadow at work several months earlier , when her mother contracted the flu during chemotherapy .
caroles weakened immune system failed her , and she hovered between life and death , frightening daisy .
that was the first time daisy stayed with me in my two - bedroom old saybrook condo .
over the next six months , carole had to be hospitalized a few more times , and each time , daisy brought her bags to my place .
i guessed something had changed over the last week for daisy and it was only a matter of time before she would spill the coffee beans .
let daisy tell it her own way .
i thought for a moment , not wanting daisy to see how much i wanted to throttle her father .
he could pick up that tab , or at least help daisy find scholarship money .
wow , you would have made a great drill sergeant , daisy decided .
and yet , i understood the hopes and dreams of a normal life for daisy , and i was determined to make sure she got it , even if it meant taking a big , fat chance with my van .
once i had turned the key and rattled the knob to be sure the back door of the shop was locked up tight , i tossed daisy the keys and we crossed the parking lot .
chapter three -- i m not dying , i assured daisy , even though i felt like i had gotten drop - kicked in an attempt to get me through the goalposts of heaven .
i m so sorry , daisy sobbed .
carole joined us just as daisy produced my keys from her pocket and opened the door .
walter and daisy accompanied me up the stairs to the second floor .
i m going to help him , daisy announced .
and daisy ca nt miss any classes .
carol sent daisy home to watch after dylan .
i m really sorry , too , daisy .
and it was all because daisy was on someones hit list .
there were plenty of witnesses , who all said daisy was not at fault .
i shrugged myself out of my coat , prepared to hit the line to make some more , when daisy came around the corner with a tray laden with a fresh supply .
i thought i could ask daisy to help me on that .
would nt it be nice for her to be someone other than daisy and dylans mom , just for a change ?
at quarter to five , daisy bagged the trash in the shop and hauled it out the back door , heading for the waste bin shared by the tenants in the strip mall .
the only problem was the temperature outside was chilly , too cold for daisy to hang around while chatting or texting , especially since she did nt bother to put on a coat .
he let go of daisy , who dropped to the ground , clutching her neck , and then took off , hotly pursued by a man who could , it seems , run very fast .
for the second time in three days , i went to the emergency room with daisy , only this time she was the patient .
i sort of took daisy under my wing the way aunt pinkie took care of me .
what made you think something was wrong , that daisy was in danger tonight ?
what if daisy is the target ?
i feel like i should watch out for daisy .
carole must still be in with daisy , the doctor , and the cops .
both times , they went after daisy after she left cadys cakes -- the first time when we were done for the day , the second when she dumped the trash .
on a normal day , it would just be daisy and me closing up the shop at six .
maybe this would level out the playing field and keep daisy safe .
well make sure no one gets to daisy or anyone else in the family .
the emergency room physician released daisy just before seven , with instructions to take it easy for the next few days .
carole was shaken , but doc managed to convince her that daisy would be safe , without giving her any of the details on how that would get done .
doc asked daisy .
coming on the heels of the divorce , it created instability for daisy at a time she needed stability most .
as carole took out her cell phone to add it to her contacts list , daisy pulled me aside .
i m keeping an eye on daisy and her family .
why would doug hire thugs to hurt his own daughter , daisy ?
it was nt like daisy was particularly sullen or uncooperative .
what if daisy was a target for another reason ?
in another few years , daisy would be off on her own .
as long as carole could show that she had a support team that would help her meet the needs of daisy and dylan , the children would remain with their mother .
he suggested that daisy be given a choice of where she wanted to live .
when the teenager arrived at the custody session , she told the mediator she wanted to stay with her mother , not only because carole needed the help , but also because daisy had no desire to change schools so close to her graduation .
i just could nt buy that doug planned to go back on his word to let daisy stay in old saybrook .
if daisy was the target , there was something about her that was making someone angry .
between the constant , dull ache of my shoulder and the nagging worry that daisy was in grave danger , i tossed and turned until three , when i got up , thinking i would watch something on tv downstairs .
the man who assaulted daisy .
he wo nt be bothering daisy or anyone else anymore .
it had nt occurred to me that they murdered the man who assaulted daisy .
i went back to the kitchen , knowing that daisy would find me soon enough .
i realized how different my experience was as a teenager compared with what daisy had gone through .
that s what drove you to the door last night , to check on daisy .
here was a man who just showed up one day , and before i knew it , he was baking my cakes and roasting my coffee beans and saving daisy from a man who wanted to do her harm .
my mom made dinner already , daisy sighed .
good night , daisy , i called after her .
i told her we delivered a message , that he was to stay away from daisy and her family or my buddies and i would hunt him down .
mimi hired a couple of guys to kill daisy .
his buddy got three thousand bucks upfront , and he was supposed to get ten thousand more when they delivered the proof daisy was dead .
she wants to take daisy out to dinner tomorrow night .
why does mimi want to take daisy out to dinner ?
neither did daisy .
its just that daisy said her father wants to change the custody .
what does daisy want to do ?
she told me she must insist on it , because what happens to daisy affects her life , too .
i still could nt understand how mimi , a mother of three , could even contemplate killing an innocent girl like daisy .
for some reason , mimi has it in her head that daisy stands in her way of achieving a goal .
i m thinking that mimis been spreading the wealth around to all her pet projects and there s not enough left in the pot to send daisy to college .
maybe she bought one on daisy , i suggested .
i d love for my daisy to learn how to do that .
first you , then daisy .
you re going to do what you have to do as a parent , to get daisy ready for college .
mimi wants me to come down to maryland after i get rid of daisy and off doug .
if all she s waited for is that job with the the state board of ed , shell be able to live a nice life , cady , with daisy and doug gone , especially if carole looks like she hired someone to kill her ex - husband .
put that aside and concentrate on saving daisy .
chapter thirteen -- at half past five , doc drove daisy home to get ready for her dinner with mimi .
do you believe it -- she did nt tell him she was coming to old saybrook to see daisy .
when i got done , he instructed me to find out where mimi and daisy were having dinner .
i m supposed to kill daisy tonight .
i wanted doc to bring daisy home in one piece .
took off with daisy .
i was hoping it was doc and daisy , but it did nt sound like it .
mimi had brought daisy home at gunpoint .
she was forcing daisy to duct tape caroles hands and feet .
do nt worry , daisy .
once carole was restrained , mimi wanted daisy to do the same thing to her little brother , and that meant going upstairs to retrieve the sleeping boy .
why force daisy to do her dirty work ?
i heard them go up the stairs , daisy wailing as she went , mimi screaming at her to be quiet .
i could even hear them moving around as daisy woke her little brother up .
still upstairs , the sounds of daisy sobbing cut through the night .
reassured that carole was still on the sofa and still restrained , mimi dragged dylan and daisy into the front hall at gunpoint , so she could close the door .
the last thing she expected was three cops pointing their weapons at the back of her head , especially when dylan and daisy , forewarned , dropped straight to the floor , leaving mimi without her hostages .
even the press showed up , wanting to interview carole and daisy , who declined .
doc made his way through the law enforcement gauntlet surrounding the family and gave daisy a big bear hug , telling her it was all going to be okay .
once doug was certain the babies were safe , he was in a hurry to get back to carole , daisy and dylan .
look , i know what mimi did was horrible , daisy .
i m still mad that dad left us , daisy admitted .
i knew it would take time for the horror of all that to fade enough for daisy to grasp its reality and process it .
what she did nt realize , daisy , is how much you matter to us .
but its not always that easy to fix a broken heart , daisy , or to learn to trust again after your lifes been turned upside down .
doc waited in the van while daisy and i made our way into the hotel .
trust me , said daisy .
cookies , i reminded daisy .
chapter fifteen -- daisy and i stepped outside , moving past the excited guests just as doc drove down the way about a hundred yards and pulled over to wait for us .
but for now , there was a little joy in the air and daisy drank it all in .
hey , doc , daisy leaned over his seat , kneeling on the floor of the van , you should get new glasses .
leave it to daisy to ferret out the real truth behind docs eyeglasses .
this time around , you and daisy needed me .
and what i learned about myself had benefited daisy .
one way or another , i was going to mix blood with him before i officially pushed up daisies .
he looked me up and down checking out my short daisy duke jean shorts .
moms theory that the hideous print of black and yellow daisies would be distract from my chest might ve worked if the top would ve stopped gapping open and the skirt did nt part to expose my thighs .
we only have dad and daisy left .
he told walter what he wanted , and i just said to find a gift that looked like daisy and buy it .
enjoy christmas eve with daisy and your dad .
i hope you like daisies .
she s wearing jean shorts with daisies on the pockets and a white girly tank top and she s barefoot .
one was a slender youth and the other a small boy who often took her dog , daisy , for walks .
with his muscular body , canute nudged daisy and her terrier - like ears perked up like radar .
gia held a biscuit by her side and daisy sprang up and snatched the dog biscuit before canute could amble over .
i need to take canute and daisy for a walk .
canute and daisy pushed through the gate as soon as she unlatched it and bounded toward her .
she watched canute chase after the water battered tree branch as daisy sat by her foot swishing the ground with her tail like a broom sweeping the sand .
on the carpet , daisy stretched on her back , watching canute from one eye terry devorans anger had shocked gia and his gestures toward pat exposed his animosity toward her .
sensing movement , daisy rolled to her side , and then bounded toward the bed , her tail wagging .
canute and daisy both cocked their heads to one side and each raised an ear .
she heard a yelp and daisy returned , her eyes doleful .
gia ran her hand through the wiry , sandy colored hair and patted daisy on the head , giving her another biscuit .
it protruded from daisys mouth until gia withdrew her hand , then daisy flopped down and munched .
are canute and daisy okay ?
before gia could grab him , he rushed off toward a flock of seagulls followed by daisy .
canute and daisy snored softly , ignoring the post man .
one at a time for a full massage , she laughed , and scratched daisy under the chin .
but one day tim left home and daisy wondered how her mom and dad could still love him .
jane ann had brought a small bouquet of daisies , black - eyed susans , and russian sage from home and stuck them in a ball jar .
i grabbed the whistle and put it in the daisy duke 's sebastian made me wear this morning .
she touched one of the daisies while paul went inside to bring the key to her room .
the daisies were blooming ; gold fish were swimming around in crystal clear water .
the aroma drifted up around me , of daisy and goldenrod and something crisp .
goldenrod , daisy , and i slid a hand into my pocket , pressing the call button for jason .
she was wearin a pale blue dress with white daisies embroidered around the neckline .
we would live in sutton for a year or two and get married at the camp , with daffodils and daisies .
bright red roses , vibrant daisies , and colorful plants mixed into the luscious garden as if it were a kaleidoscope of plant life .
the landscape consists of tall dark green oaks , light green maples , yellow pines , and red cedar trees , short stubby light and dark green shrubs , hundreds of colorful wild red roses , blue azaleas , orange camellias , yellow daisies , pink petunias , and other flowers .
kara soaked it in like a daisy .
she did nt exactly look as fresh as a daisy , but i did nt bother to tell her that fact .
mines a daisy eight - eighty , steve told him .
steves sister wore daisy duke shorts , a white , sleeveless blouse and black converse shoes , no socks .
for the last time that night , and for the last time ever , steve loaded a bb into the chamber of his daisy eight - eighty and began pumping it as we ran .
` ` iris , marigold , daisy , petunia , roseshe 's the oldestlily and daffodil .
she stood next to the hunter - green bushes , picking petals from a daisy .
behind him , she could still see the wreath of blue cigarette smoke from his gitanes enveloping the bouquet of daisies and carnations he d brought home .
the weight of the sun burned down on gretchen as she slowed her steps and fell behind daisy , soon coming to a complete stop .
his name is nacho , daisy called loudly without looking back .
high - five , daisy exclaimed .
she thanked daisy for the information and hurried back to the car .
after nina reclaimed her position in the drivers seat , gretchen related her meeting with daisy .
where is daisy ?
it was daisy , the homeless woman .
if daisy were conscious she would be pleased at the attention , the part she unwittingly played .
whatever distance gretchen had felt from daisy and her way of life was now shortened .
her possession of carolines car had established a connection , and gretchen vowed to do whatever she could to help daisy .
gretchens search led her in a circuitous path , and with each loop she found herself traveling closer to nacho and daisy .
ninas expression when she learned that daisy , not her cherished older sister , lay beyond the waiting room doors .
the first was to daisy and their future relationship .
gretchen studied daisy , and it struck her that the homeless woman would have viewed the car as more than a simple pleasure ride .
she wondered how much information daisy would willingly offer the authorities .
this means that someone was trying to kill daisy or someone was trying to kill my mother .
chapter 17 gretchen had many questions for nacho , but he became withdrawn and uncommunicative without daisy to prompt him along .
gretchen knew enough about the plight of the homeless to feel a deep empathy for nacho and daisy .
the rain pelted gretchens arms and face as they hurriedly stuffed the contents of daisys shopping cart into the trunk .
i m coming from a visit with daisy at the hospital , on my way to saks to see my mother .
why would someone run daisy off the road ?
the attack on daisy proves she s in danger .
is daisy being charged with anything ?
she was surprised that daisy had a drivers license .
martha mentioned him to daisy .
according to daisy , she was extremely upset over something he had done .
we gave a key to larry at the hospital when we thought daisy was caroline .
they drove toward scottsdale memorial hospital through typically heavy traffic on their way to visit daisy .
and his concern for daisy had seemed genuine .
how are we going to fit daisy into the car , gretchen said in exasperation .
it was your idea to take daisy home with you , she said .
we have plenty of room for daisy because you can ride in the back with the pooches .
chapter 24 daisy settled into the spare bedroom with her meager supply of toiletries , furnished by the hospital , and with the clothes on her back , several layers of mix - and - match items that were all mix , no match .
nacho would nt need his cardboard home any time soon , but she had nt told daisy about his incarceration yet .
and my clothes , daisy continued to complain .
enrico had nt barked or growled at daisy , not once , which gretchen took as a good sign .
even wobbles , usually reserved around strangers , stalked back and forth before daisy , rubbing up against her legs and purring .
gretchen remembered her first encounter with daisy on the streets of phoenix and daisys fascination with nimrod as he rode contentedly in his embroidered poodle purse on her shoulder .
she hustled them out the door , nina blustering and daisy discussing the requirements for her new wardrobe .
she really did nt want to be home when nina and daisy returned , craving time away from the large entourage that accompanied nina everywhere .
gretchen briefly wondered how nina and daisy were getting along .
she smiled to herself at the image of nina and daisy shopping together and wondered where nina had taken her newfound buddy .
just then , nina pulled up to the curb with daisy in the passenger seat wearing a purple sundress and a floppy red hat that covered her bandaged head .
nina looked over at daisy and scowled .
i decided to shop in mesa , the opposite direction of the rescue mission , so i could tell daisy that we did nt have time to pick up her shopping cart , that we were too far away .
they tiptoed in and searched the room without awakening daisy .
before they finished , gretchen moved close enough to satisfy herself that daisy was still breathing .
nina picked up the fashion doll and gently touched the white daisies on her straw hat .
why , nina asked , slowly , would he go to all the trouble of planting evidence against caroline , almost kill daisy , and then turn himself in ?
the dogs wandered in , spotted daisy , and bounded over , with wobbles following at a discreet distance .
nina asked daisy , scooping nimrod onto her lap .
who needs enemies , daisy added , and they finished in synchronization and high - fived each other .
it must have been quite a surprise to find out you almost killed daisy .
he paused and chuckled , though they were all called daisy .
abbie had pulled a sleeveless pale yellow maternity top sprinkled with daisies over a long - sleeved white t - shirt that hid a half - round foam piece .
anyway , seth and i put a bridle on daisy , our pony , and took off bareback .
we got off and led daisy through the woods , then we tied her to a tree and left her .
she had a little arrangement of daisies and baby 's breath in her hand .
daisy and dawn bickel were twin sisters who worked at junior management level , daisy at the local branch of a big chain of clothing stores and dawn at goodnight mattress manufacturing .
he points to a daisy , and then to a four leaf clover , ` ` and this one is for luck , because god knows you needed some . ''
my mother capitalized on daisy 's beauty in an instant .
right ... ` ` as you know , tomorrow is sunday , and daisy will be here for the luncheon .
probably dying to mention how this is a function that happens every sunday , regardless if daisy attends or not .
in most of them , daisy stands against a white backdrop without any makeup .
` ` you 're fifteen , daisy .
she sees daisy with her modeling career , you have loren , and i ' m busy with my daughter . ''
i jump as daisy emerges from her dressing room .
` ` oh , i like yours , '' daisy exclaims .
` ` daisy is coming over . ''
` ` daisy is coming over .
twenty minutes later , the guest room turns clean and presentable for daisy .
when i enter the kitchen , lo and daisy are already talking .
he grabs a thermos from the shelf and slides daisy a water bottle .
` ` if you two have kids , you so have to burn this one , '' daisy says with a laugh .
he sets it down on the counter and approaches daisy , taking the photo from her .
` ` you 're supposed to lick your finger , '' daisy protests like he 's a moron , ` ` not put your tongue in her ear . ''
i glance over at daisy who flips through a photo album in the living room .
then you 'll pass out and daisy will be long gone tomorrow . ''
my mother and daisy sit on the gray - stitched couch , both sporting pretty floral dresses .
i turn to daisy who seems to be looking everywhere but at me .
if that meant having daisy spend the night so you ca n't run off in the morning , then so be it .
rose and daisy have both earned official brutus badges for tricking me when rose announced my ` ` pregnancy '' scare secret , and my mother keeps shooting me sharp looks .
` ` poppy , daisy and i are going to the hot tub .
all that keeps me present are my sisters ' numerous games like ` ` never have i ever '' -in which i learned that rose and daisy are still virgins .
mostly , i listen to daisy talk about her week in paris and the cute models , which also does not help my cause .
like when daisy spent the night , but i was hoping you 'd finally open your eyes and realize that i was there .
well , maybe except daisy .
ask daisy . ''
i try to remember daisy .
first to protect me when some guy did n't understand the word no , and then to protect daisy at an out of control new year 's eve party .
` ` daisy is here , '' connor says .
` ` rose wants to put makeup on and use daisy 's flatiron .
i heard the story from lily , who also chaperoned daisy 's birthday .
i honestly do n't care if daisy stays or not .
` ` daisy blends in .
` ` daisy does n't blend , '' connor says .
i ' ve known daisy since she was a kid .
could be daisy .
when lily untangles from my arms and kneels down over a huge suitcase , i see daisy for the first time .
` ` hey lo , '' daisy greets with a warm smile .
most of them circulate around one thing : me , warning daisy to stay far away from every guy on the f**king planet .
it helps keep my mind off dragging daisy to the nearest airport .
` ` i have daisy on my side , '' lily reminds her .
i dig through the macy 's bag that daisy gave me , and i pause .
` ` uh ... daisy . ''
i look between rose and lily , waiting for one of them to be the mature older sister and set guidelines , rules , whatever and send daisy back home .
they obviously do n't understand what daisy looks like or realize her age and the fact that just outside our window are hundreds of horny f**king guys .
from the suitcase , daisy glances up at me .
she tosses a new shopping bag to me , and i hesitate , mostly because i see how much daisy wants me to be okay with her here .
before i search in the plastic bag , i keep my gaze trained on rose who has the most sway in whether or not daisy stays in cancun .
` ` i 'll turn it down , '' daisy answers .
` ` it does n't upset me , but you 're underage , daisy , even in mexico . ''
` ` i ' m not going to leave daisy alone in a foreign country .
i watch lily glance between me and daisy , and i see the worry so apparent on her face .
and if daisy can put a smile on lily 's face , then maybe the hassle will be worth it .
i ask daisy , a wicked thought crossing my mind .
on the elevator ride down , daisy asked me again if it was okay if she drank around me .
but i thought i 'd be a little more creative in my reply to daisy since she is sixteen and i ' m still trying to understand what 's appropriate for teenagers .
both daisy and rose wade in the pool with pina coladas in their hands .
for lunch , we all ate handmade pizza , but daisy picked at a salad instead .
ryke 's jaw locks , and i think he would try to convince daisy until she relented , but not with melissa yanking his arm .
` ` daisy probably bought it from the airport . ''
she swims over to his spot by the pool wall , and since he sits out of the water , he towers above her and hunches slightly to look down at daisy .
and he 's too focused on his phone to look up and watch daisy and ryke .
and i do want daisy to eat that taco .
it 's rough and forceful , something that daisy is not used to , i think .
he actually makes complete sense , and daisy contemplates his whole statement with high regard .
surprisingly , daisy accepts the food , taking the foil from his hands .
but how can he when daisy ate something healthy for once ?
` ` daisy is sleeping on the cot tonight , '' i remind her .
an awkward silence soaks the air , and daisy swims over to cut it right up .
when she struts off in her black bikini , daisy tilts her head , watching melissa 's butt bounce all the way to the tiki hut .
ryke says casually , eyeing daisy as she observes melissa .
if daisy is insecure about anything it 's the hair she can not cut or dye , per her agency 's rules .
` ` then have at her , daisy .
` ` i ' m glad i ' m not you , '' daisy tells him with a laugh .
and then he releases daisy so she can come up for air .
he splashes her back , and underneath the water , daisy must hook her ankle to his because he almost slips backward .
she scrutinizes ryke and daisy , the way ryke is basically hugging her in the water , but it 's really accidental .
i ca n't tell if this is a ploy to keep daisy sober , but i do n't see what she would have to gain from that .
melissa and daisy are barely a speck in the distance .
she 's closer and closer to us , but daisy does n't run beside her .
luckily , ryke slows once we reach them , his eyes dead - set on daisy , not the guys .
i join them as daisy holds up two chain necklaces with silver mayan coins on the ends .
they look harmless , and i have a suspicion that daisy approached them first .
the bigger set guy nods at this and holds out a plastic bag to daisy , filled with more pendants and stones .
` ` i ' m just trying not to get you in trouble , '' daisy tells him .
i cut in , ` ` daisy , let 's go . ''
lily does n't wear necklaces often , and the fact that i know this over daisy makes me feel kind of good .
i think lil would like anything that came from daisy .
` ` daisy , '' i warn .
he locks eyes with daisy again and steps forward to try to reach her .
i put my hand on his chest to stop him , and then i quickly turn to daisy .
i look back to daisy , and my nerves have n't settled yet .
i hate that i just bitched out daisy , who did n't really do anything wrong .
but when daisy inhales strongly , staring at the sand with tears brimming , trying to bottle her emotions , he turns his gaze on her .
i see daisy in my peripheral , standing off to the side , looking on but not wanting to interrupt .
` ` i 'll go back to the room with daisy , '' i say .
` ` you almost made daisy cry .
ryke motions to daisy , and she jogs over .
i do n't know if daisy thinks i ' m actually this upset just because of the bartering , or if she realizes i caught onto her flirting with ryke , both at fault , i believe .
between what daisy brought and now what rose purchased , i think we ' ve officially clothed seven people for the week .
i need to know if she knew about ryke and daisy 's ... jesus , i do n't even know what to call it .
` ` daisy , come help me fold , '' she insists .
and i cringe a little , not wanting daisy to be affected by her mother .
he 's moving me away from daisy so she ca n't hear .
` ` are we still talking about daisy ? ''
` ` daisy had cash in her bikini top , '' lo says .
` ` all i ' m saying is that ryke is smart enough not to make a move on her , but daisy probably does n't know any better . ''
showing up on vacation with a girl screams ` ` taken '' and should let daisy know not to act on her feelings , if she does have any that extend beyond a friendship .
our mother would be more than just furious if she learned that daisy even had a crush on ryke meadows .
and with our mother 's incredibly high standards , i can see her wanting something more for daisy .
` ` then ryke needs to stop ditching melissa for daisy , '' lo tells me .
` ` daisy is a high fashion model .
lily and i have succeeded in separating ryke and daisy for the majority of the trip , at least enough where they have n't had any opportunity to really talk .
i draw back at daisy 's threat to make us all do karaoke later tonight .
i ask daisy what her mother thinks of her being in cancun .
the one downside to separating daisy and ryke , she seems less inclined to take bites of food without pressure from him .
` ` well , you know ... '' daisy starts and trails off as if i did n't ask a question .
` ` daisy , '' i say .
we sit at a circular table , so it does n't take much strain for daisy to turn back to me .
she digs her nails into poppy 's daughter , rose 's fashion line and daisy 's modeling career but leaves lily alone .
his eyes land on daisy , who stares blankly at her rice , very interested in a pea that she unburies .
it 's the first time ryke has shown interest in melissa with daisy present .
` ` daisy , '' i say , urging her again to answer the question .
the waiter starts taking everyone 's orders , and when i place mine for the fish tacos , i just barely catch daisy 's words .
` ` i , for one , would love a sixteen - year - old 's perspective , '' melissa says , turning right back to daisy .
i ' m about to curse him out , but daisy cuts me off .
whatever he said to daisy involved sex , and my mind is already reeling .
` ` no , i 'd like to hear , '' i say , motioning for daisy to continue .
he has a finger to his cheek in contemplation , but his gaze is directed on ryke , not daisy .
` ` honestly , his advice worked , '' daisy continues , trying to dig him out of a hole , but he 's buried too deep .
ryke winces and gestures to daisy .
ryke and daisy are both in the wrong .
she 's not that fond of lily either , but i ' m pretty sure it 's daisy that she despises .
i sit in my chair , replaying ryke 's advice to daisy .
you could n't even tell me ten facts about daisy if you tried . ''
for lily ... and a little bit for daisy too . ''
she 'll just leave ... '' ryke stares at daisy for a long moment , his features hardening .
i think he does want melissa gone , but that will give daisy the wrong impression - that he 's saying goodbye to melissa for the youngest calloway girl .
he only has one choice , and the fact that he 's considering leading daisy on makes me want to go back into the bathroom and strangle him .
we climb into the cab , lily and i on the middle seat , and daisy squeezing beside her sister .
leading daisy on - that 's not okay .
i turn my back to him just as daisy leans over to slide the door closed .
i ' ve let daisy smoke on numerous occasions .
but i ' m under the impression that daisy only smokes recreationally .
i just ca n't bear for daisy to go through what i am .
i am thinking sexual things - like daisy whispered to him that she will return the favor of sitting on his shoulders .
just as lo sets me on my feet , i crane my neck and spot daisy fingering the clasp on her back .
rose is about to swallow her anxiety and push through all of these bodies to reach daisy and wring her neck .
and i think he 's trying really , really hard not to call daisy a tease , just to piss her off and start something .
i take daisy 's hand , wanting air too but mostly wanting daisy out of their judgmental gazes for a second .
i take daisy 's hand , wanting air too but mostly wanting daisy out of their judgmental gazes for a second .
` ` daisy , '' ryke says with so much emotion to the name that shivers run down my arm .
we rest our elbows on the counter , and i buy a water bottle while rose and daisy wait for the bartender to blend their margaritas .
` ` daisy , '' she says .
she nods , but i stare at daisy for a long time , not as trusting .
and keeping our mother happy makes daisy happy .
she gives me a sharp look , but nothing nearly as upset as daisy right now .
the accusation hurts when i remember daisy is four years younger than me - five years in august when i turn twenty - one .
i have a chance to be a sister to daisy , and i ' m trying my damned hardest .
rose cups a hand to the receiver and tugs me away from the bar , separating from daisy a little , but she joins us , curious .
rose carries two glasses of some pink concoction , handing one to daisy .
i guess i ' m kind of protective of lily , daisy , and even rose .
` ` poppy is married , i ' m dating lily , you 're dating rose , and daisy is sixteen . ''
` ` daisy meadows , '' i say , inwardly cringing at the idea .
i ' m about to rise and descend to the dance floor , but daisy shoves his arm hard and points a finger in his face - a rose move that i would n't think possible from the youngest calloway .
he forgets about daisy , and she leaves him to return to her sisters easily .
lily hugs daisy in thanks and whispers something in her ear .
one of the servers stands in front of rose and daisy .
the server pours the liquid into her mouth , and daisy spills not a drop .
she goes next , without much prodding from daisy .
because daisy is the other girl downing the liquor - and she does n't have a boyfriend here to look out for her .
i look back down to the girls , where daisy is taking another shot of absinthe .
and this one time , i do wish melissa was n't here to distract ryke from daisy .
he did n't even go looking for daisy as soon as he came down from the balcony .
` ` you said you were going to get daisy . ''
and before we can go search for daisy , melissa chimes in , her expression sour .
i run back outside at the same time that ryke exits the bathroom - without daisy on his arm .
` ` daisy , '' he says slowly .
ryke rests a hand on daisy 's spine .
we navigate our way out of the club , and i constantly glance back at daisy to make sure she 's okay and not ill . she buries her face in ryke 's chest , and when we pass the threshold of the club , safe on the sidewalk and out of the hazy atmosphere , we can talk more freely .
` ` daisy , '' lo says .
alcohol is not the answer to fix his pain of not finding daisy sooner , but i ' m sure he 's fighting the temptation .
ryke plays poker with daisy .
and after last night , lo and i have no say in separating ryke and daisy without turning into hypocritical monsters .
he accidentally flashes his cards at daisy .
` ` how about ... '' daisy folds the cash and stuffs it in her wallet .
i remain hidden , not vacating the safety of lo 's shirt and avoiding the look of hurt and betrayal on daisy 's face that i am sure exists tenfold .
his eyes soften and he turns to daisy .
ryke 's concerned gaze flits between daisy and his cards .
he has to lean over a glowering melissa to reach daisy .
she said the one word that daisy could n't .
and as i look between the three calloway girls - rose in a frazzled state , daisy drifting far away , and lil with a sad , soft voice - i get it .
their parents are as bloodthirsty for information as the media , and we all know they 'd sink their claws into daisy if they had her .
i realize daisy is still in the dark - about a lot of things .
` ` do you have any questions , daisy ? ''
i can withstand him being friendly to daisy in tiny microscopic doses , but when he starts talking about girls on floors and fixing shit , it makes me nervous .
i do n't have a yes or no answer for daisy , so i have to go into explaining what we did .
` ` that 's messed up , '' daisy tells me .
if anyone can fill in the blanks and help me answer daisy 's question , it 's rose .
` ` i did n't know that either , '' daisy admits .
and for the majority of daisy 's tweens , i remember how she always looked exhausted , eyes heavy - lidded and yawning more than talking .
a single sign that her mother cared about her the same way that she did poppy , rose , and daisy .
her mother concentrated on daisy , on rose , who could be more successful in other facets .
but there should have been a happy medium between what lily had and what daisy is now enduring .
` ` your mother outwardly loved you , daisy , and you , rose , '' i say looking to each of the girls .
i look to daisy .
rose and daisy have been staying at connor 's since the cameras are sparse around his neighborhood .
they even snapped a blurry photo of daisy exiting connor 's apartment and captioned the pic : younger sister of lily calloway : future sex addict ?
` ` besides the fact that i ' ve officially screwed up my sisters ' lives ... '' ` ` rose and daisy can handle it , '' lo reminds me .
` ` speaking of calloway girls , '' connor says , ` ` i read that daisy is doing a spread in vogue .
but it 's not my place to stick up for daisy .
so who 's protecting daisy ?
` ` you and me both , '' i say , ` ` and since when are you talking to daisy ? ''
i should be the one talking to daisy and being a friend to her , yet i ' m swamped in my own bullshit .
it was a generous offer that poppy and daisy accepted .
when they walk into the living room , daisy is smiling from ear to ear .
about a week ago , he told her he would keep the black ducati in return for teaching her how to ride safely , which must be a hard job with daisy as a pupil .
ryke and daisy go quiet by the staircase , realizing they walked in on a ... situation .
she stands near daisy and ryke , who must have left the front door open .
rose glances at ryke and daisy for verification .
` ` we can all help , '' daisy exclaims with a smile .
and i suspect if he was here , he would have prodded daisy until she at least tasted a chunk .
my youngest sister , daisy , sips beer from a solo cup , scouting her model friends .
when daisy called and invited me to a ` ` house party , '' i imagined a few people mixing strong drinks and huddled around a television to watch music performances .
i should have told daisy no .
still , i did n't tell daisy no .
that means spending quality time with daisy .
` ` i ' m so glad we 're here together , '' daisy exclaims for the third time .
i ' ve noticed that daisy curses more when she 's irritated .
daisy needs to be daisy for a change , and i ' m actually excited to see her away from my mother 's neurotic , maternal claws .
coming here , spending time with daisy , it is progress .
i ' m just getting used to this new impulsive daisy .
when we moved into our new house , we invited daisy to help decorate .
rose said when our mother is n't around , daisy tends to go crazy .
when rose saw that daisy survived the jump without a bruise , she simply called her stupid and then let the issue drop .
` ` let 's play a game , '' daisy suggests with a giddy smile .
the last we talked about this , we played a game on our family 's yacht , and both daisy and rose said their v cards were still intact .
i am learning so much about daisy in one night .
` ` daisy ... '' i ' m going to kill her .
` ` daisy begged me to come to this house party .
you have not been inflicted by daisy 's doe eyes , so you ca n't judge .
find daisy and stay with her until i get there . ''
i shuffle into the apartment and spot daisy by the silver refrigerator with a dizzying array of letter magnets attached .
as far as i remember , ryke has met daisy once at my family house in villanova , a ritzy suburb outside of philly , and it was more of a wave from afar than a true greeting .
` ` i could n't find daisy .
i do n't spot daisy in the dance mob .
i walk towards the punch bowl where i last saw daisy and feel him trailing me again .
` ` stay out of it , daisy ! ''
ryke edges forward into the ` ` fighting area '' and places a hand on daisy 's shoulder .
his lips find her ear , and i hear him say , ` ` this is n't your f**king fight , daisy .
then his eyes drop back to daisy .
` ` my friend 's sister , daisy , has been drugged .
he tries to look over ryke 's shoulder to see daisy , but ryke smacks the side of his face .
` ` get in the passenger seat , and i 'll put daisy on your lap , '' he tells me .
i wonder , pulling daisy 's sweaty hair out of her face .
my eyes widen , and i instinctively glance down at daisy who is in another dimension .
before i find the courage to reply back , daisy groans and her lids flutter .
you ' ve been drugged , daisy .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' daisy whispers to me .
even a week later , i cringe at how daisy lied to the nurse .
she asked for her name , and daisy spurted out , ` ` lily calloway . ''
so i handed the white - scrubbed nurse my i.d . , which could pass for daisy because my sixteen - year - old picture is nearly obscured .
{ 3 } i slide into the limo where poppy , rose and daisy sit on the leather seats , my two older sisters filling glasses of champagne .
i expected daisy to rampage and hate me afterwards for sharing the details of the night , but she acted mature about it .
i do n't think daisy realizes how much rose is trying to avoid being like our mother .
like you and poppy and daisy ... '' her eyes trail up to the torso that stands in the center of the car .
i ' m going stir - crazy waiting for our dates , but at least rose and daisy sit next to me , not allowing any room for a guy to settle near me .
aaron snorts and says to daisy , ` ` do i look like i give a shit ? ''
` ` first place , pure bred , '' daisy agrees , raising her soda before throwing her head back , taking a very large swig .
i glance at daisy who teeters back on two legs of her chair again .
ryke has his plate in his hand , and he leans back in his chair like daisy .
ryke has a good view of daisy and vice versa .
ryke , on the other hand ... ` ` daisy , '' he coos , waving his spoon around the air to try to get her to look at him .
i ca n't concentrate on daisy anymore , not when rose springs from her chair , following my mother who suddenly stands and motions to her with an icy finger .
the last time she willfully entered my room was probably two years ago when our housekeeper accidentally shelved one of daisy 's debutant dresses in my closet .
` ` daisy nearly died when she saw them , and i think my mom was really pleased . ''
he even went as far to personally ask daisy if he could join her party because i would need some help .
i ' ve met most of the girls before since the majority have grown up with daisy since preschool , but i ca n't recall half their names .
she hands daisy a menu with tons of items and a line at the bottom says : if it 's not on the menu , ask us and we may be able to make it .
` ` i ca n't have chocolate ... so ... '' daisy hums to herself as she slides her finger down the menu .
it 's daisy 's birthday .
if daisy became a size 0 , she 'd fade away and need to be hospitalized .
` ` she 's always been skinny , '' daisy answers for me with ease .
i shift uncomfortably in my seat , and daisy lets out a long exasperated sigh .
` ` yeah , '' daisy snaps back , ` ` want me to put your hair in one ? ''
ryke keeps his gaze trained on daisy .
though i am not looking forward to swimming with daisy 's friends .
the girls , daisy , and even ryke rest on their own brightly - colored tubes , each round floating device tied together by a rope so we do n't drift from the boat or each other .
` ` relax , '' daisy tells her .
i really , really do n't want to talk about sex with daisy 's friends .
` ` who cares who she learned it from , '' katy snaps before i can find a suitable reply for daisy .
` ` it 's daisy 's birthday , '' i tell him .
` ` hey , has anyone seen daisy ? ''
i dial daisy 's number , trying to push away nagging thoughts about how we 're in a foreign country .
` ` hi , it 's daisy .
he scrutinizes the faces , trying to find daisy 's among the people , and i follow their gaze towards the cliff .
` ` is that daisy ? ''
he dives headfirst into the right spot of water , and the man teaching daisy keeps talking , as though that was some kind of demonstration for her .
she points to the full blue ocean that hits the northern part of the cliff , but daisy is on the side , the section where the ocean flows into this little crevice between our lookout point and the mountain she spiders .
when daisy begins talking , i think maybe ryke has succeeded in convincing her to return to the parking lot .
his head whips around , searching for daisy .
i should have realized that daisy would be in more danger doing something potentially life - threatening than being kidnapped .
i catch daisy 's arm before she goes to cleo .
` ` that 's not okay , daisy , '' i say .
they let out cheers and clap and spin around to record daisy for the end of their videos .
ryke understands this , and i ' m afraid , daisy may not .
` ` daisy , you do n't ... '' have a crush on him .
i ' m not sure how lo would react to a daisy and ryke scenario .
` ` and i never grew tall and beautiful like daisy .
she 's looking fresh as a damn daisy , her hair still wet from the shower and pulled into a ponytail , showcasing that pretty face of hers .
he parked on the side of the long driveway and picked a sprig of daisies from one of the flower beds before walking up into the house .
her expression quickly softened as she saw the daisies .
i clutched the letter from mark in one hand , the daisies in the other .
the woman who normally sold roses on the corner was not there today , but i had the daisies eliot had given me .
she had always liked daisies .
normally i would leave half of my flowers , but it seemed strange to give his daisies to clare .
i sat down next to the small white gravestone and set the daisies to rest against the front of the stone .
i plucked out one of the daisies from her gravestone and twirled it in my hand .
my fingertips trailed over one of the daisy 's petals , soft and white .
a bird called out from one of the cypress trees edging the cemetery and i stopped , closing my hand over the daisy .
when i read the letter , all of the air in my lungs seemed to disappear , and the crumpled daisy in my hand fell forgotten to the ground .
a little girl came forward and lay a handmade bouquet of daisies at the foot of the coffin , stepping shyly away to her mother after glancing up at me .
` ` he went to pick up daisy . ''
shasta daisies , impatiens , and big leafy hostas are everywhere .
` ` fresh as a daisy , '' i said , appraising her .
it was of a bumblebee , taken in the act of the bee landing on a daisy .
the sunlight was refracted off the insect 's bulbous , multi - faceted eyes , the daisy sharp and bright yellow , the sky a blue blur beyond .
i squealed with delight when i saw that it was done in my favorite colors - pink and black - and gerbera daisies had been placed in vases around the room .
i loved daisies .
not that i 'd expected it to be all sunshine and daisies , but we had studio time to plan for , and i 'd be damned if jared being an a**hole got in the way of all that happiness .
quinn had daisies wound through her pinned hair and a white lace dress that flared out to her knees .
` ` only lily and daisy agreed to the show . ''
that leaves lily and daisy , and i do not see my youngest sister shedding a tear .
so is rose 's little sister , daisy .
she can keep listing off the reasons why the move to philadelphia is better - that her parents live close by , that daisy can still attend prep school , that lo 's comic book business is already downtown , that my commute to penn has been shortened by an hour - but in the end , she was n't given a choice .
lo , lily , daisy , and ryke will be sharing the space too .
` ` lily , daisy and i are more than capable of doing it . ''
but i do n't scold daisy for her bluntness .
so scuff away , daisy .
` ` you 're sixteen , '' i say to daisy .
no one likes that they 're calling daisy a sex symbol in the media just because lily is a sex addict .
i 'd kick scott somewhere else but i do n't want to put him next to lily ( a sex addict with a stable boyfriend ) or daisy ( a sixteen - year - old high fashion model with impulse issues ) .
` ` do me next , '' daisy says with a roguish grin , plopping on the floor .
` ` you 're single now but you will find someone very soon , '' she tells daisy .
i ask daisy , trying to steer this to a better direction , one that does n't make connor look like a bigger prick than he really is .
at least , i can forecast that he wo n't make a move on daisy because of her age .
` ` did you hear what you said to daisy ?
` ` i think we missed something , '' daisy says to ryke .
a few days ago , daisy found two rats squeaking in her closet , feces inside her boots .
but daisy was quiet about the whole ordeal and just mentioned it to ryke .
` ` if this is your way of getting daisy to room with you , you can forget it .
naturally , lo would be protective of daisy , but the problem i have is that he 's constantly consumed by lily , always taking care of her , that he has no room to do so for another girl , not even one he sees as a little sister .
so while lo believes he 's protecting daisy from his half - brother , he 's really creating a barrier between daisy and the only person here who 'll look out for her first rather than last .
so while lo believes he 's protecting daisy from his half - brother , he 's really creating a barrier between daisy and the only person here who 'll look out for her first rather than last .
` ` daisy can take my room .
[ 9 ] connor cobalt when we climb up the stairs to the main level , i find rose and daisy talking in hushed tones near the fireplace mantel .
` ` what is daisy doing ? ''
` ` and daisy has ? ''
only daisy , a girl who 's swarmed by photographers for her job , would momentarily forget that we 're all being filmed .
` ` channing tatum 's abs might as well be porn , '' daisy interjects .
as soon as i head towards the door , it whips open and daisy walks in with her white motorcycle helmet beneath her arm .
` ` good , i caught you , '' i tell daisy , deserting my plans for a second .
before i pass her the bag , i notice the way ryke and daisy share furtive glances .
` ` perfect , '' daisy says with a bright smile .
in order to film , scott had a proviso that daisy and lily ditch their bodyguards , who had been keeping them safe from paparazzi after we went from anonymity to celebrity .
` ` and if daisy does n't have the f**king time , then lo , connor and i can help out here .
they have an intense whisper - conversation that brett tries to catch by edging close to daisy .
and then when her lips stop moving , ryke puts a hand to daisy 's cheek .
` ` she said she wished daisy was around , that the house was too quiet without all of you girls there . ''
` ` i do n't want her to take daisy back , '' i suddenly blurt out .
so that left daisy .
she would sign daisy up for so many classes to where she could n't see straight .
no matter how much i called daisy to check in , to listen to her words crack before she layered on the false optimism , i could n't change the course of things .
i thought for sure daisy would turn to drugs .
i could n't see that as a path for daisy .
but i fear making the same mistake - not helping daisy like i was too late for lily .
i do n't want my mom to exploit daisy with her modeling career just so she can brag to her tennis club friends .
and i would n't be surprised if daisy has too with her new boyfriend ( that no one has met yet ) .
but she 's being restrained by both daisy and lily , who grip her waist , tugging her back .
on screen , daisy does a handstand , her white t - shirt falling down to reveal her bare stomach and green lacy bra .
ones that may want to invest or buy some of the clothes that lily , daisy , and i wear on the show .
i find daisy first , entertaining my mom with a few head nods .
while loren steals one of lily 's meatballs off her plate , ryke watches daisy from across the room , his smile fading and his features hardening in concern .
i really do n't want daisy around her for more than an hour or two .
we already watched the psychic disaster , and then i endured a five - minute clip where daisy popped wheelies on her ducati .
` ` lily and lo , '' daisy ignores him with a playful grin .
by the potted plant , daisy apologies to lily , ` ` i ' m so sorry . ''
savannah asks daisy .
ryke stares down at daisy with a hard glare .
ryke goes incredibly still , and daisy stops moving as her face falls .
we all turn on daisy who has taken a seat on the floor , texting in solitude .
when i gave daisy pepper spray , it seemed like she was keeping a secret with ryke .
with locked shoulders , ryke follows daisy downstairs , into the living room , and out the front door .
` ` it was n't that bad , '' daisy tells both of us .
` ` he f**king assaulted you , daisy .
` ` do you need to go to the doctor , daisy ? ''
` ` daisy did n't want you to know , '' ryke retorts .
but i hate that daisy was hurt and i was purposefully left out of the secret .
i ask daisy .
ryke and daisy stop fighting each other .
the footage has changed to a compilation of interviews with daisy , lily , and me .
i think we all forget how young daisy is because she looks older than lily ... and she 's incredibly endearing .
` ` i sleep in the nude , '' daisy answers .
` ` oooh , '' daisy grins .
loren glares at him like ` ` you better not have f**king said her name '' -but i think we all hear daisy in his head anyway .
` ` do you think daisy is as sexually active as lily ? ''
while we go to commercial break , daisy picks herself off the ground , her cellphone in hand .
ryke is the closest to daisy .
` ` daisy , grab the f**king thing , '' ryke tells her , having to literally tug her dress down three more times as she moves .
` ` daisy , '' i interject .
* swoon * @ thefieryheart : brb building a shrine for ryke and daisy !
her nose upturns at a vase of half - wilted daisies .
maybe for daisy but lily is more ... subdued .
same with daisy .
` ` how is daisy doing ? ''
and i have no right to keep daisy with me after the reality show wraps .
` ` that 's daisy 's room . ''
right when i reach daisy , i realize what she 's smashing .
` ` daisy , '' i whisper , but i grab her arms before she hurts herself with the sharp debris .
` ` daisy called me on her cell , '' he says .
when our mother 's not preoccupied with lily 's wedding , she pulls daisy in five different directions .
she makes sure she 's booked for photo shoots , and for the past three weeks , daisy has been working tirelessly .
i even had to convince our mother to let me throw daisy a birthday party .
ryke stares back down at daisy .
` ` did he f**king touch you , daisy ? ''
` ` lily and lo ... '' daisy murmurs , rubbing her eyes .
` ` i can get daisy and poppy to be fitted for bridesmaids ' dresses without lily there , but i ca n't just go pick out a wedding gown for her . ''
ryke asks daisy as he tosses his napkin on the table , servers clearing away the last of our dirty plates .
scott does n't peel his gaze from daisy , which is starting to aggravate the f**k out of me .
` ` do you like dares , daisy ? ''
he catches them easily and heads out first with daisy .
ahead of them , daisy glances over her shoulder , and her lips lift in appreciation .
he passes scott , shoving him hard , shoulder - to - shoulder , before reaching daisy 's side and leading her out .
scott has already followed ryke and daisy outside .
but i do n't want to wake rose by crawling into bed , so i head downstairs to sleep on the lower level - the room that daisy used to share with a few rats .
the door swings open within seconds of my request , and i stare down at daisy .
rose knows daisy is sexually active .
based on the lack of sweat and flush , i assume daisy was n't hav**g s*x .
but daisy knows this , so what 's the real problem ?
i ' ve known daisy for almost a year .
i ' ve contemplated talking to daisy about her situation .
i have no intention of ever calling him , but if something happens to daisy and she 's with him - it would be important information to have .
` ` you think you can call daisy back down here when you go upstairs ?
lily , daisy , and i start stocking the wooden cupboards , and we make soup for dinner .
at the stove , daisy stirs the soup with a large ladle , smiling brightly until she looks up and her eyes lock on someone .
i had a five - minute conversation with him on the plane , and it was clear daisy did n't hide julian from us because he 's dumb .
` ` daisy disagrees with you , lily , '' i say .
and then i turn on daisy .
` ` no way , '' daisy and lily say in unison .
since daisy does n't have a brother , the three of us are in charge of questioning her new boyfriend .
it does n't mean i think he should be spending the night in daisy 's bed .
and are n't you the one on princesses of philly who 's always around daisy ? ''
ryke stares disgustedly at daisy 's boyfriend , and the guy just leisurely sips his beer .
though she wo n't be as hot as daisy , and there 's no way she 'll lick c*ck as well either . ''
` ` rose and daisy want to play a game . ''
i ' m a little tipsy , but nothing like daisy who stumbles around the kitchen trying to find a bag of marshmallows for the fireplace .
ryke yells angrily as daisy clatters around .
only problem is that daisy and i weigh less than the guys playing .
` ` i ' m next , '' ryke says , watching with a hard gaze as julian guides daisy into the living room .
scott , then julian , then daisy .
but daisy has most definitely exceeded her limit .
right as julian nears her a little , daisy stands , teetering , and she sits on the other side of ryke , away from her ` ` boyfriend . ''
i glance back to the group and notice that daisy has passed out , her head resting on ryke 's lap .
` ` okay , what about this : i ship ryke and daisy so hard it hurts .
people are rooting for ryke and daisy to be together , but they 're not canon because it 's never happened . ''
that if ryke dates daisy in the faraway future , he 'll lose his brother and that sense of family .
i ' m beginning to think daisy stays with these losers because she does n't have the heart to reject them .
not only for her own safety against scott , but she 'll also be tasked to protect daisy from her boyfriend .
` ` great , '' julian says , ` ` i 'll go put daisy in her sister 's bed . ''
ryke stands with daisy cradled in his arms , her legs dangling lifelessly .
before they have a tug - of - war with my sister , loren steps in and pries daisy from ryke .
` ` what 'd daisy say to you ? ''
` ` you should understand that , considering your situation with daisy . ''
ryke and i exchange a look before staring back down at daisy .
i hand ryke 's phone to daisy .
` ` wait ... '' daisy frowns , her brows scrunching .
well , if it had to be either rose or daisy , i ' m selfishly glad it was this one who blacked out .
you did n't do anything out of your nature , daisy . ''
i ' ve had to deal with a lot of bullshit being with daisy , but that was ridiculous .
he grabbed daisy once to keep her safe from him , at her wish .
but if all models are like daisy , then they 're really good actors .
i do n't know who to believe , but i think we all want daisy far away from julian until her photo shoot - when she can actually break up with him without fearing being fired and subsequently her mother 's disappointment .
she has her own family and has begun to distance herself from lily , daisy , and me in favor of sam and maria .
lily opens the door wider , and daisy slips in front , holding two mugs with marshmallows floating on top .
` ` we thought it might help your migraine , '' daisy adds .
i take a long sip and then feel daisy 's hand drift to my neck , examining the diamond pendant .
` ` he 's not the douchenozzle , '' lily says , giving daisy a strange reprimanding look that she rarely produces .
she sets her sisterly glare back on daisy .
i connect the dots faster than daisy forms words .
` ` is he really your boyfriend , daisy ? ''
he pauses in thought ` ` and you know , you and your sisters should all put on that ... gold top that daisy wore at valentino 's .
` ` i 'll sleep in daisy 's bedroom . ''
i do have a suspicion that both daisy and connor have been supplying them with breakfast essentials and microwaved meals .
i caught daisy with three empty bowls of cereal in her hands .
and i ca n't call daisy down here either .
- connor he 'd f**k daisy .
she 's downstairs cleaning the kitchen with daisy .
so i prepare to admit the one thing that could cause her to storm out , pack her bags , sleep in daisy 's room and maybe even sling my clothes out the window .
` ` daisy is still with julian . ''
julian should be fired from the marco jeans campaign that he booked with daisy .
so daisy has to work with him .
she 's on the ground in proper workout clothes like daisy .
ryke and daisy do n't seem to care that we could have talked about them , but lily and loren are aggravated .
princesses of philly aired about fifteen minutes of ` ` did daisy get a tattoo with ryke or did n't she ? ''
i have no doubt about this , which is why i ' ve been cautioning ryke to stay away from daisy until she 's older .
` ` i think it 's hot , '' daisy chimes in .
but i watch his eyes meet daisy .
ryke and daisy stare at each other for a long moment that 's filled with words i ca n't hear and things i ca n't read .
daisy tries to reach out and collect sadie in her arms , but ryke pulls her away instantly , drawing daisy to his chest .
i actually sold sadie after that , but i came home the next day and found that rose and daisy went out of their way to buy her back .
[ 44 ] connor cobalt ` ` do n't do this , '' daisy pleads .
the marco jeans campaign ended almost a week ago , which means daisy can break up with julian without fearing ` ` bad '' chemistry at the shoot .
but daisy has a weakness for hurting people 's feelings .
` ` after you , '' i tell daisy , gesturing towards the door .
she snaps at her sister until daisy springs to her feet .
but i wait for daisy to walk ahead of me .
` ` it comes with my utmost pleasure to inform you that daisy will no longer be seeing you , ever again . ''
julian rotates , looking over his shoulder at daisy by the staircase .
julian looks up , his nose flaring as he glares at daisy again .
` ` i do n't think i ' m going to be able to keep daisy with us after the show ends , '' rose says softly .
the last time we did , she denounced my vain concept of children , but after dealing with daisy , lily - she has to see that we 'd be good together , beyond academic rivals , beyond great sex .
and daisy will arrive on her motorcycle with some drifter boyfriend we all hate .
usually lily does n't drink , but when i ordered shots with daisy , she said she wanted to be a part of it .
lily crouches down to help her , and daisy shoves the guy , screaming and trying to hit him back .
ryke has daisy thrown over his shoulder , beelining towards the exit .
something happened to daisy .
loren , ryke , lily and daisy sit on the couch together , their backs facing me .
especially if it 's about daisy .
lily and daisy huddle together on the couch , cupping their hands by their mouths as they whisper .
i turn to daisy .
before he can comment , i add , ` ` how are lily and daisy doing ? ''
` ` and daisy ? ''
no ryke or daisy .
in the open courtyard stands lily , daisy and poppy , wearing pale pink bridesmaids ' dresses , simple and light , unlike the one i ' m smothered in .
he breaks apart , and daisy approaches me first with a dress box .
i had to go get daisy .
` ` you 're letting jess watch daisy ? ''
i know you are n't a fan of jess 's , but she 's good with daisy . ''
` ` jess does some things that are not well thought out , and she 's impulsive , but she 's still good with daisy , '' rock said defensively .
rock had adopted daisy may and her brothers when preston 's mother passed away .
i started to tell her i knew who daisy was because of the wedding and then again at sadie 's dinner party the other night , but i closed my mouth .
matt was petting daisy , who had her head on his knee and was whining and swishing her tail a mile a minute .
the boy was as bad as daisy , speeding single - mindedly after the frisbee .
tanned and toned and mouthwatering in daisy duke cutoffs .
determined not to be one - upped , i fashion a bubble flower - a daisy , or as close as i can get to one - and press it to the side of his head so that it looks like he 's got a flower stuck behind his ear .
steel daisies or something ridiculous like that .
two brunettes are on stage , wearing really short daisy dukes .
back in macon , they would ' ve called these shorts daisy dukes , since they 're cut so short the bottom of my backside is hanging out .
i ended up in a pair of daisy dukes and a black off the shoulder t - shirt that i absolutely loved .
i feel horrible for leaving him and almost tell my mom what happened , but then i catch a glimpse of caleb and daisy on the front porch , watching us back away , and i remember that sometimes secrets need to be taken to the grave .
` ` she kind of reminds me of that quiet girl we used to go to school with - the one daisy was dead set on torturing . ''
that 's why daisy made fun of her . ''
he does n't like daisy for many reasons ; one being that he thinks daisy is a bitch .
he does n't like daisy for many reasons ; one being that he thinks daisy is a bitch .
i met daisy when i was in tenth grade and she moved to our school .
` ` and were n't you going to find your room or was that your excuse to escape daisy ? ''
` ` daisy 's not that bad .
it 's an odd feeling , since i ' ve never hugged anyone , other than daisy and i only hug her when i have to .
if i can make it through tons of freaking dinners with daisy , i ' m sure i can make it through a dinner with some girl we went to school with that barely says a word . ''
her tits are n't hanging out of her top and her jeans are n't skin tight to show off her curves , like how daisy dresses every day .
he answers and i can hear daisy 's voice on the other end .
` ` that was daisy ... you know daisy mcmillian , right ? ''
when i talk to daisy , it mostly focuses on shallow things , like homecoming , what she is going to wear , and where the parties are going to take place .
when her eyes meet mine , they light up for a split second then she looks over at daisy .
` ` daisy , '' i say in a tight voice .
seth 's eyes widen , which means callie must have told him about daisy .
a light turns off in callie 's eyes as she starts to step around us , but seth whisks forward and gets in daisy 's face .
` ` for not telling daisy to shut her f**king mouth , '' i say .
do you know what daisy would do if you ever cheated on her . ''
` ` but do you know what daisy would do to callie if she ever found out there was something going on between you two ? ''
` ` i ' m totally rooting that you find someone else , because i f**king hate daisy .
` ` do everyone a favor and send daisy a text to break up with her .
` ` you should go get yourself f**king laid , but by someone other than daisy . ''
i ' m lying in my bed , getting ready to go to class , when daisy sends me a very vague text .
luke : i just got a text from d man and he said he thinks daisy cheated on you with lenny .
i turn off my phone , not bothering to text daisy back .
i ' ve never laid it on this thick before with anyone , including daisy .
` ` you know i just broke up with daisy , right ? ''
` ` when you started dating daisy , '' he points out .
` ` luke 's excited that daisy and i broke up . ''
my phone rings and i retrieve it from my pocket as daisy 's name pops up on the screen .
` ` what do you want , daisy ? ''
but as i glance down at the scars on my knuckles , i head west , towards town to park the truck somewhere and then drive back home to take daisy to the prom .
` ` please do n't let this ruin your progress , but while i was on facebook , i saw that kayden had tagged himself with daisy mcmillian at the homecoming dance . ''
` ` because part of it was that i realized daisy is a bitch . ''
` ` and he informed me that callie found out you were at homecoming with daisy . ''
` ` you 're referring to daisy ? ''
` ` daisy , her friends , everyone we went to school with , '' she says miserably .
that was the year kayden started getting serious with daisy and she made that dinner for me a living hell .
it was all for fun , even with daisy .
besides , i still smell like a spring daisy . ''
trystan is back , looking like a spring daisy .
you 're awesome , and someone worth keeping will be there for you whether it rains shit or daisies . ''
neil 's eyes are glued to the woman and i half expect to see hearts and daisies form a halo around her head .
i sit across from him , and he passes me the paper , where he 's drawn a simple daisy behind prison bars .
the daisy is reaching toward a shaft of sunlight .
the daisy is colorful and pretty , but withdrawn with its petals submissively lying down , and it 's leaning toward the shaft of sunlight .
he drew the daisy , and he 's colored it with my colors .
but at the base of the daisy , maggie lays with her head balanced on the lower petals , just like she used to balance it on my knee .
when we were both bare , his fingers on my skin searing me , we laid down on my quilt covered in daisies .
she wore her usual half - shirt with daisy dukes , showing off her myriad tattoos .
` ` oopsie daisy . ''
in spite of her mom , marlene , showing up looking and acting like an older , drunker , version of daisy duke .
he 'd gone on one date where he 'd brought a bouquet that had daisies in it and the poor woman had ended up sucking down benadryl and leaving early , her flower allergy triggered by what he had thought was a romantic gesture .
` ` c'm on , daisy .
` ` g'night , '' the kid said , walking off , practically dragging poor daisy down the street .
` ` i know you hate daisies and carnations .
i ' m not some innocent , lily - white fainting daisy .
` ` so i suppose you 're a big fan of jay gatsby and daisy buchanan then ? ''
` ` there must have been moments even that afternoon when daisy tumbled short of his dreams -- not through her own fault but because of the colossal vitality of his illusion .
cut - off , daisy duke 's with the ass cheeks hanging out- '' ` ` short shorts ?
` ` anyway , so like i was saying , there were the daisy dukes , cowboy boots , and to top it all off there was the halter top with the bare mid - drift ... '' he closed his eyes and shook his head .
mairi nervously smoothed out non - existent creases on the ankle length skirt of her daisy yellow dress .
a few people missed their cues , and my nose told me one of the daisies may have peed his or her pants .
he looked well - rested and fresh as a f**king daisy .
i must have burned black , smoking holes in his face , because he pursed his lips shut and looked down at his plate as if he 'd just stepped in my personal daisy patch .
i sat on the grey leather couch and watched , staring at daisies fluttering in the breeze .
` ` common daisy , often confused with their more tightly petaled family members , arctotis .
my shorts were n't daisy dukes or anything but i fancied they looked okay on me .
` ` right , '' daisy stated .
` ` crazeee , '' daisy stated when i walked in .
i had a lighted , woven daisy basket .
moving to my basket , i was wishing for the first time i did n't have a daisy basket that any six year old girl would be in throes of ecstasy over , but , suddenly i was realizing , any twenty - nine year old woman should think twice about .
` ` you want me to ask after daisy ? ''
the bright green grass , fluttering insects , dripping willows and daisies dotting the lawn looked like they were seen through a filtered lens on a camera .
in two days , these would be covered in white tablecloths with a bucket of daisies and black - eyed susans in the middle of each one .
i had my hand in the bend of lash 's arm , my other hand wrapped around a huge bouquet of little baby daisies mixed with big , beautiful white roses and my eyes were on the doors in front of us that led to the church sanctuary .
i closed the door behind them , turned and trailed them as martha made a bee - line to my kitchen , introducing , ` ` this is shirleen and daisy , they 're friends of elvira and gwen 's .
gwen met shirleen during her thingamabob and with shirleen came daisy and with gwen came elvira and with elvira comes me and now we 're all here . ''
i looked to shirleen and daisy and greeted , ` ` hi guys . ''
daisy gave me a bright smile and i knew she was daisy because she said , ` ` hey , i ' m daisy . ''
daisy gave me a bright smile and i knew she was daisy because she said , ` ` hey , i ' m daisy . ''
` ` only two things better in the whole world than your frosted sugar cookies with daisy sprinkles and those are pigs in a blanket and a man with a fine package .
this i know as fact , '' she declared , i blinked at this unusual compliment , daisy emitted a little giggle that sounded like bells , elvira grinned big at me but martha shouted .
but martha 's eyes narrowed , as in went squinty , i knew what that meant so instead of thanking daisy , i kept my focus on martha .
` ` i went to that emporium , '' daisy whispered to shirleen .
` ` depends on what he 's packin ' , '' shirleen whispered to daisy and daisy audibly stifled another giggle .
` ` i did , '' elvira mumbled to daisy and shirleen .
` ` that 's her ex , he 's cornered the market on ass**le , '' elvira explained on a mutter to shirleen and daisy .
` ` no , sister , i mean he 's cornered the market on ass**le , ` ` elvira stated firmly and daisy and shirleen stared at her with dawning understanding then they looked at me .
` ` yowza , '' daisy muttered .
` ` make that a frosted sugar cookie with daisy sprinkles and i just found me a mission , '' shirleen stated and i nodded to her .
i 'd accepted a lift from daisy ( who was my new best friend seeing as she had a limo and a driver and she was sweet and she was hilarious ) to get to brock 's from club and i 'd done this because i was more than slightly inebriated .
* * * * * ` ` you got sugar cookies with daisy sprinkles on the menu tomorrow ? ''
` ` we 're namin ' her daisy mae . ''
we ca n't name a noble dog daisy mae . ''
` ` she 's daisy mae , '' jacob declared .
` ` i will , you agree she 's daisy mae . ''
we can insult her by calling her daisy mae . ''
the revelation was molly 's room , which was painted a pastel yellow and decorated effusively in every shade of purple under the sun , with a liberal sprinkling of daisies in the form of daisy lamps , a daisy motif to the bedclothes , daisy prints on the walls , and a daisy nightlight .
the revelation was molly 's room , which was painted a pastel yellow and decorated effusively in every shade of purple under the sun , with a liberal sprinkling of daisies in the form of daisy lamps , a daisy motif to the bedclothes , daisy prints on the walls , and a daisy nightlight .
the revelation was molly 's room , which was painted a pastel yellow and decorated effusively in every shade of purple under the sun , with a liberal sprinkling of daisies in the form of daisy lamps , a daisy motif to the bedclothes , daisy prints on the walls , and a daisy nightlight .
the revelation was molly 's room , which was painted a pastel yellow and decorated effusively in every shade of purple under the sun , with a liberal sprinkling of daisies in the form of daisy lamps , a daisy motif to the bedclothes , daisy prints on the walls , and a daisy nightlight .
the revelation was molly 's room , which was painted a pastel yellow and decorated effusively in every shade of purple under the sun , with a liberal sprinkling of daisies in the form of daisy lamps , a daisy motif to the bedclothes , daisy prints on the walls , and a daisy nightlight .
and even though i knew he 'd recently made the journey i 'd made not long ago , he looked fresh as a daisy .
he wore a tux ; she had on a simple white dress that she made stunning , daisies mingled in her long , wild hair that she made look sophisticated .
funny , beautiful , forever young anna with her blonde hair and her knack for making daisies , of all things , look sophisticated .
the bottoms were cotton with tiny , retro daisies in sherbet colors against a raspberry sherbet background with the camisole being lime sherbet .
i paired this with silver stud earrings in the shapes of little daisies , a bunch of silver bangles on my wrist with dangly daisies or roses on them and a pair of kelly green , suede flats with a big flower on the rounded toe .
i paired this with silver stud earrings in the shapes of little daisies , a bunch of silver bangles on my wrist with dangly daisies or roses on them and a pair of kelly green , suede flats with a big flower on the rounded toe .
i 'd also added a layering of a bunch of silver necklaces that i usually only wore one at a time , all of them having daisies or flowers dangling from them or pendants with daisies and flowers stamped on them .
i 'd also added a layering of a bunch of silver necklaces that i usually only wore one at a time , all of them having daisies or flowers dangling from them or pendants with daisies and flowers stamped on them .
i 'd put on my daisy stud earrings and my flower - dangling bracelets .
this was because it was no longer a mystery and also not a surprise that it was mary eglund , known as a jesus freak and not the handing out daisies and pamphlets kind , was behind the attempted library closure .
the second - hand couch was covered in a daisy - print fabric , and our mix - match coffee table was an entirely different world compared to the sleek black violence of fox 's mansion .
like my daisies ? ''
she shook her hair , showing a long daisy chain wrapped in the strands .
not a whoopsy daisy i was stupid and forgot to use contraception .
i moved forward , tracing a finger over a beautiful sun - drenched photo of clara picking daisies .
i bet he is hung and knows how to use it , '' her friend daisy said as paul walked past .
putting her bottle of beer down , anna , who was much shorter than daisy , went toe to toe with the other girl .
` ` tracy mcallister 's daughter , daisy , was shooting her mouth off . ''
she asked , and paul knew she was n't talking about daisy or tracy but why the men shared .
when he walked into his club , he saw the girl daisy seated at the bar .
` ` daisy , i think you should be getting home . ''
` ` daisy is back .
another one of his problems , daisy mcallister .
` ` did you go to school with daisy ? ''
` ` daisy is a receptionist ? ''
dealing with daisy with a hard - on was not the best thing to do .
with daisy , he 'd done the same .
i do n't like dealing with odd numbers , daisy .
i ' m doing this , daisy .
` ` i ' m going to need you to say the words out loud , daisy . ''
you 're safe here , daisy .
` ` sleep , daisy . ''
` ` i did n't see daisy , '' peter said .
the little i know about daisy is the fact her dates have taken her out on one date , but once they met the mother , that was it .
` ` and let me guess , daisy ends up taking a lot of the blame for all the wrong in her mother 's life . ''
you ' ve got feelings for daisy .
once he made his drink , he walked up the stairs to where he 'd locked daisy inside his room .
w xxx '' daisy smiled and went in search of the bathroom .
` ` you 're an open book , daisy .
` ` and you , sweet daisy , are a submissive . ''
` ` they were more than happy to oblige , daisy . ''
` ` no , you 're not , daisy .
` ` look at me , daisy . ''
` ` that is for you to find out , daisy .
` ` i hate this town , daisy .
` ` then ask me for what you want , daisy .
` ` daisy , when you 're with me , you 'll show me everything you 're feeling , '' he said .
do you want daisy ?
` ` i would never laugh at you , daisy .
he could n't bring himself to have another man look at daisy , let alone share her .
` ` daisy , you have no idea what you 're asking , '' he said .
` ` this is who i am , daisy .
` ` i 'll take you , daisy .
i ' m not an easy person , daisy .
he did n't want to do this with daisy .
` ` all right , daisy .
this is an order , daisy .
it was what daisy deserved .
organise the delivery , and then i want you to escort daisy home . ''
` ` i 'll take daisy after i ' ve seen him out . ''
` ` when you 're not trying to be your mother , you 're a lovely girl , daisy , '' he said .
he likes you , daisy .
` ` take care , daisy . ''
finding out about daisy has knocked her for six .
i believe the dna test you demanded daisy take , provided all the information you needed . ''
` ` daisy had f**k all to do with your parents ' infidelity .
` ` that can only mean you were talking about daisy .
` ` it is not like you to take an interest in someone like daisy , '' gabriel said .
images of daisy over his knee entered his mind and went straight to his cock .
david and paul are blaming daisy for all the wrong in their lives instead of getting past it . ''
* * * * daisy was exhausted , but a loud banging sound was interrupting her sweet and pleasant dreams .
i do n't like it , daisy . ''
` ` and you promised to be mine , daisy .
` ` daisy , if i did n't want you then i would n't have agreed .
` ` do you want me , daisy ? ''
` ` this is not part of your training , daisy .
be warned , daisy , there will come a time where i need you na**d for me . ''
if innocence had a taste then daisy was it .
` ` i ca n't wait to f**k you , daisy .
i 'd never hurt you , daisy .
you were squirming on my lap , daisy .
i want you , daisy .
` ` i ' m going to put a finger inside you , daisy .
i ' m here , daisy .
i ' m william , and you 're daisy . ''
he was about to take daisy 's virginity , and then she would be his in almost every sense of the word .
chapter six daisy sat at the bar watching peter serve several people drinks .
peter stared at him , and daisy turned her attention to the guy next to her .
` ` i ' m peter miller , and this is daisy mcallister . ''
` ` have you met daisy ? ''
` ` daisy , i ' m going to show edward around the club .
` ` you 're turned on , daisy .
` ` we 're going to get naked , daisy , and then we 're going to sit and watch this scene until it has finished .
he turned the television off and watched as daisy swallowed then looked at him .
` ` no , daisy .
` ` i ' m going to give you a set of keys , daisy .
you 're daisy , and i ' m william . ''
do you want me to be in control , daisy ? ''
` ` never , daisy . ''
` ` fuck , daisy , '' he said .
` ` trust me , daisy .
` ` pull off , daisy , '' he said .
` ` paul and david have their own opinion on what went on , daisy .
without hesitating , daisy climbed into the passenger seat .
` ` your care is my primary concern , daisy .
` ` this is your only warning , daisy .
` ` that 's where we 're going , daisy . ''
` ` you scared me , daisy .
` ` tell me , daisy . ''
the daisy he knew that no one else did .
` ` i love using my hand , daisy . ''
` ` touch one , daisy .
` ` edward , do me the honour of holding daisy still . ''
you 're not going home tonight , daisy .
you 're mine , daisy .
` ` i want to see you strip for me , daisy . ''
her mother and all the other crap aside , daisy was a beautiful , intelligent , and loving woman .
` ` i 'd never leave you alone like that , daisy .
` ` touch me , daisy , '' he said .
` ` i ' m going to protect you , daisy .
` ` tell me what you want , daisy . ''
chapter nine daisy opened her eyes as pleasure centred from her cl*t all the way up through her body .
` ` yes , you 're my woman now , daisy .
the steer brothers are demanding to know where daisy is .
` ` they ' ve been phoning every ten minutes asking where daisy was .
i ' m taking daisy with me .
i 'll also need you to go to daisy 's place and bring her stuff here .
` ` this is not daisy .
` ` fine , daisy and i are heading into the city .
the call ended as daisy walked into the room .
` ` daisy , you came , '' anna said .
` ` no , we wanted to make sure daisy was okay .
` ` daisy , i know we have n't been the best- '' david started to say .
chapter ten daisy was back in the car next to william .
` ` yvette , i 'd like you to meet my woman , daisy .
remove your clothes , daisy . ''
they 're a gift , daisy .
` ` no one can see , daisy .
he pulled up and stopped the car , turning towards daisy as her pretty fingers teased her slit open .
you 're desperate , daisy .
` ` i ' m going to come , daisy .
this woman in front of him holding a gun had destroyed the love inside daisy for the last time .
in forty - five years he 'd never met a woman who was as passionate and caring as daisy .
` ` you 're going to kill daisy , but she wo n't bring you any peace , tracy .
she was no longer looking with disgust at daisy .
edward helped david and paul while william went and stroked daisy hair .
that night daisy stayed wrapped up next to william .
all but gabriel and daisy chuckled .
` ` she 's not saying who your father is , daisy .
both david and paul hugged daisy before leaving .
you 're daisy mcallister . ''
` ` you look so damn beautiful , daisy . ''
the age difference was an issue for some , but with daisy it did n't feel like an issue .
` ` i ' m going to tell you what i ' m going to do , daisy .
` ` right , i need you to breathe in , daisy . ''
` ` daisy , do you want me to wear a condom ? ''
` ` you 're beautiful , daisy .
he began staying in town more while daisy moved in with william .
` ` you 're special to me , daisy , '' he said .
` ` we talked about sharing , daisy .
` ` this is all about you , daisy .
touch him , daisy . ''
` ` i think now is the perfect time to tell you , daisy .
` ` you 're mine , daisy .
` ` i love you , daisy , and i will love you for the rest of my life . ''
when william had asked him to share daisy , he 'd thought he was insane .
he 'd seen the love his friend and boss had for daisy .
` ` fine , i 'd rather be here , in a cemetery , than dealing with daisy and the twins .
in the last three years daisy had become pregnant twice , and both times she 'd given birth to twins .
` ` daisy made this for me today .
he heard daisy laughing in the distance , and he stared at his friend and boss .
he stormed out of the room and crashed into daisy .
there was no way he 'd be able to share her with another man like william had daisy .
after laura , anna , amy , and even daisy , i lost all interest in the town .
bringing rose forward he introduced her to daisy .
smiling , she pulled her attention away from him to focus on daisy , who said , ` ` i ' ve been hoping for him to find a woman for some time .
` ` that 's earned you ten , daisy .
frowning , rose turned back to daisy .
peter stayed behind with daisy .
` ` what did you mean earlier to daisy ?
peter took a seat at the bar as daisy took her children out of the club and to her home .
i ' m usually behind the bar , but just recently william has been getting daisy to do it .
` ` daisy was telling me that you have n't been to many barbeques or dinners or anything . ''
william , daisy , and edward were also present .
peter was busy talking with william and daisy , leaving her alone with the other happy couple .
butch stood in the doorway carrying some daisies and a brown paper bag .
cheryl placed the daisies into a large glass then placed them on the table .
his moment of surprise over the daisy yellow fabric - he had assumed they 'd be black or blood red to go along with the oversexed image she put out , rather than a sweet patch of innocence - barely had time to catch hold in his brain .
` ` i still have daisy , '' she confessed .
jason had brought her to hope , and she 'd never had the heart to get rid of daisy .
her blue - eyed cat could n't hear , but it did n't slow daisy down .
however , hope could never let her out of the house because of the danger of the cat being outside without being able to hear any imminent danger , a fact that did n't seem to faze daisy at all .
it was n't easy for hope to have an animal with her travel schedule , but she managed with the help of her next - door neighbor when she could n't take daisy with her .
hope startled as she felt a familiar sensation : her feline brushed against her bare legs as daisy moved around hope in a welcoming circle .
petting daisy nervously , she walked down the hall , to a spacious living room with a fireplace and wooden beams that spanned a tall , cathedral ceiling off to the left .
she set daisy on the floor shakily .
why is daisy here ? ''
whoever had brought daisy here had also brought her more clothes .
she cuddled daisy on her lap as the feline leapt onto the couch .
hope was n't about to tell him that she cherished daisy just that much more because she 'd gotten her from jason .
her heart skittered as she watched him move daisy gently , placed the feline next to his thighs , and gave her the attention she obviously wanted by stroking her head and then her silky body repeatedly .
instead , a tear rolled down her cheek as jason continued to talk to daisy , moved his laptop and let her cuddle on his lap while he used both hands to stroke her delighted kitty body .
he continued to pet daisy as he watched her walk toward him .
he lowered daisy gently to the floor and moved his laptop to the floor beside the recliner .
hope almost purred just like daisy as jason 's touch shot fire through her blood .
a plaintive animal cry came from the door , and jason looked down to see daisy twined around his ankles .
he asked daisy , trying to calm the cat by stroking her head , to no avail .
with daisy back on the floor , jason tore through the door determinedly , not bothering to lock it behind him .
i look up at my daddy , holding a small bunch of pink daisies .
i go over to the tea set that 's on the table and pick up the pink daisies .
she looks down at the daisies .
back to northbrook , back to the house i used to live in , through the front door , into my bedroom where my father still waits for me at my little table , with pink daisies , to join him for our princess tea party .
i think about pink daisies , and the feel of my father 's whiskers poking me with his kisses .
i take a moment even though i already know the answer , but the thought alone grips my throat , tightening it as i reveal to him , ` ` daisies .
` ` daisies ? ''
` ` daisies are nice .
and i like daisies . ''
` ` pink daisies , '' he clarifies , and i nod , repeating , ` ` pink daisies . ''
` ` pink daisies , '' he clarifies , and i nod , repeating , ` ` pink daisies . ''
he can smell her perfume - a light summer scent that brings daisies and bright meadows to mind .
` ` so pretty , '' annabelle murmured as she admired a vase containing bright yellow tulips intermingled with curly white willow and white shasta daisies .
that he knew the kind of daisies they were boggled the mind .
a pair of flip - flops with yellow daisies on the toes .
so did aidan , who chose that exact moment to stroll out of the shop with a bouquet of daisies in his hand .
i glance down at my bright red daisy dukes and loose , silk strapless top - it 's white and sparkly - and i pray i do n't stick out like a sore thumb .
she waves to a cozy , suede - looking blue couch with gray pillows sporting cut - out felt daisies .
move over daisy duke .
sophie paused , struck by the romantic image of the three of them in the sunshine , daisies in tilly 's hair .
indeed , he did nt need to go to the bathroom : he was fresh as a daisy , without any taint of sweat , not even on his forehead .
this time , she arrived at the campus fresh as a daisy , as opposed to the previous day when she had got there all drenched in sweat .
i plan to nominate them for the daisy award .
what the heck is the daisy award ?
i m thinking of nominating them for the daisy award , i added , hoping to wow her .
the daisy award , i explained .
his arms around me in a field of wild daisies .
she wandered down the high street watching sleepy shop - keepers unlocking their doors and winding up their shutters , a young woman sluiced down the pavement in front of the butchers with a bucket of hot , soapy water , on the other side of the road the florists assistant brought out pots of rufous chrysanthemums and pale mauve michaelmas daisies and arranged them in rows outside the shops entrance , the smell of fresh coffee drifted across from the caribbean coffee shop , a touch of exotica in this traditional country town .
either side banks of michaelmas daisies and lavender bushes flanked their way .
everything had laces and daisies embroidered into them .
but instead of gleaming champagne glasses or bowls with little daisies inside , the rail supported what looked like unfinished laundry .
i know you honey , sooner or later that smile of yours is gon na pop out on your face like a spring daisy .
and these are the daisies and these are the tulips .
i was wondering when that was going to happen , erin said , turning her attention back to the pot of orange and yellow gerbera daisies in the center of her crossed legs .
maybe we 'll sing in the sunshine , pick daisies , fall in love and have a dozen kids and climb a few hills .
each piece was perfectly laid out , as if on displaytiny jean capris and a light pink top with daisies embroidered on the sleeves .
the yard was immaculate and beautifully landscaped , with pink hollyhocks , california lilacs , and gerbera daisies scattered throughout , giving off the most delightful scent .
my name is daisy , she said brightly , turning again to look at her as if nothing in the world was out of the ordinary .
kyrah felt such immense relief from the offer that she was tempted to accuse daisy of being an angel sent from heaven .
thank you , kyrah said and watched through the curtain as daisy walked away .
kyrah looked away quickly and daisy went on , i m sorry if i said something out of line .
instinctively she trusted daisy , and she ached to have someone share her grief .
through their long conversations , daisy made kyrah realize that she had to keep trying to get passage back to england .
despite her admission that shed be lonely without her , daisy insisted that kyrah belonged with her mother at home , and she offered to do all she could to help find an england - bound ship that would take a lady passenger .
while kyrah often wondered what she would do without daisy and her continual optimism and listening ear , daisy often expressed appreciation for kyrahs friendship in turn .
if he now , wait a minute , daisy interrupted , leaning over the table toward kyrah , there s something i have to say about that .
kyrah inhaled deeply , as if she could more fully absorb everything daisy had said .
she prayed to be able to sufficiently comprehend what daisy was trying to teach her , and to be able to apply it to her life in a way that would make a difference .
its like i told you from the start , i tend to intrude where i m not wanted , but i m grateful for your intrusion , daisy .
i ve been thinking a great deal about what you said , daisy , and .
having repeated her thoughts to daisy made them seem more real , more plausible .
oh , daisy .
garret had been apprehensive when daisy asked if this friend of hers could go back to england with him .
she recalled daisy once mentioning that it might be wise to use an assumed name in order to avoid her husband .
it looked much more expensive than daisy had made him think .
indeed , he smirked , and kyrah thought that daisy had been right .
he could nt recall now what daisy had said about mr . griffinor whatever his name was .
he was nt opposed to calling on mrs . griffin when she might be alone , but he hoped that daisy might make her feel less uncomfortable .
for whatever reason , he hoped daisy would be there .
kyrah heard a knock at the door and exchanged a glance with daisy .
no one had ever come to the house except daisy in all the time shed been here .
i did wish to have a word with daisy , but i also wanted to see that you re well .
i m a busy man , daisy .
well , perhaps i should ask daisy such questions privately .
he smirked again and said , now , daisy .
only you , daisy .
when he was alone with daisy , she said , you must understand that she s been through a great deal .
kyrah was grateful to know that daisy was working a double shift to fill in for a woman who was ill . she had no desire to repeat what had happened and have daisy scold her for running .
kyrah was grateful to know that daisy was working a double shift to fill in for a woman who was ill . she had no desire to repeat what had happened and have daisy scold her for running .
she was grateful to know that daisy would stop in for a few minutes between shifts , and she had promised that no matter what kind of trouble she got into at work she would be with kyrah if the baby came before she left port .
while she was waiting for daisy to come , she pondered having her take a message to ritcherd .
outside it began to pour , and kyrah decided it was best not to send daisy walking to the pier in the rain , especially when she was afraid to be alone .
who s there , daisy ?
kyrah nodded , knowing daisy was right .
another pain came on and daisy stayed by her side until it subsided , then she pressed a gentle hand to kyrahs face , saying firmly , you stay calm .
as soon as daisy left the room , kyrah knew she had to at least send a message for ritcherd .
she set her eye on some paper on the bureau while she could hear daisy arguing with the man at the door , even if she could nt make out what was being said .
while kyrah was enduring another pain , she heard daisy shouting .
do nt let him go , daisy , she cried , the pain intensifying her words .
i m not leaving you alone , daisy retorted .
ritcherd carefully scooped kyrah into his arms and followed daisy to the bed , where he laid her down .
as the pain continued to get worse , ritcherd asked daisy , how much longer ?
well , to be careful , daisy added .
while daisy was skeptically appraising the man in the doorway to the bedroom , he explained more to kyrah .
he told them she could start pushing soon , then he talked quietly with daisy while ritcherd stayed close to kyrah .
she went through the ordeal of pushing more times than he could count before daisy finally said , its almost here , honey .
she pushed again , and he heard daisy gasp .
kyrah gasped with a laugh of relief as daisy set the wiggling infant into her arms .
he could hear the baby crying in the kitchen , where daisy was bathing her .
thank heaven for daisy , he thought .
it was evident that daisy had done a great deal for kyrah , but nothing greater than being here to deliver the baby .
he thanked god for sending daisy to watch over kyrah , and he prayed for the strength and guidance to make it through whatever lay ahead .
i always say too much and daisy , please , he insisted , believing that she could help answer his prayers .
she still seemed hesitant and he added , i swear to you daisy , i will keep it to myself .
while he d interpreted screaming as some kind of verbal argument , he was completely unprepared to hear daisy say , the first time i saw kyrahs face , it was purple .
before daisy left the room , she said , you remember what you promised me .
he coughed in an attempt to avoid sobbing , but he only ended up choking out a cry of disbelief that he knew daisy must have heard from the other room .
for a moment he wished daisy had nt told him , but as horrible as it was , it had to be faced eventually .
praying for strength , he returned to the bedroom , where daisy was laying the sleeping baby close to kyrahs side .
leaving him in charge , daisy went home to get some sleep and then to put in a shift at the tavern where she worked .
he found a note from daisy that guided him to some cold beef , cheese , bread and butter .
images assaulted him of what daisy had told him .
he wanted so desperately to know what had happened , but he had to remember his promise to daisy .
ritcherd went tense , fearing the worst ; something worse than what daisy had told him .
hearing her recount a portion of what daisy had told him , ritcherd instinctively wrapped his arms more tightly around her , pressing his face to her throat .
he wondered how long it might take to bring them around to the rest of what daisy had told him .
* * * * * ritcherd entered the house to find daisy busy in the kitchen .
or perhaps kyrah had told daisy something about him that might have made her dislike him .
he chuckled and was pleased to see daisy smile .
he followed a few minutes later and leaned unobtrusively in the doorway , watching as daisy finished diapering the baby and gave her to kyrah to be fed .
while daisy was at the tavern and the baby slept , kyrah became restless and frustrated with being confined to bed .
by holding her against his shoulder and patting her back , as he d seen kyrah do , he managed to keep her quiet until daisy emerged from the bedroom to rescue her from ritcherds incompetence .
with or without the knowledge of what daisy had shared with him , her behavior made it evident that she was keeping something from him .
hell find daisy .
kyrah did nt realize how nervous shed become until daisy startled her .
every daisy in the dell knows my secret quite well , yet i dare not tell sweet marie !
i assure you that i have only chivalrous intentions , zach grinned and held out a small bouquet of daisies .
renata held the flowers outa mix of red roses , white daisies and sprigs of lavenderand katja accepted them with a shaky hand .
-the end- the mcphee clan continues in montana hearts , daisy 's story : rain sluiced down daisy 's cheeks and stung her eyes as she spotted two faint lights hovering in the darkness behind her .
graces number was nt there , only the sunny picture of a yellow daisy shed set as her screen saver a few months ago .
she caught a glimpse of the sunny daisy and her world seemed to tilt .
she scooped up a tiny round glass vase with a cluster of purple daisies , and returned to him .
nice flowers , he commented , gesturing to the daisies .
kara reached for the daisies maddy held .
maddy kept silent a moment , her gaze lingering on the purple daisies .
they would look lovely next to the daisies .
she can change a flat tire in dirt and heat and arrive in town looking as fresh as a daisy .
` ` now , honey , this is daisy , a gentle mare that i ' m giving to you .
abby did as he said and smiled at daisy 's response .
now , i ' m going to lift you onto daisy and then mount the horse behind you .
` ` miz abby looks real good on daisy . ''
after that , she saddled daisy , tied her valise to the saddle , and then rode to town .
when they entered the barn , luke said , ` ` where 's daisy ? ''
` ` you do n't think she 'd just take off on daisy , do you ?
novels and novellas by verna clay contemporary romance on the ranch series dream kisses honey kisses baby kisses candy kisses christmas kisses rock star kisses ( coming soon ) oasis series stranded in oasis branded in oasis crashed in oasis historic unconventional series * abby : mail order bride broken angel ryder 's salvation joy 's return * gold medal winner readers ' favorite international book contest finding home series cry of the west : hallie rescue on the rio : lilah missouri challenge : daisy fantasy romance shapeling trilogy roth : book one : protector fawn : book two : master davide : book three : prince jazmine young adult romance ( verna clay writing as colleen clay ) fragile hearts * * * * * * * * * * * * * audio books abby : mail order bride broken angel cry of the west : hallie stages a sophie walker novella episode one copyright 2014 by katie paul smashwords edition all rights reserved .
both daisy and greywolf , two of my dearest friends , were in charge of a number of subs as well .
from : daisy # 18 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ randolf , where do you get off blaming working mothers for all the ills in america ?
-- daisy _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ title : ignorance !
from : mr . ed # 34 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ i think both randolf and daisy are ignorant .
-- mr . ed _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ title : you need to talk from : daisy # 18 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ in response to your question , phoenix , i have to say the most important thing you can do is to have a heart to heart with this person .
-- daisy _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ title : dangerous situation from : runner # 22 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ i believe this could be a serious situation and you need to confront your friend as soon as possible .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ title : get her help from : daisy # 18 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phoenix , it sounds bad .
-- daisy _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ title : my mistake from : mr . ed # 34 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ i am not usually one to admit when i m wrong , but here it goes .
-- tranquility _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ title : my yucky first kiss from : daisy # 18 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ i do not have good memories of my first kiss .
-- daisy _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ title : ah , my first kiss from : greywolf # 69 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ lets see it was rachael , in second grade , under the jungle gym .
i added snapdragons , columbines , butterfly plants , daisies , lilies , violets , carnations and three different types of roses to my cart .
i could just imagine the fun we would have playing with snapdragons , watching butterflies , making daisy chains , and smelling the roses as the summer wore on .
his grin faded , and his mouth fell open when she casually hopped down off her bar stool and tugged the edge of her sweatpants down to reveal a tiny daisy over her right hip bone .
a dozen bright orange gerbera daisies sat in the front hall .
i love gerbera daisies , she exclaimed .
i know not everything is peace , love , and daisies , but people should at least have a fighting chance .
` ` evening , gentlemen , '' he greeted as though they were pointing friggin ' daisies at him .
the only kind of job you could get in 1887 would be sewing daisies on girls hats and that would paywhat ?
that 's because you know that daisies are my favorite .
when she turned back around , chase was there with a handful of white daisies he 'd picked from the side of his house .
today she donned a blue fleece fabric with white daisies .
punks are lucky we did nt bring bruno and daisy here to play .
in the same voice he would use with bruno or daisy .
novels and novellas by verna clay western romance contemporary romance on the ranch series dream kisses honey kisses baby kisses candy kisses christmas kisses rock star kisses forever kisses oasis series stranded in oasis branded in oasis crashed in oasis historic unconventional series * abby : mail order bride broken angel ryder 's salvation joy 's return * gold medal winner readers ' favorite international book contest finding home series cry of the west : hallie rescue on the rio : lilah missouri challenge : daisy fantasy romance shapeling trilogy roth : book one : protector fawn : book two : master davide : book three : prince jazmine young adult romance ( verna clay writing as colleen clay ) fragile hearts audio books abby : mail order bride broken angel cry of the west : hallie the great brownie taste - off ( the yolanda 's yummery series , book 1 ) by lisa maliga copyright 2014 , 2015 http : //www.lisamaliga.com newsletter http : //eepurl.com / uzbe9 all rights reserved .
drake stands there , holding a bouquet of multi - colored daisies .
an elusive breeze caught the hem of her silk crepe skirt , and a dance of yellow designer daisies swirled about her ankles as she planted her outrageously insured derriere on the tombs narrow foundation ledge .
she clamped her lips closed , shut her eyes , and imagined an idling river , a quiet meadow at the base of the mountains , the scent of daisies and pine needles .
any breeze would have been very welcome -- she was beginning to droop like a wilted daisy .
my first baby , she did nt get to use it really , but daisy did .
my daisy was the best baby .
he held a beautiful bouquet of purple daisies .
i love daisies !
they piled the loot in her car , including a six dollar bunch of daisies abby had shyly asked if they could get for her mother , and autumn drove while abby talked .
summer set the daisies on the kitchen table in front of abby and kissed her daughters head .
sadly it was nt a cheerful bouquet of purple daisies .
opening my eyes , i looked to my own greenhouse of flowers with a big bouquet of purple daisies as the centerpiece .
looking over at my garden again , i asked , are the daisies from you ?
i ve always loved anything purple and daisies are just so cheerful .
i glanced around , studying the old wall paper that used to have small yellow daisies on it , but had long ago faded and rubbed away to almost nothing .
within nine months they said their vows amid aunt maggies mammoth flower arrangements , which had required the sequestration of all the yellow roses and daisies in the entire county of hertfordshire .
in celebration of the day she had dressed up in a pretty full - skirted daisy - print dress with a lace - trimmed cardigan , although the low - heeled primrose - toned leather pumps on her feet had more to do with the practical needs of garden visits than high - fashion .
smoothing her dress over her thighs while mentally pulling the petals off one of the daisies that adorned the fabric .
i saw arrangements of roses , daisies , lilies , and that about did it for my knowledge of flowers .
come on , daisy .
when the soft sand turned to wet hard pack from the tide , kira noticed a ring of salt spray roses , poppies , daisies , and seashells a few paces away .
the bright yellow walls , the daisy curtains moving gently in the breeze from the open window over the sink , the chink in the plaster in the ceiling from the time the fire alarm went off while mom was cooking bacon and she hit it with the butt of the fire extinguisher to turn it off and missed on the first whack .
mirabeau , presented with a bouquet of fresh grasses , tiny daisies , and - delicacy of all delicacies - fresh sorrel , bulged her eyes half out of her head , opened her massive jaw , and inhaled the sweet stuff .
her husband had just left for the day , and i filled her vase with fresh water for the white daisies he 'd brought .
the bouquet was a mixture of red , orange , and pink gerbera daisies .
bennett surprised me by bringing a bouquet of daisies to the cemetery .
a teenage girl from the neighborhood filled in on the nights daisy worked ; lesley occasionally helped out , as well .
lesley asked , ignoring daisy 's question .
she twirled to give daisy a look at the simple blue - and - white - patterned dress .
her former fiance was a subject she chose to avoid whenever possible with her friends , especially with daisy , who 'd insisted from the first that tony was all wrong for her .
` ` you agreed we would n't , '' daisy muttered , chewing the cookie , ` ` but i 'll respect your wishes as long as you fill me in on your date last night . ''
lesley had n't stopped to chat with daisy , fearing that sharing her experience would somehow diminish it .
it was too special to share even with daisy .
personally , lesley believed charlie the bartender had a crush on daisy , but she 'd never said as much .
` ` do n't sidetrack me , '' daisy insisted .
chuckling , daisy stood and reached for the cookies .
after shooing daisy out the door , lesley made herself a sandwich and turned on the local noon news .
the fact that daisy could easily see how upset she was fueled her already short temper .
it must have clicked in daisy 's mind all at once because she snapped her fingers and pointed at lesley .
` ` you ' ve got to trust your instincts , '' daisy advised , ` ` and you had a wonderful time with him last night . ''
` ` it does n't unless you need it , '' daisy answered with a hint of sarcasm .
` ` it is n't every man who 's willing to put his life on the line in order to help another human being , '' daisy continued .
` ` i ' m offering you some advice , '' daisy said .
four ` ` hey , '' daisy whispered as chase approached , ` ` this guy is gorgeous .
` ` i 'll talk to you later , '' daisy said as she hurried over to her own house .
` ` it 's just something daisy said to me this afternoon .
` ` i 'll buy you cookies , '' daisy promised , throwing an apologetic look at lesley .
tony had treated daisy 's sons as pests and shooed them away whenever they came around .
lesley had been neighbors and friends with daisy for three years .
there were tears in daisy 's eyes now .
you 're raising two fine boys there , daisy .
lesley was n't expecting to be hugged , but daisy reached for her , nearly squeezing the breath from her lungs .
` ` honestly , daisy , you crack me up . ''
she was astonished by the way daisy always brought the conversation back to chase .
he did n't want me , daisy .
trust me , the minute you show any interest in another man , he 'll be there like stink on- '' ` ` i get the picture , daisy . ''
` ` daisy , he 's looking for a wife . ''
she did n't need daisy to tell her she was setting herself up for heartache .
she opened the door to find daisy standing on the other side .
` ` you look fabulous , darling , '' daisy commented in a lazy drawl .
but daisy ate the cracker anyway .
since her divorce , daisy had sworn off men .
she 'd walked the streets for hours and finally landed in the cocktail lounge where daisy worked weekends as a waitress and charlie tended bar .
` ` i ' m beginning to think daisy might be right about him , '' jo ann said , stabbing her fork into some crabmeat .
lesley grinned as she sat down on the sofa that would soon belong to daisy and her boys .
after wrestling all night with the decision , she got up and tearfully called daisy , sobbing out her sorry tale .
whatever chase said made daisy laugh .
do n't be late , daisy , i ' m going to need all the support i can get . ''
when she and her close friends , including daisy and sons , arrived at the hotel for the simple wedding ceremony , chase had n't been able to take his eyes off her .
` ` i do n't imagine you 're going to do much sight seeing , though , '' daisy added with a suggestive chuckle .
` ` it 's daisy . ''
` ` daisy did n't call for no reason , '' he argued .
` ` okay , i ' m back , '' she told daisy .
she noticed daisy 's hesitation .
` ` i will , '' daisy promised and ended the conversation .
` ` daisy , '' she answered automatically , already missing her neighbor .
` ` daisy , '' pete repeated as if the sound of her name conjured up the image of a movie star .
` ` if you 'd like to talk to someone about me and chase , i suggest you contact daisy instead of tony . ''
` ` daisy still talks about how wonderful you are .
he belted them out in a clear tenor : we two have run about the slopes , and picked the daisies fine ; but we ' ve wandered many a weary foot , since auld lang syne ... chapter 68 when lincoln woke up , it was snowing .
white with little blue daisies .
no one had wanted cats the ages of teenagers , so laura had taken in miss daisy and frumpy .
somehow , miss daisy and frumpy respected that , and all three coexisted nicely .
josie was a marginally better conversationalist than miss daisy , anyhow .
' ava , you 're driving like miss daisy .
she sat on the ground and picked a daisy , tearing the petals off one by one .
she shrugged and picked another daisy .
he sat on the grass a few feet away and uprooted a daisy , starting on the same mindless ritual greta was focused on .
quinn watched layla arrange multicolored daisies in an oversized teacup .
she might ' ve been puffing , sweat might have been dribbling down her temples , but she felt just as fresh and cheerful as a spring daisy .
she looked away from him , toward where lump was rolling in the snow as if it were a meadow of daisies .
fresh white daisies adorned the center of the table .
she could n't imagine who 'd want donald and daisy duck on a wedding invitation .
she 'd chosen white daisies for her wedding bouquet .
as soon as she could , she 'd go to susannah 's garden and change the flower order back to white daisies .
they were filling large baskets with white roses , yellow daisies and sprigs of fern .
yellow daisies , which just happened to be cecilia 's favorite .
she touched the daisies with one fingertip , wondering if this was a message to her .
yellow daisies , her favorite , and big pink tulips and a variety of others .
jon brought a bottle of white wine and a bouquet of yellow daisies .
` ` yep , we had a certified feeding fest with donald and daisy . ''
` ` they 're daisies . ''
it was easy to imagine gatsby and daisy strolling along this promenade in their white finery while children in oversized bathing suits ran giggling across the sand .
a row of daisies with smiling faces .
that she should be as happy as the daisies she 'd captured on the legal pad .
she seemed to be smelling them and she gave a gentle tug to the bunch of ' get well ' balloons attached to a dozen yellow daisies .
god , she wanted to tackle him and roll around in him like a cat in a field of daisies .
more and more often they talked about the old days , back when they 'd been too young to know that they were young , when the whole world had seemed open to them and dreams were as easy to pick as daisies .
daisies , sunflowers , orchids , hyacinth , baby 's breath , princess lilies , violets and frangipanis .
she noticed that the centerpiece on the table was filled with orange and red gerbera daisies .
chapter one daisy i have planned for this day in secret for six long years , i think as i wake up and stretch , a giddy burn in my stomach that might be nerves .
` ` i ' m already sending you to two places , daisy . ''
` ` you can have until ten thirty , daisy .
` ` are you daisy miller ? ''
chapter two daisy i move in with regan and hand over four hundred dollars of my precious cash .
i think other people would adjust to the change in lifestyle quite well , but i ' m just timid daisy , afraid of her own shadow .
yet i still feel like the same , scared little daisy .
the daisy miller of henry james 's story is light and intangible , all beauty and no substance .
it is a good thing , i decide , that i ' ve yet to see daisy fully exposed in the sun .
chapter three daisy he 's not leaving .
be bold , daisy !
duh , daisy .
now i need to fix daisy 's clothing problem .
but if daisy returns to find me here , waiting , i will need a cover story .
i have had little interaction with a girl like daisy .
i do not care what the whores think of me - but with daisy ... with daisy , i care .
i do not care what the whores think of me - but with daisy ... with daisy , i care .
taking her hand , i gently guide daisy to her machine .
my own cheeks feel hot , and i pretend to read my emails while daisy empties the contents of her machine into a plastic basket with broken webbing .
i can feel muscles in her back , which suggests that daisy is strong .
the blades of her shoulders are sharp against my hand , which suggests daisy is not eating enough .
` ` daisy , '' i plead with her .
all the tension built up from fighting the huesos , the cocksucker from earlier , and convincing sweet daisy to come with me melts away .
i swing my leg over the bike and motion for daisy to climb aboard .
i ride slowly through the streets as daisy clings to me .
not wanting daisy to be exposed to the men here , i tell her to remain on the bike and to leave the helmet down .
this is a lie , of course , but daisy simply nods .
inside , i buy daisy a helmet and ask , ` ` i need clothes .
outside , i stand in front of daisy , blocking the shop 's view of her , and i offer her the new helmet .
the light is fading fast , and i do n't want to be out with daisy on my bike when it is too late - when the dangerous drivers are out .
this time , daisy needs no instruction on how to hold me ; her arms wrap around me immediately , and she presses her cheek against the middle of my back .
` ` why cheapest , daisy ? ''
` ` daisy , '' he says quietly .
` ` do you pick out the lowest price item , daisy ? ''
` ` daisy , '' he murmurs , and his fingers touch my chin to make me look up at him .
` ` daisy , there are many things you can call me , but ' kind ' is not one of them . ''
old , timid daisy would never wear such flimsy , sweet , colorful things .
and new daisy wants them more than anything .
` ` nyet , daisy .
so you think i am nice , daisy ?
i wonder if i could ask daisy to help me .
only the best bed for daisy .
as if daisy will ever be in my bed .
not daisy .
aleksandr , daniel , and now daisy .
my evening with daisy will have to be put off .
instead i must contact daisy and ask her for a different date .
i will put this disturbance of my plans with daisy in sergei 's payment column .
the high collar of the businessman 's shirt easily covers the bottom of the mask as well as the dagger at my neck , the one that daisy noticed earlier .
if they threatened daisy , would n't i sell out everyone i knew to save her ?
even though i 'd known daisy but a minute , she was too good not to live .
but if daisy was killed ?
someone like daisy would never , ever spend time with someone like me .
i think of daisy again , of f**king her , of her being angry that i can not marry her .
how does bogdan know of daisy ?
i do not know if daisy has gone to the cafe without me .
i give her my best crestfallen look , the one i saw on daisy 's face when she thought i spent too much money on her at the mall .
i make the gate and arrive in minneapolis without further delay , but i ' ve still missed our date and had no response from daisy .
the crisp night air should be refreshing , but all i can think about is how my sweet daisy would have been here alone , waiting for me .
but thoughts of daisy make me ache .
suddenly , i remember that i have something of daisy 's .
in the back pocket , i pull out the pale pink cotton that once touched daisy 's ass , her p**sy lips , and the soft thatch of hair between her legs .
it is hard to imagine daisy in this place , this desolate space i call my living quarters .
closing my eyes , i fantasize that my hands are daisy 's hands and that i ' ve just removed these panties from her body .
the image shifts and daisy is now sitting on my mattress , watching me tug at my cock .
i 'll never be good enough for daisy but i ache and i am ... lonely .
she looks nothing like daisy .
i glance over my shoulder toward daisy 's apartment .
my daisy is too trusting to peer in windows , looking for me .
i jack myself and think of daisy and the crumpled panties that rest on my washstand .
i want for no one but daisy .
but then , neither is daisy .
chapter five daisy ` ` you sure you want this job , honey ? ''
it 's what the new daisy would do .
old daisy would be terrified , so i wo n't be her .
real smooth , daisy .
` ` why are you here , daisy ? ''
` ` this is not job for woman like you , daisy .
` ` daisy , '' he murmurs , his voice that achingly delicious thrum that i hate myself for liking .
` ` you must let me apologize to you , daisy . ''
` ` this is not job for you , daisy .
` ` my friend daisy . ''
` ` shall we go , daisy ? ''
` ` the wrong is from me , daisy .
poor , stupid little sheltered daisy goes on a date with a man and immediately argues with him about money .
time to be bold daisy and take charge of the situation .
` ` why do you tell me this , daisy ? ''
you deserve the finest things , daisy .
` ` i will kiss you , daisy .
perhaps it is my own wishful thinking , but i ca n't help but wonder what daisy has experienced before me .
everything with daisy is doing something i know i should not .
i do not know for how long daisy will tolerate me ; how long until she starts piecing together all the false threads of the story i ' ve given her .
i almost suffer untold indignities due to my inattention when daisy begins to pay for the tickets .
both the ticket boy and daisy jump .
` ` i am sorry , but you can not pay , daisy . ''
i fold the worn bills and press them back into daisy 's hands .
he quickly obeys , and i grab the tickets and drag daisy behind me .
i have no experience with girls like daisy : honest , sweet , delicious daisy .
i have no experience with girls like daisy : honest , sweet , delicious daisy .
i ' m fairly proud of my effort and smile at daisy , but instead of softening , she looks confused .
as the characters are separated into clear divisions of good and evil , i look at daisy .
something tells me that daisy would not care .
when the movie is over and the lights come on , daisy turns to me with wide - eyed amazement and a smile on her face , and i feign appreciation for the movie .
instead of being angered by my words or arguing with the sentiment , a bleak look passes over daisy 's face .
we drive back to daisy 's apartment in silence .
i have only experience with women who take money from me , but each gift i buy for daisy is one that i must force on her .
in my own apartment , i do not allow myself to look at daisy .
as i click , click , click around the net , i think of my evening with daisy and how terrible i was with her .
there is perhaps one i could ask for help , but to do so could endanger daisy , bring her to another 's notice .
he could know about daisy .
chapter seven daisy regan and i are playing flip cups and drinking .
` ` it 's okay , daisy , '' my father says , and he sounds so , so sad .
` ` you know i come to see you , daisy . ''
` ` hush , daisy .
` ` i am greedy man , daisy .
` ` i am wounded you think such things of me , daisy , '' he says , but there is a boyish grin on his face .
nick has already programmed my name into the phone as d8z , and the background is a picture of white daisies .
chapter eight daisy ` ` come on , pollyanna , '' becca groans .
it would look much better as the background of my phone than the sweet , girly daisies he has set up for me .
why do you not send me a picture of you , daisy ?
nick ( 9:20pm ) : are you all right , daisy ?
it is clear to me that daisy can never be left alone .
the only way i will feel good is when i ' ve removed myself from this box , and i wo n't do that until daisy is ready to leave .
i do not need advice from daniel to know that i can not drag daisy out of this place .
as i rise to walk to the bar top that daisy has left , i feel a hand on my shirt .
he is like that man of daisy 's roommate .
but perhaps it is because he does not have a daisy , someone whose pleasure in everything brings its own delight .
there is a light - fingered hand that rests on daisy 's purse .
i glance quickly at daisy , who is dancing , her skirt twirling around her and her body being watched by so many in this club .
she grimaces and then smiles at me , smoothing down her brown hair with one hand , not moving her other from daisy 's purse .
she intends to either pretend this purse is daisy 's or to try to make a move on me .
i glance again at the dance floor , but daisy has been swallowed up .
i hesitate , wondering if daisy would be upset if i were here .
and i ' ve given daisy multiple opportunities to invite me with her ... none of which she has accepted .
i allow the crowd to hide me as i watch daisy snatch up her purse and head for one of the exits .
i run out the door , unconcerned now what daisy will think of me following her to this club .
i sprint there , and i see daisy struggling in the arms of a man .
he has my daisy .
as i pull him away from daisy , i notice that she tries to swing at him - tries , and fails .
i run my other hand lightly over daisy 's shoulders .
while i was tending to her silly purse ; while i was listening to that mudak inside , this vile creature was making my daisy cry .
it is too close to daisy , so i back off slightly .
` ` i worry about you , daisy , and come to this club . ''
i could easily twist his neck and put an end to his misery , but not while daisy is looking on .
` ` one moment , daisy , '' i say .
i must take care of this trash before i can explain myself to daisy .
there is no real place to hide from daisy 's gaze .
i do not like anyone touching daisy .
i kick him again for disrespecting daisy , and then i let him crumple to the ground .
i felt it , but i had n't looked at my phone , too intent on following daisy outside .
i ' m tired of lying to daisy , so i do n't answer .
i ' ve parked down the street in another rental , something else i will have to explain to daisy .
` ` no , daisy , i am the offense . ''
` ` daisy , '' i say and ask for her to look at me .
` ` i do not live in your apartment , daisy .
` ` i think you are a wonder , daisy .
` ` i will do as much or as little as you want , sweet daisy . ''
` ` are you wearing panties i have bought you , daisy ? ''
i will own this first orgasm of daisy 's .
i could sit in this position for hours if it meant that i could bring daisy to orgasm .
` ` i am so hungry for you , daisy , my teeth ache .
` ` tell me how it feels , daisy , and i will touch you . ''
and you wish for me to guide you to pleasure this time , daisy ?
` ` of this , i do not doubt , lovely daisy . ''
` ` you will give these to me tonight , daisy , '' nick tells me as he tugs at my panties , at one of the small , white bows that are set at each hipbone .
` ` i ' m going to touch you with mouth , daisy . ''
` ` no , daisy , '' he tells me , and his voice is ragged .
` ` sweet daisy , '' he murmurs .
chapter nine daisy now that i have opened pandora 's box , i ca n't go back to the sleep of an innocent .
nick : you are clever , my daisy .
i see you , daisy .
nick : daisy ... do you tease me ?
nick : ah , daisy .
daisy wants to return to the vehicle , and i want to make daisy happy .
i will teach daisy to shoot a gun .
i lead daisy to the passenger side of the car .
i sit straighter , as i know little about daisy 's past .
out of all the stories i imagine daisy sharing with me , none was this one .
` ` he was a minor , and he pled it down to involuntary because he was high on meth , '' daisy looks down , and i feel wet , hot tears splash onto our joined hands .
when i am done with this job for sergei , when i bring retribution to sergei 's house , i will return and find this man and kill him for daisy .
unbuckling my seat belt , i reach over and pull daisy onto my lap .
` ` you ca n't keep buying stuff for me , '' daisy says with exasperation .
this i did not understand about daisy .
silence fills the car , and i wonder what it is that daisy is processing .
i am restless after my drive with daisy .
i have so little of worth to offer daisy .
i want something more with daisy .
but i can not make love to daisy until this matter with sergei is resolved .
it is time to settle these issues so that i can lie down with daisy without fear of danger to her and me .
i 'd need to finish up with mr . brown just to ensure daisy 's safety .
i needed to see daisy shoot a gun .
later , i followed daisy to work that night to ensure that she was safely ensconced inside .
feeling a little better about daisy 's safety , i head to her apartment complex .
mr . brown likely has never pulled any trigger , unlike daisy .
but no , daisy should n't be touching filth belonging to mr . brown .
it will buy me some time with daisy .
i give the dog a pat on the head and go to check on the security feed of daisy 's gas station that i have hacked into .
` ` daisy , i am exhausted , '' i tell her honestly .
this makes daisy blush even harder , although it is nothing but the truth .
we will need to arrange to have provisions brought to us every few hours , for i suspect that once i have daisy , i will think of nothing else but having her again and again until our muscles are jelly and even the ability to think will have been suspended .
i can not place daisy in any danger , and thus i must remain vigilant at all times .
i ' ve seen it before , but being in daisy 's bedroom is completely different than staring at it through a scope .
i know daisy is nervous , so i lie down in the bed , my hands tucked behind my head .
chapter ten daisy my mind is troubled as i head to the bathroom and change into a sleep shirt .
` ` i enjoy the feel of your body against mine , daisy .
` ` daisy , '' he murmurs , and his voice is thick .
` ` do you want to touch me , daisy ?
` ` it is a cock , daisy .
` ` bozhe moi , daisy .
` ` take me in your mouth , daisy , '' he tells me .
` ` ah , daisy , '' he grits .
` ` are you sore , daisy ? ''
` ` do you put an ultimatum on me , daisy ? ''
i do this for you , daisy .
` ` i do not think you realize , daisy .
chapter eleven daisy ` ` man , this weather is awful . ''
` ` you are very sweet , little daisy miller .
` ` can you not guess , little innocent daisy ?
chapter twelve nikolai i do not like leaving daisy to fly to seattle to study and plan for the hit i will carry out for the watchmakers , but it seems important that i obtain the details necessary to carry out this contract .
i want to make sure daisy is taken care of .
not having a good story thought up about the dog , i ' ve kept his existence a secret from daisy .
if he needs me , i will be in seattle and away from daisy .
on my way to russia , i will need to stop in switzerland , make a visit to the bank and ensure that daisy can access the funds whenever she likes .
provide for daisy .
i push away from the desk and lift my phone to text daisy .
no , peace is life with daisy , on her farm , watching her grow round with my child .
first , by taking down this trauma surgeon and then by eliminating sergei in such a way that daisy and i would be untouchable .
but i have the information now , secrets like the ones sergei has on so many others , and that information will be used to buy safety for daisy and myself .
this would take at least forty - eight hours , but for now , i will return to home , report back to neuchatel , and hold daisy .
i could be gone for up to two weeks , but i could n't leave daisy for that long .
not daisy but it is early yet .
thoughts of daisy warm in her bed arouse me .
the remembrance of my fingers inside daisy rocks me .
she is eager , my daisy .
my hand is no replacement for daisy , and i feel myself harden again , just at the thought of her name .
i can not wait for daisy much longer .
the bed beckons to me , and with the phone in one hand and the other languidly jacking my cock , i think of daisy until i drift off .
it is from daisy 's number .
he must have daisy .
i can not think of daisy like that .
` ` i ' ve not taken her , your daisy , because she 's a virgin . ''
i open my laptop and pull up the gps of daisy 's phone .
and i wonder if there are any other daisies out there , huddled in warehouses , while nick sits at a folding card table and waits for the captive to emerge from the bathroom .
i ruthlessly push aside daisy 's screams of pain and her ugly tears .
i refuse to replay the words of sergei as he talked so casually of raping daisy and of selling her to a syphilis - ridden pervert in dubai .
after that ... well , after that i would enact a vengeance upon the house of petrovich and anyone else who had touched daisy .
my god , daisy .
i lurch back to the car and pick up the video screen and watch as yury forces his finger inside my daisy 's mouth ; i watch as her tears and terror are captured by some laughing , cock - sucking , miserable human being who will be flayed by my knife as soon as i reach them .
the sound cuts out , and i ca n't hear her scream as a knife is produced , but i cry out when a close up of daisy 's finger being cut off flashes across the screen .
the gps location of daisy 's phone is squarely inside the estate .
it 's possible that sergei had the phone and that he has stashed daisy somewhere else , but he has to know that i am coming , and so he has retreated inside his castle .
an image of daisy as she found her first orgasm with my tongue pressed against her fluttering cl*t teases at the fringes of my mind .
the video that was sent to me has the voices of men in the background over the soundtrack of daisy 's tears and cries .
i can take daniel , not because i know i am stronger or faster than him , but because through him is daisy .
nothing , no daisy .
if they had daisy , i would come up , but i say nothing .
i know where daisy is .
i could n't break my cover and leave daisy .
if only my daisy was n't in the hands of a f**king madman , i would think this is funny , but i do n't .
so , we will help you recover your daisy .
the name of nikolai andrushko will be wiped out of the books , and you and your daisy will cease to exist to us , just as we will cease to exist for you .
my daisy taken because sergei feels his position at the top of the bratva is imperiled ?
` ` because the more time you spend in the tunnel , the greater the risk to daisy . ''
at best , you have a suicide mission on your hands - at worst , you die at the front gates and daisy is passed around to the guards until she wants to kill herself . ''
` ` you okay back there , daisy ? ''
relying on another sits uncomfortably upon my shoulders , but i have no other choice , at least not one which will see both daisy and me alive at the end .
no one i trust - and i barely trust vasily or daniel - is with daisy , but they both assure me that sergei is serious about maintaining her virginity for the purpose of the sale .
i can not decide whether daisy would want me to use every resource at my disposal to free her .
sitting outside his lover 's apartment , taking photographs like a low - grade shpion , demeans both of us , but if i had to eat the garbage in the holes in ukraine to recover daisy , i would do so .
we are just missing two pieces : daisy and sergei .
i must leave daisy to daniel and vasily .
i do not want to sleep because i know daisy is out there , in danger .
the scenes from the video replay in my head and the screams i imagined daisy must have made when she feared they would take her finger make me want to bend the car in half .
it 's larger than i would like for daisy , but i can help hold it when she shoots sergei .
the drive from the petrovich compound is only half an hour , but i suppose vasily must mobilize the transport for daisy .
` ` because that is for daisy . ''
then you endanger everyone by taking daisy . ''
` ` daisy needs to see you die so that in the night , when it is dark , she can know that she does not need to be afraid . ''
` ` you let them touch my daisy . ''
` ` daisy , '' he groans , and he leans in to kiss me .
` ` my sweet daisy . ''
revenge is for daisy alone .
` ` and what would i say to you , little daisy ? ''
` ` it is your choice , daisy .
` ` rest for a moment daisy .
the warmth of the blanket and perhaps the enveloping comfort of the sofa allows daisy to relax .
i flick a finger at him but say nothing so as not to bother daisy .
after the door closes behind him , i kneel down by daisy 's side again .
a mew of pain emanates from daisy , and i realize i ' ve squeezed her too tightly .
` ` do you understand , daisy ? ''
he was right to make me leave , but i would ' ve done it again if i had the chance , daisy .
i know not what daisy thinks as she has been quiet since i ' ve told her the story .
when daisy comes out of the bathroom in a white robe , i offer her some clothes i ' ve brought for her .
` ` daisy , '' he murmurs .
` ` daisy , you know the truth .
he gives us one week for daisy 's bruises to heal .
my attention is focused on daisy .
before daniel left , daisy makes him vow to find regan .
` ` your name , daisy miller , it is the character in a famous story , yes ? ''
i do not tell her that the daisy miller in the story is an incorrigible flirt looked down upon or made fun of by everyone around her .
my mom said i was named after all the wild daisies that grew on the farm . ''
there , daisy and i will take a charter jet to switzerland .
i ' ve bundled daisy into a borrowed fur .
everything that daisy and i brought to russia will remain here .
` ` i ' ve got a lead on regan , '' daniel says to daisy .
leaving a small bit of me here in russia is not that big of a sacrifice when i get daisy in return .
inside , i sit next to daisy .
there is no one but daisy and me and the pilot .
the flight to zurich passes quickly , but the whole time i can think of nothing else but daisy nak*d in a big bed .
i notice daisy looking in wonderment at the crystal chandeliers and the acres of marble floors .
` ` not you , my daisy . ''
once we are inside the hotel suite , i draw daisy into my arms .
` ` yes , yes , daisy . ''
i have been alone for so many years , and i do not know how i can go on if daisy rejects me .
i hear a swish against the heavy egyptian cotton sheets as daisy stands , and then i feel the heat of her body as it nears mine .
my daisy .
the tears subside eventually , and daisy pulls out of my arms to lie on her back .
my lack of concern over this is bothering daisy , so i pull the bank book out of her hand and lay it on the table .
some of those shops had no price tags , which made it easier for me to buy clothes for daisy without argument .
and since many of the shops had agreements with the banks in the financial district , i merely signed a discreet credit slip without daisy noticing .
chapter sixteen daisy when we return to the states , we go to my apartment .
` ` this is where you lived , daisy ? ''
` ` this is what i do , daisy .
my greatest fear is that the terror of the nights in russia will fade and daisy 's understandable revulsion will rise up and drive her away from me .
the gps marker i placed in his car two months ago , before daisy was kidnapped , before my life changed irrevocably , lights up and moves .
i turn out of the building and head out of seattle - and back toward daisy .
` ` those are n't bathtubs , '' daisy ruffles my hair like i ' m an innocent , mischievous child .
` ` i ' m done with the killing , daisy .
her father has not had the cathartic release that daisy had with sergei , and although i promise her no more killing , one last hit must be carried out in order for her family to be happy and free .
i broach the subject with daisy because i can not lie to her ever again .
` ` your father , daisy , '' i take her hands in mine as we sit one winter night in front of the fireplace .
i am glad daisy is asleep so she can not see that i have drugged and disabled her father like this .
i do not know if he is as strong as daisy .
i wonder if i could even return home to daisy .
his hands tremble as they reach for the door , and i see where daisy gets her strength .
later , i will probably wish i had brought daisy , just so she could see this .
i refuse to imagine what madness i would be driven to if i lost daisy .
i ' ve installed a security system for him and daisy , and i hope one day he will be able to leave the property all together .
but daisy feels comfortable starting a new life here .
i will tell daisy this later .
i like to say that frequently - before daisy , i never had a home .
` ` daisy , i like this chair .
` ` daisy , when we are home , will you make me those potato pancakes ? ''
and at night , ` ` daisy , the walls of our home are brick .
none of the furniture daisy and i have ordered will be here until the following day .
` ` i bought this building , '' i confess to daisy .
and then i allow sleep to overtake me , and there , in my dreams , i take daisy again and again and again .
` ` if my daisy wants pleasure , '' he says , and his voice is a low , thickly accented thrum , ` ` i will give it to her . ''
` ` my daisy , '' he groans , and he begins to kiss a trail down my belly .
` ` beautiful , precious , wondrous daisy .
` ` my daisy , '' he says , his lips moving against my mouth .
when we 're ready , we 'll move forward , and i 'll be daisy anders , wife to nick anders .
` ` my sweet , wonderful daisy .
eventually , though , he asks , ` ` do you regret your life with me , daisy ?
` ` you are too good , my daisy . ''
finally , she chose a pair of pink pants decorated with daisy appliques and a blue toy story tee shirt .
pity i 'll have to let go of daisy for a while , as well as my newest conquest . ''
how does the sweet daisy fare ? ''
but once the marriage is sealed , i 'll be setting up daisy in her own house . ''
` ` you mean daisy is the lucky one ? ''
he had given her a bouquet of daisies and kissed her on the cheek .
mom 's latest boyfriend had been drunk , and i 'd ended up taking a swing at him when he 'd called my seven - year - old sister , daisy , a chickenshit for spilling her glass of orange juice .
however , watching daisy flinch and her eyes fill up with tears i knew she would n't shed for fear of getting slapped caused my blood to boil .
when i left , it would be up to jimmy to make sure daisy was safe .
` ` when 's daisy 's next doctor 's appointment ? ''
i finished peeling the orange and grabbed a paper towel , then handed it to daisy .
` ` dammit , daisy , why you have to go and tell him that ? ''
but i had to share my fries with daisy 'cause she forgot to ask for some and wanted some once i got mine .
` ` who 's daisy ? ''
` ` momma did n't come home last night , and daisy has a real bad fever .
if something happened to daisy because of her neglect , i was going to kill her .
i hated to run off on her when she was just being nice , but daisy needed me .
i pulled up to the trailer and reminded myself that getting daisy to the hospital was all that mattered .
` ` hey , amanda , '' brent said as he looked up at us from his spot beside daisy .
you 're doing a really good job , '' she praised him , then walked over to the bed and touched daisy 's head .
` ` give daisy to me .
i gave her daisy , who went willingly .
they could tell me to move if they wanted to , but i was getting daisy inside first .
the nurse glanced back at me holding daisy and motioned me toward her .
then i 'd seen daisy and my own panic had risen , but i 'd managed to remain calm .
i left jimmy and brent in front of the television with sodas and bags of chips i 'd bought from the vending machine , then headed back to find preston and daisy .
we stepped behind the curtain and found preston pacing at the foot of the bed while daisy slept peacefully .
amanda had fallen asleep reading to daisy , and the book lay across her stomach .
by the time we 'd gotten daisy back here and i 'd tracked down my mom , daisy was determined she was keeping amanda .
so amanda had gone to pick up a few things , including several of her favorite childhood books , while daisy took an afternoon nap .
it had given me time to call my mom and get the boys back to her while i kept daisy .
even if she allowed me to the boys were better off separated from daisy while she was sick .
she blinked several times , then turned her head to check on daisy , who was curled up sleeping peacefully beside her .
amanda reached over and brushed the hair out of daisy 's face and checked her temperature with the back of her hand before slowly getting up .
` ` yeah , daisy kept you pretty busy . ''
she had no idea how much it had meant to daisy .
actually , i wanted her in my bed , but daisy was kind of occupying that at the moment .
` ` did your mom come up and check on daisy ? ''
i was just curious because daisy never once asked about her mom or spoke of her today .
` ` you are the first woman to ever spend any time with daisy .
` ` i want to go cuddle up to daisy and hold her .
and tomorrow i would give daisy every second of my attention when i was n't in classes .
she was still here , or daisy was talking to herself .
i opened the door slowly to find amanda sitting on the bed with daisy .
they were talking quietly , but whatever they were talking about was making daisy laugh .
i had to keep my hands off amanda in front of daisy .
` ` hey , my daisy may .
` ` daisy may , why do n't you watch a little television while i go fix you some breakfast and see amanda off to school .
i had promised to do daisy 's hair , and if i was completely honest with myself , i was anxious to see preston again .
i ca n't leave daisy here alone . ''
i was planning on spending the rest of the day with daisy , so it 's no problem .
the guilt of having lied to amanda and left her there taking care of daisy was bad enough .
` ` bring daisy home .
` ` i 'll bring daisy home tonight if i think she is okay .
glancing over at daisy , who was now watching the television again after explaining to me that this girl was a bunch of kids ' nanny and a couple of them were adopted , i eased off the bed .
i went over to the fridge and pulled out the fried chicken and biscuits that daisy had helped me make earlier .
` ` daisy helped me , '' i told him .
i opened the fridge and shoved the bud lights to the back of the fridge and moved the orange juice in front of them before daisy noticed .
` ` actually , daisy , i think he looks nice all the time .
preston 's eyes went wide at daisy 's statement .
i was n't ready to give daisy back to that woman .
he put the phone down and looked over at daisy .
tears stung my eyes , and i had to walk away before i started crying and daisy saw me .
the idea of sending daisy back to that old , dirty trailer with a momma who did n't care was horrible .
i 'd started to ask him about it when the bathroom door opened and daisy stood there frowning up at us .
` ` all right , my daisy may , let me finish eating , and then we will go . ''
amanda had left when i went to take daisy home .
then you and daisy sit together in the living room .
is daisy okay ? ''
amanda i held daisy 's cotton candy ice - cream cone while she ran over to the slide to go down it another time .
brent and daisy were too young to think about the legal issues .
` ` you better stop and eat it , daisy , before it just melts away , '' jimmy told her .
` ` i do n't know a lot about heaven , daisy .
` ` church does n't have all the answers , daisy .
he kept his gaze on daisy .
` ` i saw daisy , and i wanted her immediately .
` ` daisy wrapped him around her little finger in minutes , and he agrees that jimmy is you made over , so of course he loved him .
i had n't heard from daisy or the boys since the day in the park .
i 'd hoped daisy would call me , but i knew they were settling in with preston and dealing with things .
trisha would love daisy .
she 'd be the momma that daisy deserved .
then we 'd painted daisy 's room a pale yellow , and trisha had insisted she have a canopy bed .
she resembled trailer trash barbie in her tight lime - green jeans and the cropped daisy duke top that showed both her belly - button ring and a prodigious amount of silicone cl**vage .
she wore a pair of daisy dukes that showed off her long - stemmed legs , a little red bandanna halter - top , and a brand - new , sassy layered hairdo .
` ` well , look who just turned up pretty as a daisy .
` ` one time last year , she and takumi and i were at the smoking hole , and there was this little white daisy on the bank of the creek , and all of a sudden she just jumped waist - deep into the water and waded across and grabbed it .
twelve oblong petals around a filled - in circle against the daisy - white paint , and daisies , white daisies , and i could hear her saying , what do you see , pudge ?
twelve oblong petals around a filled - in circle against the daisy - white paint , and daisies , white daisies , and i could hear her saying , what do you see , pudge ?
twelve oblong petals around a filled - in circle against the daisy - white paint , and daisies , white daisies , and i could hear her saying , what do you see , pudge ?
he was quiet for a long time , and i looked down at alaska 's last daisy and waited for him to ask what the prank was , and i would have told him , but i just heard him breathe slowly into the phone , and then he said , ` ` i wo n't even ask .
he noticed the fallen bud vase and absently righted it , picking up the small daisy it had held .
he twiddled the daisy 's stem between his fingers , shedding white petals on the rug .
` ` other than my mother , i ' ve never so much as given a daisy to a woman before . ''
decorative indoor shrub beds have been overrun with wild daisies .
she spins the daisies in her hands , sniffs one .
she reaches down and sticks a daisy into my folded hands , then giggles .
' a daisy is a flower . '
an angry voice from a fifth - floor window yells something about curfew and shutting the door and not talking to strangers , so i wave to the kids and hurry off towards daisy and devil .
she reaches into her pocket and pulls out a wilted airport daisy with four petals remaining .
glass doors led from the kitchen to the sunroom , complete with wicker furniture , bookcases , and vases of daisies spilling through the room .
the bedspread , a fetching shade of pink with big white daisies , was new , as was the matching pink throw rug .
` ` there must be something of value , daisy mae , or you would n't have asked lil abner to haul it all the way from the other side of the island . ''
combined with the wine he 'd drunk so fast , he must be dizzy as a daisy in the wind .
her bright , beautiful , almost grown daughter looked like a little kid again , curled up , crying , holding daisy doggy as if it were a talisman , and maybe it was .
` ` she needs her daisy doggy .
but every time she looked down at the quilted pink leather in her hands , she thought of the stuffed puppy mia had loved , daisy doggy , and the footed jammies she 'd worn as a child and the color her daughter 's cheeks had been yesterday ... ` ` it 's my fault , not lexi 's , '' zach said miserably .
` ` what 's all the- '' he saw his dad , holding daisy doggy , crying , and zach started to back up .
great , i look like a hag , smell even worse , and he looks as fresh as a daisy .
her thumb and forefinger closed around the dead stem of a shasta daisy .
her thoughts scrolled back to the garden , to a handful of straggling shasta daisies , and a small , black - gloved hand .
he plucked a small white daisy from the grass near her feet and handed it to her - the petals were streaked with pollen , fallen from the delicate stamens in the round yellow center of the bloom .
had i had such a thing , i reflected , uncle lamb would have filled it with potsherds long before i could have got near it with a bunch of daisies .
there was a small clump of daisies sheltering in the lee of an outcrop near my hand , and i reached to pluck one .
there was a faint whir , and the daisy leaped off its stem and landed on my knee .
his face was paler than the daisies at his feet , and tiny droplets of sweat trickled down into his beard .
no natural horseman , he always looked like a monkey trained to ride a horse , but still managed to dismount fresh as a daisy at day 's end , while i could barely manage to hobble my horse before staggering off to collapse .
i heard him playing daisy bell today and recognized it right away . ''
chapter fifteen pagan the little yellow daisy i 'd picked out of momma 's bouquet from her boyfriend looked kind of pitiful without all its petals .
the damaged daisy floated for a moment as the fast stream washed it away until i saw it slowly sink to the shallow muddy floor .
so what are his hands like , daisy ? ''
sam sometimes called her ` ` daisy '' as a play on the last syllable of her name .
trisha spends as much time fixing daisy 's hair as she does fixing her own .
` ` i ca n't wait to see daisy .
then when his little girl , daisy climbed up in his lap , he morphed into a teddy bear with tattoos .
preston had his younger brother in a headlock while his younger sister , daisy , pulled on his long hair .
i watched rock 's face as daisy called him daddy , and the emotion in his eyes had me blinking back tears .
i ' m curling preston 's hair , '' daisy called out , and amanda moved from her seat beside her mother , who she had been talking to and over to daisy .
i ' m curling preston 's hair , '' daisy called out , and amanda moved from her seat beside her mother , who she had been talking to and over to daisy .
trisha is fixing daisy 's hair again .
trisha will send daisy down and then it 's you two . ''
y' all make sure daisy follows me , '' she said , smiling .
` ` it 's your turn , daisy mae . ''
grace carried two bouquets of spring flowers , daisies and lilies and bright yellow primroses making a gay splash of color in her arms .
you might as well be sitting on the front porch picking petals off a daisy . ''
somewhere up there sat the shadow of a thin , bold - eyed girl on a pebbly beach , tearing the petals off a daisy , chanting he loves me ; he loves me not .
shasta daisies grew in huge , hip - high mounds , drawing every bee on the place .
dean was standing there , holding a bouquet of shasta daisies wrapped in tinfoil .
` ` do you still like daisies ? ''
they were as opposite as a rose was to a daisy .
gerard was very fond of daisies .
the woman slumped at those words , her head drooping like a limp daisy , silent tears coursing down her cheeks .
then the daisy duke 's she was wearing made my mini skirt look classy .
the rabbit was holding a daisy with the words love you emblazoned across its center .
the ones that look like white daisies are feverfew .
she reached into one of the shopping sacks and pulled out a tiny pink dress , tracing the white daisies stitched along the collar and hem .
it might as well have been a daisy duke convention .
` ` dr . dodson gave us your size , miss , '' said an elderly woman , whose name tag identified her as daisy .
` ` the changing room is this way , '' daisy said as she guided her down the dimly lit mall corridor .
` ` i ca n't tell you how pleased we are that you agreed to do this , '' daisy was telling her .
` ` only ... santa will be on ground level , '' daisy explained .
` ` do n't misunderstand me , '' daisy hurried to say .
` ` we want you to be as safe as possible , '' daisy said in a confiding voice .
` ` okay , boys , '' daisy whispered and stepped back .
` ` play to the crowd , '' daisy instructed in a loud stage whisper .
when cassie had finished dressing , she left her outfit neatly on a ledge near the sink and wrote daisy a note explaining why the shoes and tights were in the garbage .
` ` i think they 're daisies .
when i read the actual story - how gatsby loves daisy so much but ca n't ever be with her no matter how hard he tries - i feel like ripping the book in half and calling up fitzgerald and telling him his book is all wrong , even though i know fitzgerald is probably deceased .
especially when gatsby is shot dead in his swimming pool the first time he goes for a swim all summer , daisy does n't even go to his funeral , nick and jordan part ways , and daisy ends up sticking with racist tom , whose need for sex basically murders an innocent woman , you can tell fitzgerald never took the time to look up at clouds during sunset , because there 's no silver lining at the end of that book , let me tell you .
especially when gatsby is shot dead in his swimming pool the first time he goes for a swim all summer , daisy does n't even go to his funeral , nick and jordan part ways , and daisy ends up sticking with racist tom , whose need for sex basically murders an innocent woman , you can tell fitzgerald never took the time to look up at clouds during sunset , because there 's no silver lining at the end of that book , let me tell you .
` ` i know that you like helium balloons and pink gerbera daisies .
i know that you like truffles , '' he shoved the gift - wrapped box , which probably contained truffles , and wilted pink daisies into her arms .
if i 'd bought it , you would have two daisies , honey .
luckily , daisy , as she called her car , seemed to be dependable and loyal but was in no stretch of the imagination a man magnet unless it was a repairman .
not bothering to correct her , claire called out one last goodbye to louise and made her way out the door to where daisy was patiently waiting .
even though daisy was dependable , she 'd lost her beauty long ago and luxury was never part of the package .
she took the bouquet hesitantly , glancing from the multicolored gerbera daisies to his face .
but colin had shortened the stems on her daisies , put them in a whisky glass , and set the glass on a black granite coffee table tucked into the curve of the sectional .
the daisies brought warmth and hominess to what was otherwise a rather intimidating space .
he 'd already won her over on that score with the bouquet of daisies from the pike place market .
` ` drive safely , miss daisy '' -it was an old joke but they both smiled- '' and remember josh from the apple commission will be here at nine for a meeting .
` ` hey , daisy , '' meredith said , still frowning .
now it was barely noon and she was already exhausted as she hit the intercom button and said , ` ` daisy , i ' m going home for lunch .
` ` thank you , daisy , but i ' m fine . ''
` ` i know , daisy .
she went upstairs for some clothes , and while she was there , she called daisy and asked her to make an emergency appointment with dr . burns .
did daisy get an appointment for my mom ? ''
` ` i ' m going to the house for lunch , daisy .
meredith looked up just in time to see daisy waltz in carrying a manila folder .
she 'd known daisy since childhood , and hesitant she was not .
` ` can you get dr . burns on the phone for me , daisy ? ''
a moment later , daisy put through the call and jim answered .
almost simultaneously , daisy walked into her office .
thanks , daisy . ''
what had daisy been saying ?
meredith considered that daisy had been around the whitsons for as long as anyone could remember .
at five o'clock , she gave up the pretense and left the office , saying , ` ` daisy , will you run the warehouse check for me ?
` ` and i found out from daisy that mom was sick when she married dad .
maybe let daisy run belye nochi .
the wrap shows a mature ( read : aarp member age ) couple rolling in an intimate embrace in a meadow filled with daisies .
my own gaze ca n't break away from my mom 's face , contorted with pleasure as her man 's hand disappears below her waist and is obscured by a bunch of daisies .
she 'd named the girl daisy because of the flower - like white splotch on her forehead .
before she left she checked on daisy and ... that guy really needed a name .
he pried his arm free and flung a fistful of daisies to their makeshift bed below .
coral imagined herself in a wide - brimmed hat and an old apron , cutting some type of flower - perhaps daisies .
she looked fresh as a daisy in a yellow - print knit dress that displayed her lithe , compact body to perfection .
she was trying to earn their respect and she 'd pulled a daisy duke move .