they loved unconditionally , spoiled their grandchildren rotten , and would let them eat sweets even if vegetables were skipped over .
although he had a plate of rich tiramisu in front of him , he was n't really into sweets himself , but when she picked up her fork and took a bite of that dessert , he almost groaned out loud .
i barely touched my entree and satiated my gnawing appetite for sweets .
julian envisioned a midnight picnic on the beach , complete with sweets and champagne .
jennifer was effusively welcoming , especially when she eyed over the sweets fletcher had brought .
she rattled off a starter , a main dish , and sweets , as well .
accepting the basket of sweets she 'd asked cook to prepare , alexandra climbed into her carriage the next morning , determined to call upon tony in blatant defiance of jordan 's orders .
i manage to wake up enough to be good company as we drink our coffee and eat sweets .
he was hungry for the sweets on the plate , but did n't want to eat them .
* * * a few hours , and several dozen customers , later , the bell dings above the door as caleb saunters into succulent sweets , carrying a brown paper sack .
we ' ve never stocked sweets , crisps or puddings in this house , unless we 're entertaining , of course . ''
` ` you ' ve had enough sweets , '' she said softly , praying max would accept her response and go back to playing with the magnetized checkers she 'd bought him at wal - mart .
` ` he 's had enough sweets . ''
` ` i think he 's sneaking sweets . ''
` ` would you like some sweets ? ''
she had been eating way too many sweets , but she could n't seem to help it .
the three of them giggle as they try desperately to scarf down the rest of the sweets .
` ` i feel a little ill from eating too many sweets , '' i put a hand to my stomach .
the sweets are delicious and i confess i make quite a beast of myself .
jeanette took her glass and sipped delicately ; her teeth were already on edge from all the sweets .
much later , after all the sweets had been served and washed down with gallons of surnmerwine , the food was cleared and the tables shoved back against the walls to make room for the dancing .
later , after sweets and nuts and cheese had been served and cleared away , margaery and tommen began the dancing , looking more than a bit ridiculous as they whirled about the floor .
knowing the tastes of their masters , the footmen brought the duke d'orleans pastries and sweets , lorraine a joint of rare beef .
the arbors hung heavy with fruit and sweets tied with gold thread .
edith led me into the dining parlor , and we went to the sideboard where all manner of small cakes and sweets were waiting to be selected .
through a slit in the gauze i could make out the dining room , set up with a mountain of fruits and sweets .
there are rainbow colored soups , fish that do not look like any fish from my world , roasted fowl , and sweets everywhere .
plates of sweets were brought and removed , her glass was filled and refilled , and as the evening progressed uthers body seemed to inch nearer to hers , his face ever closer to her own .
he really hoped she would manage to keep down the sweets she had just enjoyed .
everyone began arriving around nine and the house filled with salads , sweets , and an immense variety of alcohols .
her expression was pinched from too much worrying and the stomach showed that she enjoyed her sweets too much .
she 's a dream at sweets , '' alex assured him with a smile .
she waved to indicate the banquet she 'd prepared for him , sweets and delicacies that were rarely allowed at his home .
the table was overflowing with cakes , sweets and drinks , and we were digging in happily .
you want everything and so you make this giant rainbow mess of a cone and gorge yourself on sweets until you ca n't even think anymore .
and aside of that , it was a well - known fact that her cook made the best , most unique biscuits and sweets .
there is n't much else to do , since i ' ve already baked enough sweets for an entire year and i ' ve ran no less than four miles today .
soon , there was meat roasting in multiple fires , vegetables bubbling , and sweets being stirred in pots .
we go about the neighborhood on christmas eve , when a light snow is falling , singing carols and wassails , and on christmas day we have a huge spread of goose and ham , with potatoes , gravy , pudding , and sweets .
i ' m not talking about eating too many sweets and having a heart attack .
the guests welcomed the onslaught of sweets .
then the train of children stopped near a huge table laden with wonderful effervescent drinks , all sorts of ice - cream and chocolates and sweets to satisfy all tastes .
the bodyguard rushed off to the bar and brought back the most wonderful wine and sweets .
he remembered roast quail with mushrooms and wine with the relish of a child remembering the sweets of a harvest festival .
maybe we can have sweets once a week , as a compromise ?
he pushed the thought away as darlena walked back into the hall , her arms laden with platters of sweets .
you re lucky you re only missing out on sweets and cakes .
let 's go back in , '' i remembered the untouched plate of sweets .
she hesitated with the sweets as if unsure who to serve first .
alice was now offering the tray of sweets to frost and me .
that being said , however , it was not just sweets for the not - so - sweet that he was bringing with him .
no one could do more than pick at this dish , or the course of sweets that followed : seedcake , and sticky - sweet dumplings in syrup , filled with a thick red paste .
spicy fish salads , a dozen kinds of cheese , pickled vegetables , roasted chicken , sliced beef , stuffed eggs , several loaves of bread , and a variety of sweets .
wadsworth returned with a tray of sweets , and sarah could contain her amazement no longer .
after the sweets were served , the auletrides retired .
using the paper as a plate , they picked up the sweets and ate with gentle mindfulness these sweets had been made with the last remaining grams of powder mix in the house .
sweetnins a local word for sweets / desserts .
even in the evenings , he 'd often be called to serve at a banquet , though he usually left before the wine drinking really started , after the sweets had been set out on the tables .
beside the sweets a pewter teapot chuffed mild steam and pleasant fragrance .
the blood and brains on the wall of the presidential sweet .
` ` well , i want sweets . ''
rose - marie introduced the property with a slice of history : now , my great - great - great grandfather , crudite meuniere , raped cherisse 's great - great - great - great grandmother , galette meuniere , who was enslaved on this plantation , and she had a child , and so cherisse and i are also related , rose - marie said , matter - of - factly , while shoving a tray of some freshly - made sweets at us .
we had far too many sweets in the cinema ; i knew i should nt have topped up with popcorn and ice cream .
piper , linda , molly and a fourth girl by the name of leah ate sweets while doing a poor job of hiding the champagne they secretly poured into their punch cups .
her mother sensibly follows his advice , and quietly devours the sweets , for another such opportunity seemed far away , not until shabuls wedding at least .
you can see the anticipation in their eyes as you unscrew the lids for their sweets , and the look of concentration on their wee faces , as you slowly count them out , is one of my greatest pleasures .
sam stared out toward the driveway for a few minutes , thinking again of her resolve to get sweets sweets underway .
sam stared out toward the driveway for a few minutes , thinking again of her resolve to get sweets sweets underway .
if he kept bringing her sweets , he might have to make room for her in more ways than one .
later , emily groused that she wished they had brought some sweets , wondering how far it was to the nearest ice cream parlor .
do you remember taking me down to the ice cream stand even though mom said no sweets ?
except for his limited enthusiasm for art , he was a bore with vacuous eyes who never wondered about anything beyond the arrival of the next plate of sweets .
during the small talk , which went well into the drinking of the tea and eating of the afternoon sweets , mcfergus could smell supper cooking somewhere in the house , and decided that he d try to keep this interview to a reasonable length .
she saw his mouth open and knew he was about to say something about her eating all the sweets .
grace could nt think of any reasons , perhaps the employees did nt get a big enough discount on flamingo sweets ?
so he started working his way through his plate of sweets as emma cooed at the baby .
tiny white cups of nuts arranged in neat rows and plain potato chips offered the guests a salty treat to offset the sweets .
avoiding her oatmeal topped with sliced banana breakfast and substituting it with a chocolate jolt meant she 'd crave sweets for the rest of the day .
he had the usual appetite of a still - growing young man and christiana knew if she was willing to share him with the lobster patties and sweets she could learn what peter knew of lord morgan .
she hurried peter through the sweets , anxious to find one of the small tables for two free , so she could speak with him privately .
should there be more savories than sweets ?
shall we join the others and treat ourselves to the wonderful sweets the dukes chef promised ?
they all sat at the big kitchen table most of the day , listening to family stories and devouring the never - ending plates of meats , cheeses , vegetables and sweets that mrs . collins made sure kept finding their way to the table .
` ` my mother always serves seven sweets and seven sours , '' cass said .
the footman bowed and left them to enjoy their sweets .
` ` perhaps you could have someone fetch the children some refreshments and sweets while they wait ? ''
` ` the thing is , mom , jack and i are trying to avoid sweets . ''
the feast , held in the ancient guildhall , was exactly as grey had predicted : long , eye - glazingly boring , and featuring course after course of roast pork , boiled beef , gravied mutton , roasted pheasants , sliced ham , braised quail , grilled fish , eggs in aspic and in pies , shellfish in soup , in pastry , and on the half shell , plus sundry savories , syllabubs , and sweets , all served on a weight of silver plate sufficient to purchase a small country and washed down with gallons of wine , drunk in a succession of endless toasts in honor of everyone from frederick , king of prussia , king george of england , and duke ferdinand down to - grey was sure - the kitchen cat , though by the time this point in the proceedings was reached , no one was paying sufficient attention as to be sure .
watch her enjoy the games and sweets and see for himself that she was well .