she was pretty sure he had n't had to deal with a lot of penises that resembled enormous eggplants in his career .
as she finally lifted the bite of eggplant to her mouth , she caught sight of rob 's face .
he asked , picking up a large purple vegetable alana guessed was an eggplant .
come over here and flip these every few minutes , '' he said and handed her the spatula to turn the eggplant that was simmering in a wine sauce .
the eggplant looked perfect and gus tossed the salad .
placing the chicken , eggplant and salad on two plates , gus topped off their wine glasses , then loaded everything onto a tray and carried it into the living room where the fire was already crackling .
eggplants and a few tomatoes ? ''
i pointed my chopsticks at his face , barely able to understand him around all the spicy eggplant .
a clear crystal virgin lighter , about the size of an eggplant wobbled when she sat behind her desk .
grabbing a couple of eggplants and a fistful of carrots from a metal shelf , she took them over to the sink and washed them .
her hair appeared a darker eggplant color , instead of the bright red he 'd seen the other day .
` ` eggplant .
i instinctively crossed my arms over my torso , my hot face turning every shade of humiliation from rose to eggplant , i was sure .
mama 's face turns the color of eggplant to match her dress .
without a moment 's sympathy , mom launches into her day ( hellish clients , dumb photographers , bitchy magazine editors ) between gulps of wine and mouthfuls of eggplant .
i turn on the tv and we sit side by side eating our italian eggplant sandwiches .
fazire was reclining in his usual armchair and he was , for some reason , partially covered in an enormous swathe of taffeta the colour of an eggplant .
` ` and yet a vampire has only to enter a room and suddenly i ' m minced eggplant . ''
my nose resembles a small eggplant .
` ` purple eggplant or white eggplant ? ''
` ` how can you have a white eggplant ?
for every peanut , there is an eggplant .
i sucked lollipops , moaned in ecstasy when biting into a donut , and simpered like a fool while holding two avocados in the same hand while caressing an eggplant with the other .
roberto 's face turned the color of an eggplant .
damn , but he owed trey a boatload of eggplant for keeping his little brother occupied today .
how could people who claimed the iqs of nasa engineers have the maturity of eggplants ?
the bottle was dark purple , the color of eggplant , and had a golden wax seal which broke as moldavi twisted off the cork .
gritting my teeth , i called the expensive market that delivered , ordered the necessities for dinner , and picked up the baby , who was by now the shade of an eggplant , and markedly smelly .
these words - and words they were , bold ones , earthy ones , sometimes literally , a fungus here , an eggplant there and just down at the bottom , tucked away so you almost could n't see it , a plaintive little arse that moved her somehow , every time - these words made a mountain , as solid and present as the eternal earth , anchoring the tile in place , solidifying the stillness of the bird .
margaret 's face was the shade of an eggplant from anger , not embarrassment .
that just got me a giggle from my friend and a frown from her husband , as he lifted yet another bite of what looked like eggplant parmesan to her lips .
in the distance , in a clearing , turmeric had spread and it was in bloom , covering an entire hill with lavender flowers , reflecting the violet fruit and flowers of the eggplants on the other side .
a dark eggplant that seemed ripe and festering .
only this time the prayer was to an eggplant , pointless and inefficient .
they have about as much of a message for mankind as an eggplant . ''
have an eggplant .
saint george had no background for eggplants .
do n't you like eggplant ?
presently norm said , ` ` now i ' ve got ol ' eggplant al .
he sounded cheerful again , but jake did n't trust that tone ; he had sometimes heard his father start telephone conversations that way ( usually with some subordinate who had fub , fucked up big ) , and by the end elmer chambers would be up on his feet , bent over the desk like a man with a stomach cramp and screaming at the top of his lungs , his cheeks red as radishes and the circles of flesh under his eyes as purple as an eggplant .
` ` maybe she will be especially smart with eggplants . ''
` ` eggplants ?
an eggplant .
so you brought an eggplant ?
i m sure shell like it , i said , even though i had never seen my mom look at , much less actually eat , an eggplant .
not my mom , i smiled back , and sat the eggplant on the arm of our couch .
they were pelted mercilessly by carrots , bell peppers , onions , potatoes and eggplants .
the eggplant is soft as pasta cheese fills my mouth with its gooeyness .
it was about the size of a large orange but smooth skinned and deep purple like an eggplant .
the other members of the team called themselves spidy79 , alexa , eggplant and mole .
spidy , eggplant wo nt be here .
konor : i could nt have done differently with eggplant .
a mountain of a man with skin as shiny and black as an eggplant , his long hair hanging down in braids tied off with red and blue ribbon .
your eye looks nasty , but the black and brown tones with the touch of eggplant does sort of pull the whole outfit together and makes it work .
as i readied another bite of eggplant , i suddenly felt the warmth of her body up against me .
i ordered my usual eggplant parmigiana and renee got the ravioli .
with a flourish she laid before them fried squid and goat cheese and stuffed grape leaves and octopus and wooden bowls of melidzanosalata , her baked eggplant puree flavored with garlic , onions and herbs , not forgetting her speciality , pink taramasalata made of mullet roe and olive oil .
` ` the gimp 's an eggplant . ''
tell me the day before , so i prepare you the eggplants to the parmigiana , that you like .
deciding to find out , he called his favorite local place , andrinas , and ordered an eggplant and spinach pizza ( zachary still had nt eaten any meat since grey cliff ) , cost : $ 13 .
kendall shot that idea down : she ordered the tour boats recall , even while the owners face turned the color of an eggplant .
he peered at the eggplant he pulled from the next bag , frozen for a moment .
brian put the eggplant into the crisper drawer .
flowers 's hearty braised eggplant au fromage dinner , and the wheels in his brain just would n't stop turning .
that night after eve and joe enjoyed the eggplant and two servings each of the cake , she helped him move the beds closer to the closets .
i would ' ve told lucas that i liked eating eggplant on the moon , if he liked it , too .
i ' m going to vomit that weird eggplant tapenade i had for dinner , and everyone will hear , and no one will invite me to watch the mimes escape from their invisible boxes , or whatever it is people do here in their spare time .
the other man motioned to his eggplant .
the sky outside is a rich , dark purple , the color of eggplant , and the street is draped with shadows as though it has been covered over with velvet .
they are nice enough to share what they have : canned eggplant and summer squash , bitingly sour with garlic and vinegar ; strips of dried venison from earlier in the fall ; and various other kinds of smoked meat and fowl : rabbit , pheasant , squirrel .
never before i had seen so much gathered in one place - smoked salmon and raw oysters , chicken gumbo and sweet pea puree , soft - shelled crab and broiled bluefish , stuffed shoulder of lamb and braised beef with noodles , broiled quail and blue - winged teal duck served in a sauce espagnole , mushrooms on toast and pigeon with peas , stuffed eggplant , stewed tomatoes , parsnip cakes sauteed in butter , hash brown potatoes baked in cream ... ...
she passed a bunch of bulbous , dark - purple eggplants and huge , fragrant bins of thai basil and apple mint , and sampled a bite of sauteed swiss chard from a woman in a fresh fields apron .
` ` i ' m turning into an eggplant . ''
after toning and fixing , it will turn a rich shade , something between chocolate and eggplant . ''
deep in the dark , the monster came alive , a spider skittering in the cave of her skull , and then she was tumbling into that black whirlpool behind acne 's eyes , watching her face going the color of an eggplant , the whites showing in half - moons as her eyes rolled .
it looked a lot like an eggplant but when she took a bite , it was juicy and good , sort of like a peach .
later that evening fern made her specialty  spaghetti and meatballs and italian garlic bread and eggplant .
i was nt about to stand around waiting for rescue but if anyone cared to lend a hand or send a sleep - inducing mist or an oversized stuffed eggplant to throw behind me ... apparently no one did .
today had proceeded as expected , with a simple shopping trip down to the farmers market on the river wisp , where shed purchased a few eggplants , cabbage , and string beans to bring back to her chef .
they were in a house , one that looked almost identical to his , except the walls were white , not a dark eggplant like his .
barely visible in their dark eggplant uniform , a hood pulled up over the head they seemed more like moving shadows .
a golden circlet bound his blond locks , his handsome face was cold with the rage of battle , and ... ` ` and his arm looked like an eggplant , '' clary muttered to herself in exasperation .
` ` they have something they make with eggplant that s great .
by the time he passed that fruit , he was well into eggplant , his face such a dark pressurized violet natassia was sure the mans head was about to pop like a dropped water balloon .
shades of eggplant , mauve , and pumpkin , streaking across the sky with the sun a glorious yellow orb in the middle of it all .
reggie sat down next to eric , their backs against the wall , weapons ready by their sides , and took a couple of eggplant and onion sandwiches from his knapsack .
that explains that guy i always see with the head that looks like an eggplant .
my eggplant was delicious , the wine was making me feel relaxed and i was enjoying myself for the first time in a day or so .
we have a garden full of lemon and orange trees , tomatoes , artichokes , zucchini and eggplants .
the contents in the backa fresh variety of bio - farmed leek , turnips , artichokes and eggplant , and a bulky volume of high - end european draperythumped around wildly in the trunk like a gagged hostage performing an exercise of final despair .
the second thing must be to pick the eggplant .
bett thought that a young , blackish purple , smooth as enamel eggplant was one of gods great gifts , but a soft , spongy , seedy , eggplant was a pretty worthless thing except , perhaps , as a convenience store vegetable .
pick the eggplant .
turn the grill to low , oil whole eggplant , prick them with a fork , then , roast them until they collapsed in upon themselves .
home , then , the eggplant , then , the okra .
no , first , the basil , next , the eggplant and , then , the okra .
the eggplant needed to be picked .
in those seven days she had put up eggplant and okra , she had served more than one hundred plates of food , including making dough for campfire stick bread for peters boys .
they ate leftover thinly sliced pepper and garlic - covered grilled sirloin steak , beefsteak tomatoes with basil in olive oil and sherry vinegar , and the last of the marinated eggplant on the picnic table down by the waters edge .
bette stood for a moment and looked at the lavender bells hanging from the eggplant and the straight stalks of the okra and the dusty green leaves of the basil and , against the white stucco wall , the profusion of reds and pinks and whites and purples of the nodding hollyhocks flowering early after the long warm winter .
how could those who grew only big boys , big girls and black beauties not be amazed by and envious of a plum - sized , orange - striped eggplant or a heavy tomato with a deep purple skin and nearly black flesh ?
malmouds face looked like an eggplant , his teeth flashing yellow in his wide mouth , his tongue a vibrant pink , his gray eyes radiating anger.he wore nothing except a pair of faded camouflage cut - offs .
it will be that i will have had in circle a rate of parmigiana of eggplants 10 times superior to the values allowed by the law , but i am sure to have seen to swim , offshore the blue waves of the sea calabro , moby dick , the sirenetta with the crab sebastian and pure nemo with all of his / her friends .
spaghetti squash topped with eggplant , flavored with enough turmeric to re - glaze the plates yellow .
this would be cooked in a large pot , with chicken thighs or lamb on the bottom covered with rice , eggplant and potatoes .
from the circuit breaker she switched on the lights over the bar and for the kitchen , illuminating the hanging hams and the ceramic bowls full of artichokes , asparagus , sausages , eggplants and zucchini .
they also sell roasted eggplant and another brand with artichokes and garlic , mrs . gossage explained , but both sounded a bit extravagant .
there were so many of them , some with artichoke hearts , some with gangrenous eggplant .
after this , there was so much all at once : some thyme grew on his arm ; under his chin was an eggplant the size of two of his chins ; there was a large bunch of grapes on his head ; and there was a green bell pepper on one shoulder and yellow one on his other ; also , he was confused by the rutabaga that he had to trim from each his ankles one morning to get his shoes on because he remembered rutabagas were root vegetables .
she made a face at the eggplant nestled inside the first , clumped together , the purplish skin resisting the bulk of surrounding rice .
who eats eggplant but people like me who still live at home ?
sure but this has eggplant in it .
she placed the eggplant and rice in his outstretched palm and grasped the plastic , which he offered her with a smile .
leon 's face swelled and darkened with rage , like a ripe eggplant .
i settled on a red pepper and garlic hummus and roasted mediterranean eggplant , and hoped for the best .
i decided to eat my eggplant first , while it was still hot .
oh my god , i said , or tried to , through a mouth full of eggplant .
doc choked until his face turned the shade of purple that was just about the color of eggplants at the grocery store .
my head looks like a giant eggplant .
gia followed rose through the crowds in the village hall , catching glimpses of roses dress , which was the color of an eggplant and much similar in shape .
dying of hypothermia in miami in august , he answered , dipping a piece of pita bread into a bowl of pureed eggplant with garlic .
chapter eleven -- i noticed a small , fenced vegetable garden by the house ; at a glance , i saw lima beans , cucumbers , tomatoes , and sweet potatoes , along with some japanese eggplant , growing there .
i took a bite of my eggplant before continuing the conversation .
they listened attentively , and the waiter brought in our appetizers of eggplant in marinara sauce .
tim , who likes to dress as if he s still 19 and attending drama classes in ny , glanced down at his shiny satin shirt , in a particularly heinous shade of eggplant , and widened his eyes innocently .
on his left side , below his armpit , an angry purple bruise stood out like a flattened eggplant .
edging towards 30 , james liked to talk about how his green - bean physique was morphing into eggplant .
the bag was straining with gleaming bulbs of eggplant , peppers and tomatoes .
he would serve grilled zucchini , eggplant and peppers and a salad with it .
one monday , just for sport , charlie grabbed an eggplant that a spectacularly wizened granny was going for , but instead of twisting it out of his hand with some mystic kung fu move as he expected , she looked him in the eye and shook her head - just a jog , barely perceptible really - it might have been a tic , but it was the most eloquent of gestures .
charlie read it as saying : o white devil , you do not want to purloin that purple fruit , for i have four thousand years of ancestors and civilization on you ; my grandparents built the railroads and dug the silver mines , and my parents survived the earthquake , the fire , and a society that outlawed even being chinese ; i am mother to a dozen , grandmother to a hundred , and great - grandmother to a legion ; i have birthed babies and washed the dead ; i am history and suffering and wisdom ; i am a buddha and a dragon ; so get your fucking hand off my eggplant before you lose it .
she asked as she added corn on the cob for jared , fresh green beans for wyatt , and a couple bunches of asparagus for quinn before reaching for a few plump eggplants for jared - eggplant parmesan was one of his favorite dishes - and a bunch of salad stuff for herself .
if i wore that , i 'd look like an eggplant about to split its skin . ''
i seemed to only have coffee on me , black , which would n't show against my deep eggplant - hued blouse or black skirt when we left , or so i hoped .
` ` blue cheese and eggplant , '' the intern 's voice murmured as his lasagne - topped plate landed on the table across from mine .
my flush intensified to the color of a strangled eggplant and that same powerful ache bloomed in the lower part of my tummy again .
then she s called away to the office on some business or tother , but before she goes , she pulls out of her purse all sorts of long vegetables and fruit , like a plastic banana and a italian squash and an eggplant even a warty little pickle , and she tells us to practice .
lips the color of eggplant .
miranda wondered how antonio had achieved such a wonderful combination of firmness and texture to the eggplant .
` ` pasta is all homemade , bread is freshly baked , and the eggplant is perfect . ''
` ` you like eggplant ? ''
crispy octopus paired with buffalo mozzarella and salty an - chovies and capers ; bite - size beef ravioli in a creamy butter and thyme sauce ; grilled eggplant and zucchini drizzled with oil and an array of salts .
she fought a shiver and bit into her eggplant .
to make matters worse , he 'd decked himself out in a sweet potato - orange plaid shirt and pants the color of a rotten eggplant .
` ` in first grade i was cast as an eggplant in a skit about vegetables , '' he said .
` ` what kind of line would someone give an eggplant ? ''
but the image of a little flynn in big glasses and dressed as an eggplant was too much .
too bad we did n't have an eggplant in the grocery bag .
i ' ve avoided eggplant entirely ever since .
oh , sometimes she was normal - she might go to the store or drop something off at the post office , but she was always at risk of finding herself standing somewhere , in front of a row of plump purple eggplants or holding a letter , with no memory of how she 'd gotten there or what she needed .
little mrs . aberfeldy , the color of an eggplant , clutching her two - year - old daughter , ruth , protectively to her bosom .
the cafe au lait walls and tile , paired with accents of eggplant , gave the room a warm modern elegance she found soothing .
the tangy , sauce made her eyes roll back in pleasure , and the thick chunks of eggplant and mushroom tasted better than anything she 'd eaten in ages .
angie watched her mother move through the boxes of fresh vegetables , choosing the same things day after day : tomatoes , green peppers , eggplants , iceberg lettuce , yellow onions , and carrots .
she sighed heavily , poked a fork into her ratatouille and guided the eggplant from one side of her plate to the other for aesthetic purposes .
at least , the ones who do n't want to wear eggplant , loden or espresso . ''
without pausing a beat , she plastered his face with a fistful of eggplant .
for , despite tasting eggplant and their angry confrontation , he still felt an overriding and overdue obligation to make amends .