as she got nearer she saw that her mother was painting a cluster of buttercups nestled at the foot of a majestic old elm .
` ` when it rains like this , the elm fork of the trinity river backs up into the tributaries and the creek between here and the main road floods out , '' he described .
it is on the corner of elm and maple .
` ` hi , '' gina king said as she plopped down onto the quilt beneath the shade of an ancient elm tree .
the afternoon sun was bright , but he was shaded by a giant elm tree that grew between nicole 's house and the one he was currently living in .
overhead , the branches of the ancient elm waved and danced in the ocean breeze , making the leaves rattle gently .
making love under the shade of the elm tree in the yard .
she turned her head and looked out the window to a patch of blue sky just visible beyond an old elm tree .
in front of the house , the coach lamps on the duke 's carriage flickered and wavered in the breeze , conjuring eerie shapes that crept forward , then pirouetted away beneath the rustling , swaying branches of the elms that lined the drive .
beneath a graceful old elm near the edge of the pond , clayton stopped .
standing beneath an ancient elm on the lawn , oblivious to the rough bark against her bare back , meredith listened to him , completely entranced .
the complex sprawled on multiple levels over the rugged site , the land around it teeming with wildflowers , orange trees and elms .
` ` he took care of the service on my car and helped me when that horrible storm knocked down the elm tree in the front .
the elm and cottonwood trees beyond the driveway wavered in the blustery summer wind .
cam pointed to a half - dead elm .
` ` and he 's brought friends , '' archer said , taking a step back as several of the speeding lights came close , disappearing among the tall elms and firs .
a speck of light appeared farther back among the elms .
the blast of white light hit a tree , cracking the thick elm in half .
fireflies glittered in the leaves of the elm trees and in the ferns and in the hazel bushes , flickering on and off like the lights of a strange and distant city .
there were high ferns , and elm trees , and foxgloves in abundance , and the moon had set in the sky .
this time , as another clod of earth came hurtling toward him , he ducked out of the way , and it smashed into an elm tree behind him .
barren elms and full evergreens grew tall along the sidewalk bordering the road , the trees shading the mostly two - story houses , the yards boasting flowerbeds and trimmed lawns .
the limo turned onto the private drive lined with wiry elms and lush oaks .
outside , it had begun to rain , a misty drizzle that clung to grace 's face as she hurried across the overgrown lawn and into the thicket of elm trees at the back of the yard .
the whitman house was at the far end of the block : shadowed with elm trees , the front yard deep with weeds and flowers growing wild .
` ` i ' ve hung them from the elm in front of austen house .
` ` yeah , i need a taxi , one one eight elm .
as they walked together to the broad elm at the very edge of school property , mateo wondered once again why he was n't in love with elizabeth .
they sat side by side , their backs against the elm tree , as the bell rang .
weak sunlight filtered through the elm 's spindly branches .
he imagined the elm trees that grew all over town , many of them so old they had pushed up the sidewalks in front of them and broken the paving stones into half a dozen planes and angles .
reaching the edge of the garden , amelia was careful to keep herself hidden behind a large elm tree as she peered into the lane .
they were well beyond the church , among the elm trees that lined the property , but they seemed to be watching her .
for the next little bit , we work in companionable silence , the jailor washing the prisoner , the prisoner gathering the strength to ask all the questions i can feel swirling in his head , and myself mixing the powdered elm bark and mustard with the boiling water and praying the damage to his body is not too far beyond my skill .
at garyford 's , down on elm , earlier today . '
' i just ran into someone who told me that preston hangs out at garyford 's on elm every day .
they watched the dogs run and play in wild abandon , while they sat under a twisted elm tree .
` ` i buried him in a corner of the backyard , beneath the old elm tree . ''
` ` i stopped at the light on the corner of first and elm , and a man got into the car .
shelby took a swallow of her diet soft drink and wondered if she could muscle her way into the shade , where the seniors were all holding court under three giant elms .
` ` you were under the impression that dioscorides 's recipe for slippery elm and comfrey was the best treatment .
i looked over her shoulder and saw a giant elm tree .
he picked me up , and i wrapped my legs around him as he backed me up against the giant elm .
a small table with two chairs had been set up under the giant elm tree in front of the house .
` ` i think they 're the elm land and palm land , but it 's hard to tell out here . ''
elm and palm .
` ` i just said if he had n't moved his bowels by tonight , i 'd give him an enema of slippery elm . ''
the descent of the holy ghost upon a reluctant disciple dan morgan 's ` ` it '' was nearby : a ramshackle cabin set in a little elm grove , down a short dirt lane off the main road .
she sees sophie lefevre at the bar , hears the echoing thump of german boots on the old elm floorboards .
ryan watched , leaning against his 2030 chevy solar suv in the shade of an old elm .
two more mib were waiting a short way down the street , parked in the shade of a giant elm .
the impending storm was nearly upon them ; the wind kicking up dust , the tall elm trees swaying , and the rumble of distant thunder booming .
a small elm tree provided a makeshift hitching post for their mounts , allowing them to search the area unhindered .
he parked his car out along the street under the shade of an elm and shut off the engine .
327 north elm .
a few drab military buildings off in the distance , the drone of aircraft , birdcalls , the bare trees , elm and oak and some kind of pine .
i turn left on elm and stop .
i run up the small track that leads back to elm avenue , and i look for a shop that would carry rope .
i walk further down elm and walk into a couple other shops that could possibly sell rope .
i run all the way down elm , passing by many strangers , some even bumping them on the shoulder .
they resembled palm trees , yet had the appearance of dead or dying elms .
a grouping of finely crafted elm chairs around a rock maple table had been arranged alongside a winding stream .
i slide off of blazes back , take his reins , and we head off cross - country into a stand of elm .
he wove along the road between ash and elm , through the city centre where the great shale platform bides its time , and past the disfigured pacific red cedar .
bellow stared at the circular raised flower bed with pansies shivering in the tart april wind , then at the centers solitary tree , an elm pruned hard to the point of mutilation , so still leafless .
and for a few seconds he was free of the pain , the scrap heaps , the mutilated elm and the funereal music of the unaccompanied cello .
he waved from the stoop as she slid into her jag and drove slowly down the sloping driveway past the gardens under the overhanging canopy of oak , fern , and elm trees .
the memory - tree as mrs morgenstern had called it , some kind of elm , had been planted too close to the house and now shaded half of it .
there was a little light in the sky , what you could see of the sky through the dirty panes and the branches of that badly planted elm .
a branch of the elm tree planted too close to the house was knocking against the side of the house , just above my window .
almost hidden by a dead splintered branch of the elm - tree was a cellar - ventilator with slits .
he d shoved a sheet of plywood against the ventilator we d looked through that night under the elm .
i was retching up nothing painfully into the tangle of new and dead grass under the elm when i heard her voice , more detached than anxious .
he was urinating in the rank garden just out of the shadow of the elm - tree .
at a safe distance from the window i saw through the fence the shadow of the elm in harveys rank garden , branches and twigs alive in the blowing high dead weeds .
he starts for the other house when he hears a sound from the mutilated elm .
he searches methodically in the high weeds , particularly in front of the cellar ventilation opening where the four cables are still pouring out uselessly , and around the lopsided elm , and also the spot where he pitched forward onto the empty beer bottles .
one rainy dark - blue evening there s a sudden yellowish dog pissing against the elm .
he thinks its the elm in a storm .
once richard finally cooled down , he stopped near a group of elm trees that overlooked the river on one side , and also provided a panoramic view towards the east .
one is a dimensional switcher.he reached across to an ancient elm tree and touched his hand to the trunk .
so he stepped back behind the elm , hoping it could shield him from discovery a little longer .
book 1 : the pulse chapter 1 master gunnery sergeant nathaniel hogan stood outside the new american embassy at nine elms , london and stared at the boats drifting down the river thames .
he walked down nine elms road and turned right before the boating lake into chelsea bridge road .
down the center ran a line of elms genetically tailored for height and narrow profile .
he was supposed to hide his eyes against the dead elm by the chopping block for a full minute , which he would time by counting to sixty .
the other two were mostly concealed in stands of graceful old elms .
tanya leeds and joey rastosovich were playing chess under a graceful old elm , the sunlight making dapples on their faces .
just ahead a family of five - mother , father , boy , girl , and white - haired grandmother - were spread beneath a large elm , eating a picnic breakfast of sandwiches and what looked like hot cocoa .
just the right temperature to sit in the backyard under an elm tree eating a chicken salad on lettuce .
a bird twitted restlessly in a tired - looking elm .
that was before they cut the elm down , you know .
richards swung left up a smooth tarred road that cut through a tangle of denuded sumac and elm , pine and spruce , scrubby nightmare second growth .
it crashed into the hole of a huge elm .
beyond the edge of the drop - off was a magnificent deep valley , choked with more firs and a few great old elm trees which refused to be crowded out .
many of the huge old elms which roland had noticed in the valley below had been little more than twigs sprouting from the ground when the bear came out of the dim unknown reaches of out - world like a brutal , wandering king .
tharkay motioned laurence to wait with woolvey , and after a moment came back to silently guide them to a place he had found by the hedge : a low rock butting up near the wall , and a thick elm - branch above : he had already rigged a cord hanging down .
` ` it 's prickly elm . ''
the last two holidaymakers remaining on the island [ mr . and mrs . thomas threlfall , of 9 , the elms , paignton .
he glided past the rows of victorian and queen anne cottages , dapple - shaded by a canopy of elms and maples .
after he and the others had left ulan bator in an older - model toyota land cruiser , they passed through a small mining town to the east , a postapocalyptic landscape of coal pits , heavy machinery , and soot - coated soviet - era buildings - but then a sharp turn to the north cast them into a valley thick with poplars , elms , and willows .
nobody ever seems to want to worship an elm .
they approached the manor house by a long , white - gravelled drive lined on both sides by lofty elms and halted at the foot of the broad stone stairs leading up to an arched front door .
they rode some distance away from the road and took a cold lunch of bread , cheese , and smoked sausage in the shade of a large elm tree standing quite alone in the middle of a field of oats .
they buried kurik beneath a tall elm tree on a hill overlooking his farm about noon the following day .
he did not speak , but appeared to be pointing at a winter - denuded elm grove at one side of the road about a half - mile farther on .
there were shouts of chagrin from the elm grove as the church knights plunged down the hill at a gallop with the grass whipping at the legs of their chargers .
three of the men who had come charging out of the elm grove were already down .
the night the bird had come from winterfell , eddard stark had taken the girls to the castle godswood , an acre of elm and alder and black cottonwood overlooking the river .
chapter sixty - two tyrion on a hill overlooking the kingsroad , a long trestle table of rough - hewn pine had been erected beneath an elm tree and covered with a golden cloth .
oh , gods , ned ... she found robb beneath the green canopy of leaves , surrounded by tall redwoods and great old elms , kneeling before the heart tree , a slender weirwood with a face more sad than fierce .
her father had taught her to ride amongst these trees , and that was the elm that edmure had fallen from when he broke his arm , and over there , beneath that bower , she and lysa had played at kissing with petyr .
the shortest way to the central keep where her father lay dying was through the godswood , with its grass and wildflowers and thick stands of elm and redwood .
she 'd been asleep in the branches of an elm , but the howling had woken her .
` ` we 're going the wrong way , '' she said to gendry , as they rode past an especially mossy elm .
a dry ditch ran along one side of the field , but she leapt it without breaking stride , and plunged in among the stand of elm and yew and birch trees .
between two elms she rode , and never paused to see which side the moss was growing on .
i never mean to hurt them ... ` ` septon utt soon dangled beneath a tall elm , swinging slowly by the neck , as naked as his name day .
elsewhere skeletal elm and ash and scrub oaks choked the ground like weeds .
she stacked her arms and shield and saddlebags beneath an elm .
the course of the castle walls could still be discerned amongst the brambles , weeds , and wild elms , but the stones that had made them up were strewn like a child 's blocks between the roads .
the scavengers had torn him down , so what remained of him was strewn on the ground beneath a frayed rope looped about the limb of an elm .
they dangled under ash and alder , beech and birch , larch and elm , hoary old willows and stately chestnut trees .
hyle hunt and podrick payne were given elms .
tyrion pulled the curtain back an inch to peer outside , but there was little to see but ochre fields , bare brown elms , and the road itself , a broad stone highway that ran straight as a spear to the horizon .
they crossed the castle 's godswood , where the heart tree had grown so huge and tangled that it had choked out all the oaks and elms and birch and sent its thick , pale limbs crashing through the walls and windows that looked down on it .
he could hear the wind rattling the bare branches of the elms that lined the street .
earth and water , soil and stone , oaks and elms and willows , they were here before us all and will still remain when we are gone . ''
in amongst these chestnuts and elms and soldier pines he had found secret places where he could hide when he wanted to be alone .
chapter 14 higher , nicole , higher , kelly screamed as we sat on the old swing hanging from the big elm tree in my front yard .
he 'd totally faked out the elm grove defenders and run the ball in for a touchdown .
i dragged my eyes away from rigel 's retreating back to see her pointing at the scoreboard , which showed us tied with elm grove , 21 - 21 .
when the game finally ended , the score was elm grove 38 , jewel 28 .
a few people around him protested , repeating what bri had said about the improvement over last year 's game against elm grove , but rigel did n't seem to be paying attention to them .
later in the week a small area was fenced off in a grove of elms and they buried her in the late afternoon shadow of her beloved church .
they could always be considered in the running for the championship along with elm lane and doorland .
this year doorland had lost one game to elm lane by a 6 - 0 score .
the rain had caused an upset at elm lane .
that leaves us only a half game behind elm lane , thought cain out loud .
they reminded each other that now all they needed was a win over elm lane at home , and they would be the champions .
if we defeat elm lane they will have five wins and two losses .
when the time came for the foxes to take the field , they were ready , willing and anxious to take on the elm lane falcons .
year after year elm lane was fighting doorland for the top spot in the league .
the team burst from the locker room ready to tear the elm lane team to pieces .
coach andrews went to mid - field to meet the elm lane coach .
the driveway was silent , and the elm tree in my front yard seemed hooded with leafless fall , its long bare trunk ragged , and the miniature sycamore beside it seemed like kelp swaying underwater .
the first one is by the elm tree , and the second is by the gopher holes ; and then -- then what ?
one day , however , an old elm awoke .
it began as a murmur , started by the old elm and spreading through groves and forests .
before long , however , the trees began chattering with one another , sharing what the old elm had learned in his travels and recalling to those with poor memories all they had used to be .
illiam , now the revered god of his vast peoples , flew down from the sky to meet with the old elm , leader of the plant spirits .
the elm trees and the oak ones , the bushes and the jasmine .
when the elm trees spread everywhere , steven turned left , and here we are , he said .
as we stroll , lennox tells me the history behind this place , how king charles ii had thousands of elm trees planted the entire length of the path , and then how queen anne had a road constructed down the centre of the treeline to make it a more comfortable road to travel on , and how back in the mid-1800s , prostitutes used to hound the castle - end of the walk .
thirty yards away , it struck an elm tree and burst apart with a brilliant bang : splinters of bark flew in every direction .
viktor 's footsteps pattered to a stop beside a group of bare elms .
along the side , several enormous elms blocked out the sun overhead .
in the second picture , one of the large elm trees , which had previously lined the driveway , had fallen down , crushing the front end of the porch .
link located the elm tree from the picture .
clouded swirls of dirt and debris spewed forth from beneath the collapsed frame of an enormous elm tree .
a solitary strike of lightning had cut the once mighty elm down to the stump .
a small voice questioned , behind her now and she turned to see a little form perched in the branches of a young elm tree , almost camouflaged and she would not have seen the young male if he had nt spoken .
the woods come in white birch , black walnut , orange beech , dark red cheery wood , yellow chestnut , light brown elm , tan hickory , brazil kingwood rich violet black streaky markings , honey colored pine or orange - reddish teak wood .
his notes sang of birds flying through the air on a sunny day , of babbling brooks , and great elms ; of red , and blue , and all the colours of the rainbow .
i felt him lean and we went whipping around the curve onto an exit ramp and down a road bordered by stately old elms and long driveways .
the table and chairs were beautifully crafted with the finest imported cedar elm wood my parents could attain .
to these carefully selected branches , he added white birch , representing what the lady knows , taking care to remember , too , the beneficial associations of elm , rowan , hazel , apple , alder , ash , yew , cedar and oak .
walking uphill , they reached a spot under an elm tree where they could sit .
if simon and erin could look at the hospital from their spot under the elm , they could also be seen from any of the east - facing windows .
hawthorn drive ran alongside the levee , connecting elm and pearl streets .
the car drove off toward pearl and swung a u - turn on hawthorn back toward elm .
the large sedan swayed as it took a sharp left onto elm .
he continued on elm to a stop sign at pitre .
he turned right from elm onto pitre lane .
she took another right on elm , paralleling pearl , ending up back at hawthorn drive .
she put the car back in gear , made a u - turn on elm , and drove back to the hotel .
elm was lined with trees .
could ve picked her up on elm .
a row of hedges separated the inn parking lot from the homes on elm .
its that huge barn on the corner of pitre and elm .
but the weather was trying to breakthe sky was a fragile blue and a weak sun came through the oaks and elms , speckling the brown leaves underfoot .
the six year old girl stood behind the trunk of a nearby elm tree .
the elms were the only trees in sight not bearing fruit .
the elm did not completely conceal the child .
but the surrey kept rolling on the lane through the elms .
the three men trotted down the lane flanked by elm trees .
the sky was blue , and a breeze was rustling the leaves of an elm tree nearby .
new leaves were coming in on the elms and maples , crabapples and birches that lined the way .
spring winds were banging an elm branch against his window .
a blue jay fluttered past and alighted on the branch of an elm planted into the sidewalk , its roots reaching and spreading under a storm drain .
she drove through the neighborhood with its old elm trees lining the road .
an old elm spotted the square patch of grass that led under an overhang above the front door , supported by neatly stacked stones formed into two columns .
the night air filled his lungs with the scent of the elm tree in the front yard and nuncio slammed the door behind them .
peals of laughter and the babble of conversation rose towards the blue skies : a group of students had laid picnic baskets on a blanket under some elm trees and were making the most of the autumn sun .
i skidded behind an elm tree and stood rock still while rounds thudded into the other side of the trunk .
under the elm trees , two coroner officers were zipping a body into a bag .
i gazed blindly at the elm trees on the screen .
he took a deep breath , and drew nearer the fence , under the twisted branches of an elm that fought paving slabs and pollution .
down at the ground , the roots of the elm tree had twisted writhed in slow motion , probing , pressing , thrusting through the soil with inexorable force .
the elms roots had riven cracks through the paving slabs , bent the lower bar of the fence , and gouged a rent in the compounds security .
there are deciduous trees : maples , oaks , elms , lindens , poplars and sycamores .
ahead was a thatch - roofed , weathered house shrouded by towering elms .
the corner office was an earth - tone tan , carpeted in a thick wool shag the color of elm bark .
they sat with their backs against a large elm tree at the edge of a field some distance from the farm .
outside the diner they walked over to a picnic bench under a large , spreading elm tree .
her eyes followed the jagged line of the branches and swept downward to take in the graveyard and the road outside where the elms stood stately sentry .
the sun shone brightly through the treetops to dapple the back patio with silhouettes of elm and oak leaves splashed across the ground .
the houses and businesses that surrounded the station were mostly old , spooky and aged , historical monuments cloaked in snow and surrounded by large , stately elm and oak trees , bedraggled with years of ill care .
he cursed to himself when he had to stop for the traffic that had backed up for a block and a half and he pulled the suv onto the side of the road and parked it next to a large , aged elm .
fifty yards ahead , several large spiky elms had fallen across the river at a narrow bend .
the elms had created a whirlpool of sorts , and they were in it before cole could get up enough speed to pull out of it .
he grabbed the trunk of the spiky elm and felt the sharp prick of the thorns in his palms .
they were followed by several dark unmarked cars that buzzed past and turned onto elm .
the neighbor who lived behind them , across the alley , called to say that she had found a heat register in her elm tree .
about halfway there , at the top of a shady knoll , elijah stopped and set down the picnic basket at the base of a thick , tall elm .
he thought of the walks he had taken with his daughter to the elm tree at thanksgiving , of the spunk and contagious laughter of the child he so loved and missed .
elijah stopped at the bottom of a knoll and looked up at the big elm tree at the top .
on their way home he carved her name in that elm tree you saw a half - mile back .
the elm tree .
elijah quickly shifted his light to the elm tree fifteen feet farther up the hill .
at the path , he steadied himself and directed the ray to the elm tree .
he looked at the names carved into the elm .
for that night , walking , talking and smoking amongst the elm trees of war - torn paris , was the last time that cranston baxter would ever be truly happy again .
out of breath and sweating with exertion , they stand in the middle of an elm lined street in the improbably named oakdale and decide actually sharing a moment and chuckling as this is determined that they will just drive by and chuck molotov cocktails at the guy .
at length , he decided upon the part of fence next to an elm tree .
huge elm trees overlapped the grass - lined sidewalks .
the sun seemed to wink at me through the rustling leaves of the towering elms that lined the street .
the tall woman was leaning against the trunk of the nearly dead elm , holding her purse in both hands .
in the dark shadow of a giant elm tree , he killed his lights , but kept the engine running .
it was finally at the point where the elm just outside provided them cover from the bright rays .
the man took a left off of elm , looping onto main .
* * * billy retraced his steps back onto elm .
he put the heater on full and coasted along past nine elms , which was being readied for the new american embassy in the kind of way nagasaki was readied for peacetime and battersea , where the power station sat empty and unloved .
he looked for an elm tree that once stood at the north corner of the cemetery but it was gone or he was nt in the right spot .
he could see where a dozen rows of fence strands had grown into the bark of what was once an elm tree .
several bushes lined the outer fence and a small elm tree offered shade from the blistering morning sun .
samantha stared through the frosty window at the old home where gramm had raised her , the white paint weathered by several wichita winters , and the concrete walk cracked and buckled by the strong root system of the old elms .
it was dewayne , hiding in the shade of an elm tree and looking scared .
their run - down shack was in a bend of the river , with elms and willows touching the roof and cotton growing almost to the front porch .
much to my delight , i noticed tally and trot sitting under an elm , watching the fun .
i crawled up the bank and found a spot a few feet above the ground , on the limb of an elm .
i climbed down from the elm and sneaked through weeds and brush until i was above the gravel bar , then i slowly crawled through the bushes .
behind the backstop , under three elm trees that had caught a million foul balls , the food was being arranged on picnic tables covered with redand - white checkerboard cloths .
it peeled bark from the limb and sprinkled fine bits of elm around the girl , who was watching them carefully now .
his childhood home was an old country house in downtown , surrounded by ancient oaks and maples and elms that kept it cool in spite of the summer heat .
i switched on the radio , and while i listened to woko frightening its audience about the storm - power lines down , the hudson river rising dangerously at glens falls , a fallen elm blocking route 9 at saratoga springs , flood warning at mechanicville - i strapped a bit of cardboard over the broken windowpane with scotch tape and got a cloth and bucket and mopped up the pool of water on the floor .
11 shy smile the first thing that struck bond about saratoga was the green majesty of the elms , which gave the discreet avenues of colonial - type clapboard houses some of the peace and serenity of a european watering place .
bond woke on time and there was a wonderful freshness in the air as he followed the limping figure of leiter through the half light that filtered through the elms among the waking stables .
bond turned and looked along the rail to his left at the two stocky intent figures with the sun glinting on their glasses'and on the watches in their hands and , although he did n't believe in these people , the dusk seerned to seep out around them from under the golden elms .
and the whisper ended , and bond did n't look round but went on watching the sales for a while and then slowly walked home under the elms , feeling sorry for a jockey called tingaling bell who was playing such a desperately dangerous game , and for a big chestnut called shy smile who was ' now not only a ringer but was going to be ridden foul into the bargain .
he learned a great deal about foods he had never heard of , such as potassium broth , nut mince , and the mysteriously named unmalted slippery elm .
my earliest memory is of waking up in the dark and thinking i was dead until i saw the shadows moving on the walls and the ceiling - there was a big old elm outside my window , and the wind would move the branches .
a robin landed by the elm tree that threw shadows on my bedroom wall at night , and pecked through the fallen leaves for a worm .
there are twelve hundred bridges on the canals , all in the shade of magnificent avenues of elm trees ... '' they passed the smalste huis - the narrowest house in amsterdam - which was only as wide as the front door , and the westerkerk with the crown of the hapsburg emperor maximilian , and they went under the wooden lift bridge over the amstel and the magere brug - the skinny bridge - and passed scores of houseboats that served as home for hundreds of families .
a single possible clue was discovered , a word found carved on a tree 212 insert : a woodcut of an elm tree .
they stopped under an elm tree just as the first hint of light fell across the valley before them .
a deer stand had been built in the elm , twenty feet up , with a rickety ladder leading to it .
the deer stand was a small platform made of planks and two - by - fours anchored into the elm , and like all deer stands it was constructed with little thought to comfort .
john was soon near the elm .
he passed an occasional fine home , always at a distance , always sitting majestically under heavy oaks and elms , and usually with a fenced swimming pool to one side .
stately oaks and elms shaded most of the cemetery .
they walked a few steps to a wrought - iron bench under a small elm tree , sat , and looked at scotty 's headstone .
and , securely lashed to an old , ailing elm , a tree stand for deer hunting .
finally , he completed an elliptical course that led him past the ailing elm tree and then back toward it .
he sat in his customary chair facing the window that looked out over the rolling lawns to the left of the wide gravel drive , which wound through the elms and oaks lining it like sentinels .
the edge of the woods stopped less than twenty feet from the fence , and between it and the rear wall of the garage a dozen or so oaks and elms with spanish moss shaded the backyard .
brick paths curved through santa fe 's central plaza , circling the various monuments and winding under a spreading canopy of trees - towering american elms and cottonwoods , firs , maples , honey locusts , and others .
although he could feel it only faintly against his face , the may wind beat strongly through the elms lining the mall , as if an invisible river ran through the air just above him , a river from which he could detect only the faintest , farthest ripples .
the room was empty , lit only by stuttering moonlight through the moving branches of the old elms outside .
they were rattling between autumn - bright trees : maples , elms , poplars .
on the grass , between two big and beautiful old elms , were two girls of about twenty , also having lunch .
one of the girls under the elms shaded her eyes to see what was happening .
it struck the pavement and went off : one of the girls under the elms let out a puzzled , surprised shout .
he had watched the entire holocaust from behind the thick , gnarled trunk of an old elm .
near the settlement of sette bagni , in the shade of a massive elm tree by the side of the dusty road that ran alongside the river , they reined their horses in and took time to draw breath .
under it , in a locked elm chest , were the secret codex weapons leonardo da vinci had once fashioned for him .
simone was staring at us when we noticed her and she held the look for a solid minute before looking off at the firm elms that surrounded the cemetery .
` ` it 's here , '' angie said , and pointed at a small mound by a dry and withered elm tree .
yet we stayed , planted , it seemed , in that tiny yard with the dead elm .
` ` under an elm tree .
luther shifted into second gear and put some juice into it as he passed the small fence at the edge of the dirt yard , and he told himself he did n't see the freshly turned dirt under the elm .
thomas removed his coat and loosened his tie and placed the satchel at his feet as he came to the end of k street and paused in the shade of a great elm .
the gates slid silently open the driveway snaked through stately elms , past manicured lawns , and finally presented the old - englishcstyle mansion in all its glory .
when they swerved around a large elm , a giant of a man jumped from the shadows , followed quickly by another .
the rest of the journey seemed to take forever , but eventually the blackout was lifted , revealing a long white driveway that was lined with elms .
i flicked off the link and stopped under the boughs of a leafy elm .
an owl hooted in the elm that towered over my head .
i shivered , even though the air was stil , with no breeze rustling the elm trees above us .
what a striking figure he made under the elm trees along the singel gracht , as he stopped again and again to admire the narrow old three- and four - storey dutch houses , with their high step gables , and bright windows left undraped , it seemed , for the pleasure of the passersby .
probably they were dieting for the autumn ball , i decided as i watched them whispering together in the shadows cast by one of the old elm trees .
i curled into a soft cloud at the edge of one window , where the branches of the nearest elm almost scraped the glass and would disguise me in their shadows .
it was early the next morning when i pulled over to the side of one of those narrow cemetery roads and parked my camry under an elm tree .
a few birds rustled in the thick branches of the maple , elm , and pine trees over our heads , but our footsteps and movements were small and quiet enough for them to keep a silent watch on us , instead of fluttering up into the darkness and alerting whoever might be watching .
four aimed their bows at the targets , while the rest waited in somewhat orderly fashion around an enormous elm tree under the gaze of a large man in chain mail and a small dark woman .
the dagger sliced into the elm 's bark , sinking halfway in .
birthday parties and easter egg hunts , camping out in a tent with her dad in the backyard , making brownies with her mom , breaking her arm when she fell out of the big old elm tree in the front yard .
tearing past a large elm , relief filled her as dani 's dark head came into view .
she could make out the different elms , oaks , tupelos , and locusts , but she could see nothing hidden amongst the trees .
night had fallen over the tall elm and oak trees .
thick , tall elms blurred as i darted across a small dirt driveway , around a hummer , and into the heavy woods surrounding the cabin .
one charged forward , and i flung him into the thick elms that crowded the roadway with a flick of my wrist .
loose soil pebbled and rolled as giant elms shook until thick roots poked up from the ground .
a second later , a red film covered the majestic elm tree , completely and utterly swallowing it whole .
a second later , a powerful roar whirled through the tall elms and firs , sending birds flying frantically into the air .
i started with one line - the horizon , but as i continued , the line became ragged and broken by tall elms with points as sharp as needles .
they came down fat and thick , placing a heavy blanket of white over the branches of elm trees , already softening the sharp peaks of seneca rocks .
like a winter wonderland with the fresh snow and the main lodge rising several floors , majestically placed between the tall , snowcapped elms and slopes .
why do n't you try that elm tree ? ''
steep embankments lead up to the streets , and above those , poplar and elm trees ( per captain jack ) form an arbor , a gentle respite from the hot afternoon sun .
but the place was beautiful - the snow - capped mountains , thick elm trees , and rolling white hills .
easing the jetta down the narrow road choked with elm trees , he took a deep breath .
tips of ancient elms rose up , concealing the ground below .
icicles hung from the elms .
i raced around a cluster of large rocks , kicking up snow as murderous icicles fell from elms , shattering into the ground around me .
it was partially obscured by tall elms and pines , but the streetlight illuminated it just enough for them to see its vague outline .
on the road out of sala , we were passing through a stand of white elms when mal cleared his throat and said , ` ` i was thinking ... . '' i sat up straight and gave him my full attention .
a scraggly elm tree hangs over us and you can just see the moon through the branches .
they just passed parson 's elm tree .
several miles west of the old hive and the wasp nest , in a lightning - scarred elm , the anarchists had built up a small stock of stolen honey sealed in wax and paper .
it was on one of these patrols that a small hive was discovered in the fork of an elm tree .
the elms , the breakers , green hall , marble house .
` ` elm !
` ` we just got a place up on elm yesterday , '' seth tells me , getting up from the bed .
the estate was named elmford , after what was reputed to be the largest american elm tree in virginia .
he parked under a tree , though technically along this road everywhere was under a tree ; the great big oaks , birches , elms , and pines all pulled up , right against the road , forming a thick canopy above .
without hesitation i turned and ran , staying low , away from the car , until i was well behind the old and large trunk of an elm .
centuries old and crafted from the most hallowed starwood elm , it was capable of great destruction .
so intent was she upon her meditations that she failed to notice the shadow above her in the great starwood elm , until it dropped directly in front of her .
mithrain 's eyes widened as he took an involuntary step backwards , the heel of his leather boot striking against the sturdy starwood elm behind him .
he could not strike the incensed lady of the house of fire , no more than he could strike his own sister , but he could not withdraw either , at least not with the stubborn elm pressed up against his retreating back foot .
she looked down the path and up in the elm branches .
she skipped into the air with the grace of a dancer and sprinkled faery fire on the great elm 's dangling branches .
bounded on the east by houston street , on the north by elm and on the south by commerce ; main street neatly split the plaza into north and south sections ; the west end was bounded by the triple train overpass .
they were waiting for the presidential procession to turn right on houston and then left on elm and proceed directly underneath them .
surveying the building up elm and over on houston michael noticed a glint of light from the roof of the texas state book depository .
another 120 degree left on elm , and in a few seconds president kennedy would be right across the street from him .
he further said mr . zapruder had purchased his movie camera - a bell & howell eight - millimeter zoomatic at the peacock jewelry company just a few doors east up elm street at 879 elm .
snapping the film doors shut , he handed one camera to forrest , when we see the motorcade approaching elm from houston , i want you to step over beside that concrete pedestal , grandpa scarburg said pointing to the large concrete platform , and film the motorcade as it turns and proceeds down elm .
snapping the film doors shut , he handed one camera to forrest , when we see the motorcade approaching elm from houston , i want you to step over beside that concrete pedestal , grandpa scarburg said pointing to the large concrete platform , and film the motorcade as it turns and proceeds down elm .
when forrest moves to the pedestal to begin filming i want you to take this other camera , walk directly across elm and position yourself on the curb so you can see the president as his car comes by .
james w. altgens , a photographer taking pictures , across the street from the umbrella man , on the south side of elm will later recall , i could see pieces of his head fly off and land right at my feet .
a few seconds after the motorcade turned from houston onto elm he heard a shot ring out .
officer craig crossed elm and inquired as to the purpose of the search .
two glaring problems exist with this womans statement : if ruby passed a gun to oswald it would not have been so apparent and besides rocky jolliet was following oswald out of the building as he walked east to the bus stop on elm .
next he glanced down houston and immediately turned to his left and strolls , again unhurriedly , across houston and proceeded east down the north side of elm .
the bus would continue west toward dealy plaza , but after two blocks , oswald will get off at the corner of lamar street and elm , and head for the bus station .
at this point , it is impossible to determine the reasons for his reactions , but if i had to venture a guess i would say yes , and i believe the film taken by olive marie on the opposite side of elm proves everything i have just said .
the whole thing is then lowered into a large elm coffin complete with the adornments of his rank .
dart was standing still now , quietly nibbling at some tufts of grass between the roots of a wide - spreading elm that stood proudly in the middle of an open space , looking almost as if it had pushed its smaller brothers aside to breathe more freely .
the entryway was paved with blue slate , also uncommon on the island , and the large wooden gate was made of elm , also not native .
gesturing for him to follow , she dropped to her belly and wriggled closer to the tree line , concealing herself behind the bulk of a bramble - choked elm .
he was killed by comanches in the elm creek raid in 1864 .
beds of flowers of many different kinds ran side by side up a wide clearing flanked by tall elm trees .
looking out for jack as he went , hoping to catch a glimpse of him amongst the foliage , tom came upon a big elm tree that marked the edge of a small wood and saw something that made him come to a dead stop .
they crossed fields and meadows laden with flowers , passing through dense stands of oak and elm , as well as other trees that were unfamiliar to tom and jack .
they made themselves comfortable beneath a large elm , a huge tree that towered above the smaller ash and hawthorn that made up the coppice , and leaning heavily against the massive trunk jack stretched and yawned .
in the middle of the farm was a small pond surrounded by large oak and elm trees .
they passed the ring of standing stones and entered the forest on a narrow trail which wound haphazardly around the mighty trunks of oak , ash , elm and beech trees , the ground at their feet soft with fallen leaf - mould and the air alive with the chatter of birdsong .
yet a muffled cough and a ruffling of leaves pinpointed his sight exactly to a spot ten paces to his left midway between two elms .
but , men of noras , let us not forget our kin , our wives and our sisters , the little red cheeked children that play in the woods under the watchful boughs of elm and oak and pine .
he dragged me to a spot near the garden , in the shade of an elm tree .
he stopped every once in a while to caress the bark of an elm or a cedar .
this part of the great western forest was mainly ancient pines with a few hearty broad leafs scattered among them : aspens , maples , oaks , and elms .
i proposed underneath the great elm in the front yard .
okay , i m on the corner of elm and first .
in places , settlers had hacked out large clearings that now contained farms and villages and small towns , but the trees loomed on every side , mighty oaks and elms and beeches .
i can go see the crone and she will use slippery elm and that will be the end of it .
24 the hideaway of the merrie men was indeed deep in elmswood forest and , anyx was sure , would have been impossible to find if it had n't been for the length of ribbon which was tied from tree to tree and which eventually led to a clearing dominated by a massive , ancient elm .
you see , ' robin went on , now leaning back against the massive elm , ' one of our associates is currently being held by the grantt in the dungeons of marasmus castle .
now , a short while later , anyx was seated upon an upturned log , casually surveying the scene before him ; the elephant was gently scratching herself against the trunk of the great elm , whilst the pile of rags and the man were stood facing robin 's questions .
unfortunately he still happened to be running at about 25 miles per hour , and as he peered somewhat myopically at his hind - quarters he did n't see the exposed skeletal roots of a long - dead elm tree .
the elms network of roots poked up through the ground in some places , its knobby knees spread out all over .
her dainty bare feet were planted on one of the elms protruding roots , and her face was alight with welcome .
chapter thirteen the oak and the elm stand not in each others shade but beneath the ground betwixt them , their roots doth twine the elven scrolls morfran took the most direct route to firth without risking exposure .
derfael and rhoslyn did not stir ; they remained beneath the branches of an elm , the prince curled up in his beloveds embrace .
a shadowy figure stepped into the tiny clearing where the elm stood .
while he wandered through the desolation of firth he came across a clearing in which an elf male and his lady comforted one another beneath the branches of an elm .
the white forest gave way to the elm and the oak and the dark elf led the wood elf through a thicket not far from the rivers edge .
the large elm tree had aided her in many escapes , but this time it felt like she was climbing into prison .
the elm tree at her window fluttered gently in a warm montana breeze .
the old elm on watery road just before the bridge was his favourite .
er , yes , she chained herself to the old elm tree in my garden and claimed that shed been sent by the wood nymphs to save it from satanic hair conditioner and inappropriate hieroglyphics .
we sat outdoors in green metal chairs under the shade of an elm .
around them , the fog drifted between the oak and elm trees , helping to deaden the sounds of their passage .
then he grabbed my arm with a grasp of steel , and i just knew i was a goner , when , all of a sudden , a short figure wearing a hoodie dashed out from behind one of the big elm trees .
in the four corners of the room , potted trees stretched leaves of ash and elm toward a cathedral ceiling covered with sunset purple clouds , a mural where painted night had already fallen at the peak of the tall roof .
he d risked his life high up in an elm to click it .
swiftrider steered green lightning around an elm .
alaina stared at the boy tied to the elm .
his back was up against the rough bark of the elm .
they found jay kneeling beside a prone figure at the base of an ancient elm , sobbing like one bereft of his soul .
they settled on a bench under a spreading elm upon the great , walled - in lawn , as baye replied with a smile , you really have no idea what a typical assignment is for the shadow , do you ?
the ancient elm tree in the front yard was half bare because the leaves had begun to fall , but there was n't a single dead fallen leaf on the ground .
his back was thrust against a knot in the elm tree which dug between his shoulder blades .
` ` i 'd include pine , heather , marjoram , and slippery elm , but we 'll have to make do with whatever we can get . ''
he and colin met their visitors halfway between where the pair had entered and where the fine table was set amongst the elm trees .
rough flagstones between two stretches of the ancient cobbles they called trollheads ... the only place where you got that in this part of the city was here , where pewter street crossed elm , and before that it had been ... yeah , big stones , some of the most ancient in the city , rutted by hundreds and hundreds of years of iron - bound cartwheels , that was a road that had been right behind a city wall ... yes ; he crossed the pitts , still on elm , and then lost his thread .
rough flagstones between two stretches of the ancient cobbles they called trollheads ... the only place where you got that in this part of the city was here , where pewter street crossed elm , and before that it had been ... yeah , big stones , some of the most ancient in the city , rutted by hundreds and hundreds of years of iron - bound cartwheels , that was a road that had been right behind a city wall ... yes ; he crossed the pitts , still on elm , and then lost his thread .
as she dipped into the shadows under a huge elm tree , lucan and his surrogate suddenly appeared on the front steps , his arm slung around her small waist , hand curled around the woman 's hip .
he brushed elms aside like tall grasses ; and he was the ruin of roads and the desolation of gardens , for his great feet made holes in them as deep as wells ; if he stumbled into a house , that was the end of it .
it was one of those norman rockwell towns with graceful old bell towers , spreading oaks and elms .
the visitor was n't reading , however ; he was watching with dreamy intensity as the warm wind which had been blowing all day harvested the yellow and gold leaves from the oaks and the three surviving elms across the street .
there were the abandoned hobo jungles near the railroad depot on neibolt street , where one could sometimes find tomato soup cans half - full of mulligatawny stew and bottles with a swallow or two of beer left in them ; there was the alley behind the aladdin theater , where bull durham cigarettes were smoked and black cat firecrackers sometimes set off ; there was the big old elm which overhung the river , where scores of boys and girls had learned to dive ; there were the hundred ( or perhaps it was closer to two hundred ) tangled trails winding through the barrens , an overgrown valley which slashed through the center of town like a badly healed scar .
' but this one was as big as an elm tree , and walking c walking seven yards to a stride , if it was an inch . '
what he saw was an elm tree , as like as not . '
' but this one was walking , i tell you ; and there ai n't no elm tree on the north moors . '
beyond that they came again to a belt of trees : tall oaks , for the most part , with here and there an elm tree or an ash .
they halted under an elm tree : its leaves though fast turning yellow were still thick , and the ground at its feel was fairly dry and sheltered .
no peace shall i have again under beech or under elm . '
he was standing , shivering a little , under a tall and sturdy elm tree , waiting for the arrival of morwenna mould .
her bright blue eyes flashed in the dark the way that all witches ' eyes do ; they had been watching silas standing under the elm tree for some time before morwenna had decided it was safe to appear .
with that the wendron witch disappeared back into the forest , leaving silas standing alone under the tall elm tree .
the gold of his eyes started to glow - molten gold in the center , amber shot through with sun , then a pale yellow - gold like elm leaves in fall .
the sunroom was several degrees warmer and tall , thick mountain ash and elm provided some privacy , but if someone were standing out front , they could see everything going on within the lower part of the cabin due to the floor - to - ceiling windows .
slowing down , i moved soundlessly as the man walked out from between two tall elms .
the purple stuff was vegetation : more precisely it was vegetables , vegetables about twice the height of english elms , but apparently soft and flimsy .
they rested at last beside a well at the edge of a wide and level circle of grass , bordered with tall elms which now threw long shadows across it , for the sun was setting , the daisies closing , and the rooks flying home to bed .
pale birch - girls were tossing their heads , willowwomen pushed back their hair from their brooding faces to gaze on aslan , the queenly beeches stood still and adored him , shaggy oak - men , lean and melancholy elms , shockheaded hollies ( dark themselves , but their wives all bright with berries ) and gay rowans , all bowed and rose again , shouting , ` ` aslan , aslan ! ''
there were no buildings straight ahead on the fourth side of lady alice : only a row of elms and a wall ; and here first one became aware of the sound of running water and the cooing of wood pigeons .
now the place that they loved the most was a shady spot , and elms grew there , and beech too , but these were not very tall , and some chestnut trees there were with white flowers , but the ground was moist and a great misty growth of hemlocks rose beneath the trees .
then beren cared not whether she were vala or elf or child of men and crept near to see ; and he leant against a young elm that grew upon a mound so that he might look down into the little glade where she was dancing , for the enchantment made him faint .
( 19 ) the names of all the tallest and longest things upon earth were set in that song : the beards of the indrafangs , the tail of carcaras , the body of glorund the drake , the bole of hirilorn , and the sword of nan she named , nor did she forget the chain angainu that aule and tulkas made , or the neck of gilim the giant that is taller than many elm trees ; ... carcaras is spelt thus subsequently in the typescript .
171 ) seems to say that nan was a ' giant of summer of the south ' , and that he was like an elm .
therefore were messengers sent on the next day to the korin ' of high elms , and they said that lindo and vaire would fain see the face of their lady among them , for they purposed to make a festival and to hold a great telling of elfin tales , ere eriol their guest fared awhile to tavrobel .
16 ) as ' a great circular hedge , be it of stone or of thorn or even of trees , that encloses a green sward ' ; meril - i - turinqi dwelt ' in a great korin of elms ' .
here many days once gently past me crept in this dear town of old forgetfulness ; here all entwined in dreams once long i slept and heard no echo of the world 's distress come through the rustle of the elms ' rich leaves , while avon gurgling over shallows wove unending melody , and morns and eves slipped down her waters till the autumn came , ( like the gold leaves that drip and flutter then , till the dark river gleams with jets of flame that slowly float far down beyond our ken . )
for here the castle and the mighty tower , more lofty than the tiered elms , more grey than long november rain , sleep , and nor sunlit moment nor triumphal hour , nor passing of the seasons or the sun wakes their old lords too long in slumber lain .
there is a city that far distant lies and a vale outcarven in forgotten days -- there wider was the grass , and lofty elms more rare ; the river - sense was heavy in the lowland air .
now the prince of gwar was in those days a lover of songs and no enemy of the elves , and they lingered yet most of all the isle in those regions about kortirion ( which places they called alalminore , the land of elms ) , and thither came deor the singer to seek the prince of gwar and to seek the companies of the fading elves , for he was an elf - friend .
this was of the magic of eadgifu , maiden of the west , his mother , and this longing unquenchable had been hers all the days that she dwelt in the quiet inland places among the elms of mindon gwar -- and amidmost of her longing was aelfwine her child born , and the foamriders , the elves of the sea - marge , whom she had known of old in lionesse , sent messengers to his birth .
' ah me , ' said aelfwine , ' i hear the horns of the fairies shimmer- ing in magic woods -- such music as i once dimly guessed long years ago beneath the elms of mindon gwar . '
then a lightning bolt struck a willing target - one of the many elm trees nearby .
cassie shielded her eyes with her hand like a visor , watching the elm shiver and smoke .
it was a sight to see , those once great elms darken and wither to ash so fluidly .
she and nick could get up and keep running , but the lightning and thunder would follow their every step until it finally hit its bull 's - eye , striking them down with a ball of fire that would burn and bend their bones like the brittle branches of an old elm tree .
the earth was much nearer , and below them were trees that looked like oaks and elms , and wide grass lands , and a river running through it all .
soon they crossed the ford ( carrying the hobbit ) , and then began to march through the long green grass and down the lines of the wide - armed oaks and the tall elms .
dunk had not had time to have it painted with his elm and shooting star , so it still bore the arms of its last owner : a hanged man swinging grim and gray beneath a gallows tree .
the hand 's pavilion was half a mile from the castle , in the shade of a spreading elm tree .
it was sandsilk , the finest garment that he owned , painted with his elm and falling star .
she touched his tunic , tracing a limb of his elm tree with two fingers .
` ` it 's meant to be an elm , m'lady '' .
his own shield was on his left arm , the shield tanselle had painted with his elm and falling star .
she soaked in the flowering oaks , leafy elms , and red and black maples .
and with the sun setting behind a row of gnarled elms , plunging the cobblestone street and hotel in shadows , i took hold of my two suitcases and headed for the ivy - covered courtyard door .
` ` be advised i need an ambulance sent to the alley off canal and elm .
the small whitewashed chapel , topped by a carved wooden cross , stood in a copse of ancient oaks and elms .
he thought of the elm tree in his parents front yard , how its leaves must be turning red and gold and starting to fall .
she walked past the seedlings that dean had planted in the shade of a great elm on the morning when he had set aside his work to talk to her about the exotic plants of the carolinas .
the willows and the elm trees remind me so much of the english countryside .
before they reached the river , she had palaemon turn right onto a trail , and shortly , they came to an old temple of eleusinian demeter standing amongst a grove of trees : pine , mighty elms , pears , apples .
he stopped the coach by the rear entrance of the cemetery , where it was obscured from sight by a small grove of stunted elm trees .
with some degree of difficulty we managed to scale a large elm tree that grew along side the house , and with what we hoped was stealth stepped onto the roof .
they made their way slowly through the oak and elm forest , their progress limited by the number of people in the procession and the feebleness of the older drui .
as the deep green of pine trees replaced the brighter foliage of oak and elm , it struck her that the midnight lands were a darker and more somber world .
the best ones are made of yew , but they 're also made from ash and elm . ''
ash and elm trees spotted the surrounding fields , yielding swathes of shadow across the bright green grass .
he looked out the window again , resting one hand against the pane of glass , his eyes travelling over the view of the lawns , dotted with spanish oaks and elms .
i feel just as i did when the old elm tree was uprooted in the storm last summer .
alex had made a six foot longbow out of an elm branch and had fashioned several thirty inch poplar arrows and fletched them .
but there were no yew trees in america , so alex had selected elm for his bow .
without saying a word to anyone , she turned and walked to a nearby elm tree and spread the cloak out in its shade .
just beyond the oak , elm , pine , and hickory they find a sun - dried patch of farmland covered with tall stalks of yankee corn .
his plan is to lay in wait behind a big elm tree .
the bandit luke rides off and disappears into the forest of old growth elm , oak , birch , and pine .
now , as the afternoon sun dipped into the elm trees that formed the western boundary of his land , jason tried to imagine what it would be like once his family arrived .
they ' ve got me pinned down over by the big elm !
he had his rifle pointed in the direction of the elm tree cole had mentioned , but when he saw jason racing toward him , he rolled over on his side and tried to swing the muzzle around .
the two of them were in sight of one another now , jason hunkered down behind the holly bush and cole behind the elm .
naomi moved to the door , watching until he disappeared in the far elms .
the crisscross of elm was a cage holding back a wild beast but the large opening to the left showed where he had escaped , and he was stalking stalking there was a noise behind them .
i turned to look at my friend who , in response to my expression , pointed to the scrub beneath a tall elm tree .
as they ascended the hill along state street , he gazed at the beautiful chestnuts and elms lining the way , in their late autumn yellow , red and golden splendor .
through the window i could see the branches of a leafless elm whip with the gusts of wind .
the elm jerked like a spasmodic as the wind gusted .
' so here we are , installed in this beautiful old house , and from both my bedroom and the drawing room i can see the great elms of the cathedral close , with their great black stems standing out against the old yellow stone of the cathedral , and i can hear the rooks overhead cawing and cawing and chattering and chattering and gossiping all day , after the manner of rooks -- and humans .
josh pulled into the driveway and the manor emerged from behind a blockade of mammoth elm trees .
' cool vales in concord , cobbled lands in portsmouth , twilight bends of rustic new hampshire roads where giant elms half hide white farmhouse walls and creaking well - sweeps .
a great elm tree spread its broad branches over it , at the foot of which bubbled up a spring of the softest and sweetest water , in a little well formed of a barrel ; and then stole sparkling away through the grass , to a neighboring brook , that babbled along among alders and dwarf willows .
in the mean time , ichabod would carry on his suit with the daughter by the side of the spring under the great elm , or sauntering along in the twilight , that hour so favorable to the lover 's eloquence .
it stands on a knoll , surrounded by locust - trees and lofty elms , from among which its decent , whitewashed walls shine modestly forth , like christian purity beaming through the shades of retirement .
a dense maze of roads and alleyways spread from the great red wall like roots from the base of a brentwood elm .
the elves lined the knee - wall alongside the humans ; each wielding a longbow of black elm equal to their height ( which was well over seven - feet tall ) .
you re dead now , and its time to head back to shady elms .
we walked down elm street yes , our town actually had a street called elm and all was quiet around us .
some guy just stole a car from the d and d on elm , took it right out from under the driver .
he was a big man that looked down on mature elm trees .
a man who could uproot the elm and use its roots to pick his teeth if he so desired .
she pointed to a spot near an old elm tree and i watched as a shovel flew through the air and landed at my feet .
he d read it sitting beneath a diseased elm near one corner of their vast lawn .
the band of squirrels that d set upon the colonel had settled into the top of a large elm and stripped every leaf from it in some mindless fury .
a lovely country , too , full of great elms and velvet meadows .
it still smelled of money as much as the elms that lined the grass strips separating sidewalk from road , but was less storied and retained none of the aroma of power .
off to the right , parked in the shade of what had to be one of northern new england 's few surviving elm trees , were two trucks shaped like giant propane bottles .
he dreamed again that night and the next , in the bed where he had slept since earliest childhood , the elm outside casting its old familiar shadow ( a skeleton each winter that gained miraculous new flesh each may ) .
' i remember sitting on a bench under an elm tree with a bunch of guys , all of us moderately toasted , listening to brian cole tell about these flying saucer sightings around the powerlines in new hampshire ?
beyond , an embankment dropped off to the stream , and here an old , gnarled elm tree leaned crookedly out over the water .
he ran looking back over his shoulder , needing to see where dorsey was , and as a result he ran smack into a large elm tree .
then he remembered why he had happened to run full - tilt into the elm tree in the first place and looked around .
while bill leaned silver carefully against an elm , richie surveyed the house .
looking at the branches of elms and maples and oaks against the lead - white sky , stan thought that their silhouettes looked mysteriously thicker .
a few more of the trees were gone , probably elms felled by disease .
he took an additional step away from bill , moving into the dappled shade of an elm tree that bill had once driven his bike into twenty - seven years ago .
they were passing derry community house and the library was just ahead , a stone oblong comfortably shaded by elms a century old and as yet untouched by the dutch elm disease that would later plague and thin them .
there were two street urchins slyly sticking sulphur - headed matches into the soles of a prosperous - looking businessman 's shoes , and a girl swinging from her heels in an elm tree so that her underpants showed .
that morning henry had put up an enormous quantity of leftover beans , and the four of them had eaten the whole lot at noon , sitting out on the playground in the shade of a big old elm .
they carried him on their shoulders like a football hero ; down to canal street they carried him , and there they lynched him from an old elm that overhung the canal .
they lined the telephone wires and roofpeaks of the victorian houses on west broadway ; they jostled for places on the aluminum branches of the elaborate tv antenna on top of wally 's spa ; they loaded the wet black branches of the elms on lower main street .
they were on the east side of town , over toward elm , willow , pond , and ford streets .
as trooper morris rounded the corner , a fresh bolt of lightning jigged across the sky , felling one of the old elms by castle stream .
he pulled up on the far side of the tin bridge just as a bolt of lightning stroked down from the sky and severed one of the old elms on the other side of castle stream .
alan threw an arm across his eyes , but an afterimage was still printed on them in stark blue as the radio uttered a loud blurt of static and the elm toppled with ponderous grandeur into the stream .
lightning lit up the sky , striking the elm by castle stream , toppling it into the rushing water as alan pangborn sat behind the wheel of his station wagon , dazzled by the flash .
the elm toppled into castle stream with a rending roar .
the south end came to rest on the lightning - downed elm .
what was left was a scattering of mothers with infants , a few old men sitting by the war memorial , and this girl sitting in the dappled shade of a gnarled old elm .
in the waving shadows of the elms beyond the stone wall , he could see hubert marsten 's marker , and suddenly he thought of win 's dog , hanging impaled on the iron front gate .
41 ben 's citro ? n was still sitting in eva 's parking lot , now plastered with wet leaves from the elms that shaded the square of gravel .
fran had napped uneasily under an elm in richardson 's dooryard while he worked , never quite going under completely , listening for the rattle of shingles giving way and poor fat harold 's despairing scream as he fell the ninety feet from the barn 's roof to the hard ground below .
he had just passed through the town of south ryegate , new hampshire , and now the highway wound through a pretty country of overhanging elms that dappled the road with coins of moving sunlight .
` ` ouuuu , '' frannie said , easing herself down on a mossy patch at the base of an elm beside the road .
it was july 9 , and they were eating their lunch in the shade of an old , graceful elm in the front yard of a farmhouse which had partially burned down .
a rock wall meandered along beside it , probably marking the edge of the property , and leaning over the wall at spaced intervals were big , shady elms .
` ` man , you 're sick , '' he said , and leaned his head against the rough trunk of the elm tree and closed his eyes .
softly , bent forward slightly at the waist , he approached the elm and the rock wall until he stood right behind larry .
now she sat in the shade of an elm just inside the nauglers ' fence , and two hundred yards up the road she could see where dirt gave way to tar - this was the place where freemantle road became polk county road .
her eyes , wide and full of darkness , stared up to where the overhanging branches of an elm laced the sky with shadows .
a ghost of a breeze riffled up the street , shuffling scraps of paper and making the old elms move on the courthouse lawn three blocks farther down .
as jack watched , one of them attacked an elm tree .
hopley leaned back against an elm tree with his thumbs hooked into his wide belt , looking at nothing in particular .
it was there in the summer ; in the fall with oak and elm trees blazing on the three edges of the field like torches ; in the winter with drifts sometimes all the way up and over its bug - eyed headlights , so that it looked like a mastodon struggling in white quicksand ; in the spring , when the field was a quagmire of march - mud and you wondered that it just did n't sink into the earth .
he sat in the shade of an elm that was in the last stages of rampant dutch elm disease , his bottom resting against the frayed straps of a sears , roebuck mail - order lawn chair that was in the last stages of useful service .
he sat in the shade of an elm that was in the last stages of rampant dutch elm disease , his bottom resting against the frayed straps of a sears , roebuck mail - order lawn chair that was in the last stages of useful service .
singles blown off in the previous winter 's last big storm still hung limply from some of the branches of the dying elm .
gary told the birds and the singles in the diseased elm .
joe cut the engine under the cover of a large elm tree when they reached the intersection of los feliz boulevard .
an old elm tree sways in the breeze .
bearing right at the next stand of elms , treacherously obscured by a thick cropping of douglas - firs , i slowed the hodaka to a near idle before bringing it to a complete halt and killing the engine .
the fire engines arrived and weary firemen scowled at their time being wasted yet again in the first of a long series of year - long useless call - outs to the elms village .
setter with terrible elm rot ( 6 ) 23 .
the three lawyers , the three ministry ministers , gergiev , stirg , and nev sat around a huge , ornate table made from maple , elm , and hornbeam trees that had been harvested around 1705 .
of course , the three cashiers checks on the maple , elm , and hornbeam table had something to do with their acquiescence .
he turned on the airconditioning and steered once more onto the soft gray roads between retreating elms and , in due course , back to work .
it was a blustery spring afternoon and she had tied a length of yarn to a baby doll and was tossing it high beneath the arms of an elm tree .
his pleas were cut short as to his right an athletic looking and formerly deceased young man was making his way up an elm tree adjacent to the house .
in the tree his partner finally bent the elms branches close enough to the roof to leap off .
i worked with a young man named henton , and he and i made our way over to elm .
* * * * * * * * * * department of the army office of the chief of staff 200 army pentagon washington dc 20310 - 0200 jul 21 2010 reply to attention of office of the chief of staff mr . andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely signed : letisha l. robinson letisha l. robinson sergeant first class noncomissioned officer in charge * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely ( signed ) molly hale molly hale public communications * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely edward martinez john hagee ministries * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
god bless america ( signed ) bob dole * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
the $ 20 goes toward a bottle of highland park ( the finest ) fraternally , c. h. * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
support president bush sincerely yours , andy bain secretary charlotte for responsible american power * * * * * * * * * * headed notepaper from washington speakers bureau 14 june 2006 mr andy bain 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 dear mr bain : enclosed are the twenty - dollar bill and the note you forwarded recently .
support mr cheney sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * * national rifle association of america 11250 waples mill road fairfax , virginia 2230 www.nra.org nra - wayne lapierre executive vice president andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely ( signed ) wayne lapierre executive vice president * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
david * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28269 july 14 , 2010 general james mattis commander centcom u.s . central command 7115 south boundary boulevard macdill afb fl 33621 - 5101 dear general ( mad dog ) mattis , you are my kind of general !
many thanks , best jane mayer * * * * * * * * * * * ( veterans against the war unfurled the banner referred to in this letter ) 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
enclosed : signed photo of congressman ron paul to andy for liberty ron paul * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
yours in peace andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
cheney in 2012 yours sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely yours , andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
$ 10 ) * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
mr . forbes is a billionaire ) * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * * steve forbes chairman & ceo editor - in - chief november 2 , 2010 mr . andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely steve forbes sf : mm enclosure ( $ 20 ) * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
yours sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
yours sincerely andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
yours sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 january 7 , 2007 richard l. armitage armitage international l.c .
sincerely rich armitage inc . picture of r. l. and stars and stripes with inscription miss bain , best wishes- rich armitage * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 january 22 , 2007 dinesh d'souza robert and karen rishwain fellow 434 galvez mall stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 6010 dear mr d'souza , undoubtedly , you are aware of the scurrilous review of your new book , the enemy at home the cultural left and its responsibility for 9/11 , by one alan wolfe , which appeared in yesterdays nyt .
sincerely yours , andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 26 may 2006 professor noam chomsky mit linguistics and philosophy , noam chomsky 77 massachusetts avenue .
$ 20 bill * * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
best wishes from all 3 johnsons sheila , chal and mof ( signed ) sheila , chal + mof * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely yours andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * defense finance and accounting service 6760 e. irvington place denver colorado 21 september 2006 mr . andy bain 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 dear mr . bain , thank you for your letter and the $ 20 cash donation addressed to mr . rumsfeld , received may 15 , 2006 .
sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
156 * * * * * * * * * * * t r u m p - the trump organisation june 4 , 2008 mr . andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
with best wishes , sincerely ( signed ) donald trump donald j. trump 725 fifth avenue new york * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
support mr cheney and mr bush sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * * 40 south 7th street suite 212 # 311 minneapolis , mn 55402 june 13 , 2006 andy bain 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 dear mr . bain , thank you for your generosity , but once again , we absolutely can not accept money under any circumstances .
support mr . bush and mr . cheney god bless america sincerely yours , andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
support president bush sincerely yours , andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * mr . andy bain 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 june 19 , 2006 dear mr . bain thank you for you nice note .
sincerely yours , andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 02 january 2007 general john m. shalikashvili us ( ret . )
support mr cheney and mr bush sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * american enterprise institute for public policy research aei andy bain 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28269 dear mr bain , thank you for your interest in dr kagans work .
support the president sincerely yours , andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions charlotte , nc 28262 31 may 2006 admiral john d. hutson ( ret . )
historically , we have seldom executed military personnel - none since war ii * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely yours , andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
god bless america support mr . cheney and mr . bush sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely , noelle campbell director of correspondence * * * * * * * * * * carolinas for responsible american power 139 elm park mansions .
support president bush sincerely yours , andy bain secretary carolinas for responsible american power * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
* * * * * * * * * * * * harry reid ( embossed crest of the senate ) majority leader nevada united states senate washington , d.c . 20510 september 9 , 2008 - 09 - 15 mr . andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely , ( signed ) marge van hoove marge van hoove executive assistant to senator harry reid * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * * united states central command office of the commander 7115 south boundary boulevard macdill air force base , florida 33621 - 5101 1 nov 2008 mr . andy bain 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely bjarne m. iverson colonel , united states army executive officer to the commanding general * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
( received 28 july , 2010 ) * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
office of public liaison bureau of public affairs * * * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
yours sincerely andy bain * * * * * * * * * * 139 elm park mansions .
they walked up to the mint - green facade of a craftsman - style house framed comfortably by a scattering of elms .
to the east a once - manicured plot of land rested under the towering branches of an elm tree .
if you catch dutch elm disease , there 's little anyone can do for you .
jerian commenced once more his walking ... chapter eighteen - a matron of elms his hair was flattened against his face by a sudden breeze , the loose material of his riding garb to billow .
the trees were young , identical , of a type , slender elms whose leafy outlines dappled the air in the likeness of swarming butterflies .
the lady floated , passed easily through the inanimate trees , elms whose spirits composed her , a coolness that was motion in her gauzy limbs .
the largely uninterrupted rays poured languid , golden spoonfuls into the generated vessel of the elm wood 's collective dream .
* rain swept the trees , the space between each upright bole diminished , streaking silver - blue water over the wounds of the elms as the ax connected .
a blue star , born of steel , fired by motion , swam blindingly in the charged air , scything through bark to the pale flesh of an ancient elm , a tree whose thin canopy swayed in protest , its angry snapping amplified as the once generous crown toppled to running earth .
another tree was felled , and another , the elms ' contorted trunks fracturing like dry reeds , old residents of the forest parted from their life - soil and sent crashing down , tearing at their neighbour 's arms even as they were levelled , churning the soft loam , the sap bleeding from stems and roots washed away by the rain .
he waited his turn , the falling of blue steel as he raised his outstretched fingers ... then , water pooling in his eyes , blood swelling his tongue , jerian lay amongst the elms .
a woman , imagined jerian , not unlike the milky lady of the elm wood , lithe and illusive as she danced , a storm tumbling from the sky in her wake .
the green grass was a bit sparse , especially under the sprawling elm growing near the shed , but it looked neat , and the few already blooming snapdragons , petunias and pansies lydia had put out were colorful and healthy .
the house they found , set back from the road was shaded by large elm and pine .
like a widow - maker in the deep woods , the rotted elm tree standing with the clothes of its bark all around the trunk .
in the middle of his years , he was like an old elm , lodged in the crook of another , half - supported there , bark falling away .
ahead was a snag of an elm tree with a widow maker still angling off to the up side of the slope .
he would reach out to find the trees and caress their bark and remember ash and locust , birch and oak , elm and poplar and sweet maple .
lying beside her husband at night with the window open , instead of the hum of tires on the road , sirens or other traffic noise , carla now heard the wind rattling the elm tree by the side of the house .
there had been perfect summer days when , with the heat still shimmering above the earth and with elongating shadows rushing toward them as the sun dropped behind the row of elms at the far end of the field , she and opa had belched together in simple , satisfying harmony .
for several miles i hiked between the autumnal cloaked sycamores , elms , and oaks , occasionally dallying to admire this timberland and all of its deciduous offerings .
after getting ahead of the shearers by five - hundred head , james carl sat in lawn chair in the shade of an elm growing beside the shearing barn .
he could smell , taste evendespite wooden splinters piercing lips and cheeks and tongueolives , chestnuts , poplars , rosemary , vines , elms , myrtle , even the earth itself out of which cicala sprung like a vast but guarding spirit .
not only had his weeping juniper begun complaining a little , but its friend and neighbor , an evergreen chinese elm , had begun swaying in the stronger breeze .
the juniper , on the other hand , found the elm a little uncouth , a little unrestrained , and little rampant .
the elm had thought almost the same thought , and the same , or very similar , comment had been working its way to the tip of his tongueso to speakbut now that the juniper had beat him to it , it would nt do to echo her sentiments .
the elm knew this , of course .
the juniperby no means dumb , of course ; no trees arewas quite the opposite , perhaps even a little glib ; erring now and then by not thinking everythingperhaps most thingsthrough and through before she spoke ; but she had a gift of gab that the elm could only marvel at .
then the elm said , i wish there was something we could do to help him .
to which the tall pine said nothing she s right , said the elm .
to which the juniper did not have an immediate retort , and that surprised the elm .
to which the pine said nothing , to his own , the junipers , and the elms surprise .
mostly the elms , who , as far has he could remember , had never won an exchange like this in his life , if indeed you win these things .
asked the elm .
i wish there was something we could do to help them , said the elm .
does nt hear at all , said the elm .
i ve lost him too , said the elm .
asked the juniper which was exactly what the elm was about to ask , but she beat him to it .
asked the elm , eager to change the subject for more reasons than one .
had he had a head , the elm would have shaken it , out of sympathetic consternation .
they chose , said the elm .
it was the right choice , said the elm .
i know , said the elm .
the other pines a pine , said the elm .
i can scent pretty well too , said the elm .
how about you , harrys pine asked the elm .
the elm wanted to know .
i do nt know him , said the elm .
where are the white mountains , asked the elm .
ah , sounded the elm .
the juniper asked of the elm .
he had no choice , said the elm .
that face , said the elm .
yes , it is , said the elm .
said the elm .
i do nt see , said the elm .
he s killed so many of his own , said the elm , as if surfacing , gravely troubled by this fact , which he was .
not that the elm was accusing him particularly .
so many , said the elm , almost in wonder .
cars do nt know , said the elm .
wondered the elm .
to hide , said the elm .
me too , said the elm he is hurt .
but hurt , said the elm .
very tired , said the elm .
her leg , said the elm .
and she wants to tell him about that , said the elm .
both the juniper and the elm fell quiet , all four trees now content to follow harman - karmans progress up catalina , and then , with a here we go , to alwyn moore , and an extra lift with his right arm to help her hop up onto the sidewalk , they made it onto his driveway and up to the door .
of course , said the elm .
to which the elm said nothing , knowing that she was right .
: : 74 : : he s in a bad way , i think , whispered the juniper to the elm .
a whisper which surprised her as much as it did the elm ( as much as it did the other surrounding trees , for there is really no such thing as successful whispering among trees ) .
he s certainly confused , the elm whispered back .
he should be happy though , the elm pointed out .
not polite , added the elm .
and all those deaths , said the elm after a short silence .
well , he should , said the elm .
he gave her something , said the elm .
i wish i could help him , said the elm .
i will try that , said the elm .
that s fine , said the elm .
: : 76 : : the juniper and the elm took turns into the night , to extend to and fill their harman - karman , who seemed to sense their presence as the shimmer or rustle of leaves .
it works , whispered the elm .
so , there s no need to whisper , said the juniper , though she regretted it almost right away , feeling sad rather than superior for showing the elm up .
but it works , said the elm .
he s writing , and he s happy about it , said the elm .
down the street a juniper and an elm were having a discussion with a canary island pine about their humanout hunting .
: : 102 : : the juniper elbowed the elm .
its hard to find him , to fill him , said the elm .
very , said the elm .
: : 114 : : the elm screamed with the pain of it .
get out of there , echoed the juniper when she realized what the elm , the stupid , stupid , elm had tried to do .
the elm let got , got out , though still he screamed .
he could see nothing , but he heard , and what he heard were flames and an elm screaming .
: : 116 : : you foolish foolish tree , said harrys pine to the elm , who , still shakingif tress indeed can shakecould not believe what he had done , for one , and what he had felt , for another .
i thought , said the elm .
he is very hurt , said the elm .
he can not move , said the elm .
then the fire engines pulled up , two of them , as well as an ambulance , and things got very busy around the elm and juniper who bothfeeling the heat emanate from the burning house , as if the fire was looking for them , for something more alive to consumewere very grateful for all the water they cascaded upon harman - karmans house .
they re taking him away , observed the elm .
wanted the elm to know .
i do nt know , said the elm .
poor man , echoed the elm .
at all , said the elm .
poor man , said the elm .
the elm was too stunned to hear , much less answer .
he was burning , said the elm .
yes , said the elm .
to the elm now .
i see , said the elm .
he s a good friend , said the elm .
asked the elm , mostly of harrys pine .
yes , go ahead , said the elm , supportingly .
i can try , if you want , said the elm .
it sure was , said the elm .
and your elm .
an elm and a juniper .
she , and that elm friend of hers .
but then he thought of his juniper , and his elm , and it un - crazied again .
me , the juniper , the elm , and the canary island pine down the street .
you would nt hold out on us , asked the elm , hoping to be helpful .
so in unison it was impossible to tell the juniper from the elm .
then : that s how we talk , said the elm .
the elm again astounding the pine .
over five thousand years old , added the elm .
and now and then the elm listened in .
and now the elm wanted to know how it felt for a human to be a tree .
so how could you miss it , suggested the elm .
well , perhaps he was surprised that it had taken so long , and a little surprised that when harry did return this time , he returned much like the juniper and elm return to him every morning .
of course , echoed the elm .
i d like to hear it , said the elm .
so , lets hear it , said the elm .
as he emerged into the daylight the sight of the great beeches and elms were worth the few minutes in the tunnel , they overhung the line in great masses ; squirrels chased and played in the branches gathering their stores of nuts for winter , birds chattered and trilled to each other in the leafy canopy .
schulke sent the others to move three regulators he deemed too close to an elm branch , and to secure items that could be blown around , both inside and out .
when we got to the road that bordered the campus , i noticed the leaves on the oaks and elms were beginning to change .
chapter twenty - two : locker room etiquette i gazed over my leafless elm , the window dusty with dead pollen , and saw people dressed in layers and jackets .
checked to see if my room was locked and the elm tree looked wilted but i figured it was the cold .
with a single pull , i closed the blinds half way and looked at the elm .
i watched them destroyed my elm .
there where choruses of amens and lord have mercies but when the pastor closed the prayer with the final amen , the children were the first to bolt out the door of the church , running to the picnic tables under the elm trees .
as the afternoon progressed and having eaten as much as they could stand , the pastor and his wife sat back against one of the old elm trees in the picnic grounds and watched the kids chase each other with sticks and rocks .
we were sitting under an elm tree in the park across from the school .
it was an exquisite january morning , with the charms of a mild winter scene the hedgerows sprinkled with red berries and haunted with low twitterings , the purple bareness of the elms , the rich brown of the furrows .
the archery - ground was a carefully - kept enclosure at the farthest end of the park , protected by tall elms and a shading screen of hollies .
commanded beta breathlessly , pausing by an elm tree and a pair of peacocks chatting to a couple of anacondas .
` ` there 's an elm that must have escaped the dutch elm disease .
` ` there 's an elm that must have escaped the dutch elm disease .
gunman massacres three at elms road amusement park , read the headline .
this morning , i got one of the first calls to elms road amusement park .
gunman massacres three at elms road amusement park .
the elms made the air fresh .
below , past the back wall of the house , was a small courtyard , maybe ten feet deep and twenty wide , paved in uneven brick and overhung by a young elm leaning in from the back - left corner by the fence .
we will meet you in the parking lot of happy shopper market by the elms .
bootsy left the school on the corner of main boulavard and elm avenue .
a few acres made up the rest of the park with large umbrella elms spaced equally apart .
elm trees cast dappled shadows over the occasional adobe cottages and log cabins that appeared along the winding rio fernando .
the light was beginning to change for the season , slanting lower in the sky , dusty shafts of it silhouetting the heavy limbed elms lining the streets .
golden sunlight just tipped the tops of the elm and ash trees that overhung stone street , and down the block i heard jake biccam pounding metal - on - metal outside his shop next to the community garden .
we left aaron leaning on the 300 studying an elm and walked towards the funeral home .
two palm trees at the end of the courtyard separated the house from the broad expanse of the fields beyond , and a mixture of elm and pine bordered the main road and the short approach to the house .
a large oak and two elms had lost nearly all their leaves ; only two large fir trees at the end of the garden moved with the wind .
a late 19th century swivel desk chair in walnut with brass castors and replacement brass studded green leather hide seat and a vast improvement on the antique elm stickback dining chair that had once sat there but now occupied a corner in his bedroom .
the study was regally appointed in elm and oak , with glass windows along the far wall and an inlaid desk sitting to the right .
she dismounted , looping the leather reins over a young elm tree .
it was only three miles to sarahs mill , but to joan it felt as if a lifetime had passed before they drew up in a stand of elm just out of sight of the structure .
and she lived at the corner of elm and second .
i sat on the loveseat and stared at this addition : paulas apartment - second and elm - purple with some shade of blue trim .
most of the kids on the cross country team are going to the bella via in elm grove .
they stood in the shade of the front porch as the morning sun sent rays through the elm branches mottling the sidewalks and street with shadow and light .
she had a definite peterborough accent , where a film becomes a fillum and an elm becomes and ellum and any un becomes on .
there are many trees there , deciduous mostly : maple , elm , ash and hickory ; a lot of them planted by mourners as everlasting tributes to their departed .
carlos , spinelli and i stood back a ways , under a large elm for shade , the same tree carlos and i stood beneath to get out of the rain last year .
the house was a one - story , ranch - style , redbrick structure set back from the county road and heavily shaded with thick oaks and elms .
he pointed to a small hill covered with oaks and elms and said , ` ` we were up there , seth and me , hiding in the woods .
` ` the hangman 's elm . ''
he pointed to the hangman 's elm .
park was waiting in the cool green shade of an elm outside his building .
rather than call her , he sank into the antique leather chair placed behind the custom carpathian elm desk that had sat in this office for generations .
` ` tell your driver to park directly in front of maggie 's bakery on 5 th street , between elm and mulberry streets , and to call you when he is in position . ''
we had a rope swing hanging from one of the big elm trees that would swing out over the lake ; i remember we would start at the top of the embankment and run down this worn path and swing as hard as we could .
and you got aspens , some of 'em tall , not to mention those three big birches at the front of your house and the elms close to the river . ''
chapter ten grape kool - aid i was lying in the rope hammock between the two elm trees that butted the front edge of my mom and dad 's big , square , cement front porch , my eyes on tate and mack who were both standing at the raised bottom end of the huge pond that took up the side of our long front yard .
her bedroom in palo alto was shaded by a huge elm and she 'd never heard so many birds singing all at once .
tall oaks , majestic hickories and sweeping elms inhabited the land , still surprisingly green for november .
to the left of the house was a large paddock , where three graceful brown mares were grazing beneath a shady elm tree .
she saw the familiar elm tree ahead of her , the wilkinson familys gravestones at its foot but then stopped in dismay .
cami stared out the window , mesmerised by the giant elms lining the street , by the neat two - storeys with their pruned hedges and three - foot wrought iron fences , by the sense of dj vu building a forbidden image in the recesses of her mind .
leaving sarah a note so she would nt worry , kyrah wrapped a heavy shawl around her shoulders and ran down the long drive between the two rows of cornish elms that stood like skeletal sentinels , bared by the winter wind .
kyrah nodded firmly , then ran up the stairs so she could watch him from an upstairs window as he walked down the long drive between the rows of huge elms .
the book quickly became as much a companion to her as ritcherd did , and they would sit for hours in a particular spot on the moors where a cluster of oaks , birches , and elms gave them shady retreat and a perfect view of the birds as they came and went .
the light faded , drawn to the horizon behind a grand speckle of elms and oaks .
she could make out the different elms , oaks , tupelos , and locusts , but she could n't see anything else amongst the trees .
we were about fifteen at the time , we were standing under the old elms , sycamore , and oaks when maurice devlin went by .
her insides went dead and hollow as a diseased elm .
he parked in the shadow of a large elm , across the street and half a block away from winifred abbott 's stately victorian home .
the street was lined with elm trees already in leaf and there were tulips and daffodils in front of almost every house .
luce looked through them at the dense grove of ancient elm trees across the road .
then she noticed two brown - robed clergymen sitting apart from the crowd on a wooden bench beneath an elm tree .
emily sucked in a breath at the sight of the nine - hundred - foot - long walkway that was flanked by elms on either side .
fraser shook his head , the movement barely perceptible , as they were passing under the great row of elms along the east side of the park .
downtown , she parked in the shade of an elm tree and left her car without bothering to lock the door .
i leaned down and plucked an elm leaf from his hair , trying to think what on earth to do with him .
jamie pursed his lips and squinted thoughtfully at the brilliant sun streaming through the elm trees that edged the lawn at river run .
a side street offered shade , in the form of a number of large elms that had been planted so as to overhang the street .
add perhaps slippery elm , for its soothing effects on the intestinal tract - though such effects were likely to be so slight as to be unnoticeable against the ravages of such a virulent onslaught .
and leaving jamie standing under a heat - stricken elm , he strode purposefully toward the gates of the palace .
agrimony , slippery elm , pellitory - of - the - wall ... ah , there it was .
it was a hot , humid day , but the sky was clear and blue , and great elms and hickory trees overhung the road , cool leaves filtering the sun .
tall elms bordered the walled garden ; somewhere beyond those stark bare branches lay the mountains .
i glanced through the window , where the elm trees were lashing to and fro like flails .
drawing near , my eye was filled with plump smooth bodies and bead - bright eyes , set like jewels in a background of velvet green , darting among the leaves of oak , elm , and chestnut , carefully tended trees rooted in mulched pots set on the floor of the cage .
the weather was fair , and i could see blue shadows lengthening under the elms to the west when i stood on my table to peer out .
we were headed away from the house , toward the cluster of sheds in the shadow of the elm grove .
husband had n't abandoned his argument , either - he never did - but barlow had at last succeeded in extricating himself , and was restoring his tissues at the refreshment tables under the elm trees in company with some sympathetic friends , who all cast periodic glances of disapproval in husband 's direction .
taking my arm , he steered me across the lawn and into the patchy shade of the elms .
the echoes of the recent commotion had faded ; a vireo sang from the branches of the elm above us .
slippery elm bark .
there was a light wind , and the elms near the barbecue pit whispered restlessly overhead .
she had a big yard with bird feeders and a tire swing - he remembered with fondness a tire swing his father had hung from an old elm that had probably long since been felled by disease .
they 'd found a grove of elm trees upon a hillock from which they had a clear view of the french as they busily went about setting up camp .
the week before her coming - out ball , he climbed the elm outside her bedroom balcony , and snuck boldly into her room .
without care for his tan - colored breeches , rhys plunged through the hip - high shrubs , rounded a large elm , and found a small sitting area on the other side .
red maple , beech , slippery elm - cassie could identify many of them now .
there were elm trees everywhere along the canals , and these seeds were blowing out of them .
augustus pulled me out of the room and through the door to the late spring morning and the falling confetti of the elms .
but god , was it beautiful , the creek carving a path around the huge tree , a heron standing still at the water 's edge , searching for a breakfast amid the millions of elm petals floating in the water .
` ` brandon powers kissed me at the church social behind the elm trees .
someone had stood by her big elm tree .