there was one bathroom , and the kitchen and living room bled into each other so much that they were really considered one entity .
if i ' m not married by the time i ' m twenty - five years old , the three factories in scotland , the one in manchester and all the other entities my father accumulated over his lifetime will be shut down , the equipment inside each factory will be dismantled and sold for parts , the actual buildings in which these factories are house in will be blown up and over one thousand families will be out of a job . ''
` ` it was my fault vladimir and his mistress were murdered , because i refused to honor past deals with certain entities . ''
pain was a living , breathing entity , and it roared from inside her as it settled in , making a permanent home in the black emptiness where her heart used to be .
` ` detecting an unauthorized entity .
we were two damaged souls and together we were a self - destructive entity .
they 're in actuality two halves of one entity and when they 're placed correctly one can observe it in their physical contact a oneness , which is unique .
it plastered her body to his , seeking to merge so completely he could never be a separate entity from her .
not even an entity by itself .
boring , boring , primarily a financial entity but ... largest shareholders in the debeers ... a virtual monopoly of quick silver mines .
have you forgotten what that bloodless troll he is engaged to and those reptilian entities masquerading as his family did to you the last time ?
` ` yes , well , '' daisy said softly , ` ` pillows and crochet work are dangerous entities ... '' he snapped her an irritable look .
why would another department store chain , or any other entity , decide to take us over at a time like this , when we 're in debt up to our ears for all our expansion costs ? ''
ryan hung on his every word , his eyes rapt as he watched this larger - than - life entity who 'd entered and filled his limited world .
and then , even if i were the monster he painted me to be , knowing you , you 're the expert in leashing all sorts of terrible entities , harnessing their potential damages into benefits for all . ''
he stood there , for the first time in over twenty - five years unable to think , powerless to act , waiting for another entity 's whim to decide his fate .
` ` first , i ' m a different species , then a species incapable of procreating with humans , now we get to the specifics about what kind of inhuman entity i am .
her very vibe transmitted a totally alien entity to the one he 'd thought he 'd have to contend with .
when she did n't answer , only slipped from his arms to close the door , turned to look at him out of some other entity 's eyes , he moved closer like a panther careful not to let its prey realize it would be a meal in seconds .
` ` you 're letting your brother , the region 's most uncontainable force , enter a union with my nie ... my daughter , the region 's most volatile entity , and you 're promising me the best results ?
and since i need it to be covert , i need to buy glamplay under a different entity . ''
she moved against him , felt his inner pulse like a living entity .
i felt like my body was a separate entity , and as he pleasured me , bringing me closer and closer to physical release , my mind embraced and reveled in all of the love and security he offered .
the name of a goddess of the moon had been such a misnomer for the sunny entity she 'd been .
and if that new , reckless entity that had been awakened inside her told her that she could n't wait to go wherever he led , she smacked it silent .
a scowl seized his face as he swung around to the offending entity .
his gaze sharpened , the steel luminosity of his irises flaring and subsiding with the flames of the torches until it seemed that the shifting shadows and golden lights they cast over his face would expose some supernatural entity that his magnificent body housed - one who examined her with brooding , malignant amusement .
tell me the almost tangible entity i sense between us exists , that i ' m not having a breakdown and imagining things . ''
` ` the ... entity exists . ''
it was as if his magnificent body was a shell , housing an entity of overpowering intellect and annihilating disdain .
under their omnidirectional light , each steep undulation created occult shadows that seemed to metamorphose into shapes , entities .
and even though she 'd been and still was in mortal danger , and the emergency light at his feet cast sinister shadows over his hewn face , as if exposing some supernatural entity lurking inside him , she could n't remember a time when she 'd felt more ... energized .
that perfect body housed a dangerous , merciless entity .
even his view of her as a life - leeching entity was backed up by the general public 's view of her , an image she 'd never contested .
besides a face that would make gods weep with envy , the ancient birthright encoded in its every line , his semi - exposed body made it seem that he 'd stepped out of a middle eastern fable , an entity of infinite magic .
giving up trying to understand this baffling entity , yet refusing to give him an answer , she turned away , headed to the lavatory .
` ` enough to risk letting such a lethal entity within reach ?
but since jala is the most intractable entity i have the misfortune to know and love ... '' at mohab 's raised eyebrow , kamal sighed .
` ` as you know , this affects the whole region and many intertwining international entities , each with their own complexities , interests and ideas about how to handle the situation .
he was again the unknowable quantity , the inaccessible entity he 'd been .
adam , who was never still while awake , remained motionless , all his faculties trained at that larger - than - life entity who was looking at him as if nothing in the world existed but him .
that he did have some ... entity inhabiting him , one that would n't be satisfied with anything less than taking those men 's lives .
the self - made , self - sufficient entity that he was would care nothing about others ' approval , anyway .
it was like its own entity , as it throbbed and grew .
her cl*t became a separate entity , tortured by the very blood that caused it to distend .
i was trying to think of her as her own entity , separate from lucah - as the woman who had rocked the interview , and i thought might be my new friend .
seventeen i stood just outside the hangar and stared at the sleek silver jet owned by one of the knights ' various corporate entities .
the tension between them that had , over the last few days , built into an enormous entity , exploded in a rush of molten lava .
the word did n't do justice to this entity between them .
his eyes shone like shards of mossy granite and he claimed my mouth with his as we imploded together , sensation and emotion twining and tangling through us as one entity , collapsing together , unsure where i began and he ended .
the kind where the love was its own entity , a living , breathing presence between two people , demanding to be felt .
in the weeks following the old guy 's death , hangover had become its own entity , but unlike the inmates , tierney did n't detest and try to hide - or hide from - it .
your employment was terminated via section six , paragraph three , subsection c which stipulates to whit that if your property is collapsed or otherwise merged into the superstructure of the corporate entity and reasonable placement can not be secured within the remaining capital investitures due to a superior employee occupying the position , you are not afforded continued employment in any manner , property , or franchise thereof . ''
where they were two entities bound together by one rope .
in that moment , we were one entity moving in perfect harmony .
having it as a legitimate entity makes financing and directing our operations much easier . ''
` ` the deal where perry media group acquired clozpin , along with several other entities under alex 's domain . ''
` ` the rawhide is two separate entities .
` ` i was under the impression the mckay ranch was one entity . ''
i knew what i 'd signed on for when i went to work for a governmental entity .
the sex they had had the night before still lingered , but the thick scent of her heat no longer hung in the air like a feral entity propelling them along like puppets on a string .
soulless , bodiless entities who could feel hunger and thirst and yet were never allowed to sate it .
cold and hungry , zarek had fought his way to the apollite village that protected the mysterious entity who had slain his people .
` ` malls , apartments , and such are owned by one entity .
if he took xirena up on her offer , he would have one more entity who could guard her at all times .
` ` it binds the life forces of two entities together .
jaden did n't answer as he walked to the bed where simone continued to sleep , oblivious to the fact that one of the most powerful entities in existence was close enough to touch her .
persephone smiled at her husband who was far from a sociable entity .
not from her standpoint , but since it was a weapon that could kill anything that breathed it was extremely valuable to him and to other nonhuman entities who 'd do anything to possess it .
she just could n't imagine an all - powerful entity calling this ... home .
our real names were forbidden , and he used those letters to further humiliate us by reminding us that we were his obedient servants and not our own entities . ''
one that could only herald the arrival of an extremely powerful entity .
a living entity , the candlelight danced against the walls in a way that made it appear the myriad of petroglyphs were moving .
not a single entity had come to offer him any kind of compassion or solace ... not even an apology .
if anyone could sneak them in under noir 's nose , it was the entity who shared that realm with him .
obviously menyara was a known entity here .
while her people believed in an overall divine being , and other paranormal entities , they did n't think of the great spirit as a god in the traditional sense of the term .
no other entities are invited to our party .
nick who , well according to him , was only living to piss certain entities off .
` ` sway , do not bruise the sacred entity .
machinery was like people , each a unique entity that had to be learned .
one whiff should not have affected him this much , and yet as he drifted through the dense crowd of people pretending to be aliens and paranormal entities , he could n't stop himself from trying to find her scent again .
and all paranormal entities were allowed inside where no one could harm them .
viper - vigilante international protectors elite regiment - was a multinational coalition of all types of unusual beings and powerful entities created to protect the world from supernatural predators .
he was an unknown entity .
almost as much as she hated sen . peeking through her sunglasses , evalle snuck a look at the nether realm where tribunals convened , a neutral zone for all entities who supported the viper coalition .
a tribunal was composed of three entities whose pantheons had no direct or indirect relationship to the situation surrounding the supernatural being in question .
not with three entities watching her .
evalle had come and gone quickly the last time she 'd faced a trio of entities .
the three entities exchanged glances , then turned their backs to evalle and brina as they conferred quietly among themselves .
i need someone with your power and lack of ties to any entity to take possession and wield the stone for us .
still , her working knowledge of preternatural beings , supernatural abilities , entities and anything related was pretty limited compared to quinn and tzader 's expertise .
stars crowded the black sky stretching from one side of the nether realm to the other , the perfect backdrop for glowing entities .
when the trio of entities finished talking , loki leaned against one of the columns that decorated the dais , and ares tapped his fingers on the hilt of the sword sheathed at his hip .
` ` then it 's an impossible task , '' evalle murmured , though brina and the entities missed nothing spoken in this realm .
the alterants are an unknown entity .
evalle would never use merciful in the same sentence with tribunal , three entities who perfomed the duty of judge and jury over agents in conflict with viper .
the problem is that alterants are an unknown entity .
before him was another entity .
most of the sorcerers had the ability to control matter or living entities in varying ways .
tension became a fourth entity in the alley .
the light pulsated , becoming more of a living entity as tendrils crossed the ceiling , dripping bits of bright light into shiny puddles on the throw rug .
from the sleeve of his sweater , a twisty , dark entity spilled into the space before him .
sometimes it felt as though some kind of foreign entity was invading my body .
his heart and his brain are two separate entities that do n't commingle .
` ` when gathered together , we make a person whom none of us knows well enough , perhaps , a fourth entity which we should give a name , because he is more than our collective selves .
` ` yes , it was this fourth entity , as you call him , who killed my friend , '' said stuart quietly .
and we know that the power , the future of this fourth entity , is unimaginable . ''
some mysterious entity had answered her and made her heart like ash .
her sword cut through the air like its own entity , reflecting light from bolts outside .
gaining distance away from whatever entity seems bent on tormenting him .
he blocks them out , his musings turning to the mysterious entity again .
each day the entity grows clearer as the sun sets and the room dims .
again the entity drops a pebble before floating the phone over to the corner .
holly said to the unseen entities , then tried the start button once more .
banshees were dangerous entities , able to draw enough energy from people to kill them , much like a psychic vampire .
like one entity , jenks 's kids swarmed trent .
` ` the rings will allow us to function as a single energy entity across the realities , '' al said , standing almost sideways to me as he looked out over nothing .
edden jerked to a horrified halt , and trent added , ` ` he was attempting to contact the entity we believe is trying to communicate through the wave .
` ` i ' m another entity .
` ` entity is gone .
` ` if she can survive the main entity , she might be able to draw all of them in , '' ayer said .
calling it a deity is no skin off my nose , and i do n't want any religious entity holding the rest of inderland hostage .
he had to know , the desire a living entity inside him .
his gaze had been a living entity , reminding me of the way he 'd kissed and caressed me , the way he 'd brought me to climax so many times .
little wonder hate was sometimes a living entity inside her .
as she gazed up at him , studying , contemplating , she saw desire so intense it was practically a separate entity .
now there was so much fury in her voice , it was like a separate entity in the hallway .
i could almost see it , like a living entity .
these titans were unknown entities .
once maddox had agreed to repay him for any aid rendered , the all - powerful entity had abandoned him .
a sinister entity who would not hesitate to curl his fingers around a human heart and squeeze .
the tempting whisper in the back of his mind , the dark entity that craved unspeakable evil .
it was becoming a living entity , another consciousness inside him .
while they were one and the same , she considered them separate entities .
but it was n't another entity , much as she liked to pretend otherwise .
once they both agreed , she would be trapped , the bargain a living entity inside her .
the gold once again disappeared from his eyes , the obsidian like a living entity .
answers were within her grasp , hope a living entity inside her .
she huddled in a corner , no more than twelve years old , the harsh material that covered her body like something out of a historic reenactment , tears scalding her cheeks , fear a living entity inside her chest .
a living entity , as real as the ice that flowed through her veins , a presence in the back of her mind , muted but always there , urging her to despise people , places , life , death .
his body was already badly beaten , weakened , but stil he fought , his rage like a living entity .
fury and frustration were living entities inside him , frothing and bubbling despite his recent fighting .
evil in its purest form , an entity very much like sex , urging him on .
what was one more entity ?
cronus had never been the all - powerful entity he 'd made himself out to be .
fury was a living entity inside him .
he could also identify supernatural entities based on the way they smelled .
sure , he 'd seen angelic entities on the battlefield from time to time ; he knew mason had as well , even while fighting over in iraq .
` ` young ones , it was a difficult test , '' the entity sang , a broad smile filling his face .
relief was like a separate entity inside me , rushing me , tackling me .
then i see the sculpture , a few hundred yards away from the doors we entered through yesterday , gloomy and massive and mysterious , like a living entity .
only a few hours after she tells us , this cancer has become a thing , a living , breathing entity that takes up just as much space in our house as any of us do .
and you do n't deserve to be the entity of other people 's cruelty .
those glistening entities made lilith , her story , her life , seem like more of a mystery to me , but one that i , somehow , felt more connected to .
` ` jason , '' i whispered , wishing i could be an entity of the past , reach out , touch him .
` ` um , in the oath , i have to say a word that translates to one entity .
the one entity can be any god you want .
there had to be some entity up there , somewhere , which ruled over all .
i murmured to myself , or maybe to that one entity .
but , like you said , this snake , this entity who came to you , it wanted you to realise the truth of yourself , right ? ''
a soulless , demonic entity , might better describe him . ''
why would anyone follow a dark entity when they can follow the light ? ''
but only if wielded by the hand of the king - an entity we do not posses .
i shut my eyes , clasping my hands under my chin , and whispered to that one entity out there , somewhere past the stars , beyond dark matter and planet jupiter .
as we circled the room , couples dancing nearby bowed their heads , stepping in wider circles to give us room , as if i were some kind of royal entity or something .
but to him , it 's a multidimensional entity .
we were not separate entities ; we had been one .
they could be screwing around in a foreign entity '' s investigation , and the bureau hated sticky political messes .
but they 're still two completely separate entities . ''
he points to the person on my left and progresses from count to count as each of the hooded entities state their father 's name and pledge themselves as a member of the countenance .
` ` you need help deciding which entity to be tonight ? ''
your failures have created a mockery of this plane as an entity .
something in this moment solidifies us , magically transforms the two of us into one spiritual entity .
why am i always the one with supernatural entities that demand my attention ?
i do n't care to ask what this enchanted gown will do or what spiritual entity comes with it .
this whole night , as an entity , is turning into one serious mind f**k . logan steps forward and does his best impersonation of an adult .
` ` that being some unknown entity has hired a pi .
finally , she explained how abby had centred her attention on her house as the sole , remaining entity that represented her grandmother , mother , father and , lastly , and most especially , jenny stressed , abby 's dead husband , the dear , funny , caring , attentive , beloved , faultless ben .
his nose nudged hers again , this time playfully ( a playful douglas , too , had once been an altogether unknown entity and she found herself shocked that she was actually getting used to it ) .
at the side of the bed , strong hands holding him back as he struggled , he watched as the faceless , dark entities that kept him hostage tore her out of the bed the other way .
once they located this elusive entity and steve took four attempts at parallel parking into it , they walked , or more truthfully , hiked the long distance from car to club .
` ` you think it makes sense that some unknown entity is stalking beatrice and royce 's souls through eternity ? ''
you could say it was spectacular , almost like a living entity , powerful , magnificent and impenetrable , perched for centuries on its cliff .
no , with cassandra mcnabb , the clairvoyant , white witch with good references and the mcpherson , an unknown entity , both who dispatched ghosts to hell .
cass felt another entity when we first came to this house .
that entity has disappeared too .
the third entity , we ' ve got nothing . ''
` ` and , this third entity - '' jack started .
` ` and , if there was some other ... '' he paused and then clipped out the word , ` ` entity , what would you be looking for ? ''
is there another entity , or not ? ''
she glanced around the table and then went on , ` ` second , if there 's another entity , we need to know who he is and what his purpose is here .
she looked around the table again and then continued , ` ` third , we need to understand what the children know about this other entity and their own situation .
` ` can i ask at this juncture , '' olive enquired sounding perplexed and not at all happy to be that way , ` ` what on earth you 're on about with ghosts , entities , reincarnation and corvettes ? ''
you do n't take it once and then , poof , entity gone .
other entities were recruited and my guess those ` ` other entities '' were marcus sloan and his be - suited , big - gun - toting army .
other entities were recruited and my guess those ` ` other entities '' were marcus sloan and his be - suited , big - gun - toting army .
cordell and glover just kept looking at me like i was some unknown entity as yet undiscovered , not like i was someone who served them coffee on more than one occasion .
the entity she sensed was buried beneath any retrieval , and they were safe from it , and that was actually all she needed to know for now .
` ` i ' m slowly adjusting to a new reality that includes superpowered teenagers and the entities that try to control them .
i always feel controlled by his shadow , as if it 's another entity in and of itself , another part of him which watches me when his back is turned .
microsoft and apple are two different entities in the same business , in competition with one another , but they keep up with each other because they have to .
a human vessel for a powerful entity . ''
i did n't know why , but it came as a surprise to me that people around the shade actually saw sofia and me not as separate individual entities , but as a unit working together to rule the shade .
they were almost like thoughts being inserted into my head from an outside entity .
he hated thinking of how he 'd found sissy in that cave at the quarry , everything that had made her a living , breathing entity left to rot in the damp earth , discarded as if she had been nothing but garbage .
the instant contact was made the entity dissolved into a loose pile of that powdery ground cover , the wind rushing in and blowing it away as if that were the task of the gust .
his grief was as another person traveling with him , an entity so tremendous and painful , it was separate from him and yet grafted to his very being .
amongst the many aspects of life that were straddled by an entity such as himself , the duality of his nature , both corporeal and ethereal , meant that he was not entirely free of contending with the physical travails of possessing flesh .
he needed to pay for the hurt he had caused and for his lack of courage and faith and for the fact that he had hurt the one entity in the universe who had always stood by him .
one of her friends down at the police station might be able to help with that ; although , given that the house was owned by a legal entity , she surmised he 'd done the same with automobile .
every night the unknown entity felt closer , more suffocating .
then again , henry always grouped them together as if they were one single entity instead of six individual beings .
it gave her , basically an unknown entity and certainly an untrustworthy one with all her evasions and secrets , too much power over him .
the fury that seethed inside ink felt like a separate living and breathing entity , one he could n't control .
gail 's a known entity . ''
people do n't exist as separate entities .
he 's an untried entity .
they contract with individuals , companies , even different police entities , to consult on or assist with various hard - to - solve cases .
since hunsacker and finch were out knocking on doors to see if they could find someone who might ' ve seen april along the highway the night she was killed , francesca had no problem with turning to an outside entity .
until the uda shootings , sophia had never joined forces with another police entity .
a part of me can not help but admit to the thrill to be had in such unrestrained wildness , riding faster than the wind itself , the entire pack moving like one graceful entity .
i can tell by the way her gaze swings from steve to lauren and back again , she 's not sure who is the more interesting and surprising entity in her dining room .
i bargain with god , with buddha , with every single higher entity .
most days , he was so caught up in equations and theorems that the mere existence of nonnumeric entities in the world took him by surprise .
` ` an unidentified entity , an ' intruder ' as you so blithely put it , has the weapon you were sent to retrieve ? ''
` ` as you know , the cia databases have been accessed by an unknown entity twice in the past week .
it was the first time she had ever visualized the growing being within her as a distinct and viable entity .
` ` one theory is that i have been possessed by an alien entity . ''
deliberately she fused herself and the pulser into a single entity .
the two of them felt like a single entity .
it wound and curled around her in dark currents , almost as if it were an entity of its own , and it loved her , like a loyal pet , existing to serve her and bring her comfort .
the process of fusion melded human tissue to that of plant , creating a symbiotic entity with all of the memories of the human being but none of the will .
both entities wove together and knew what to do .
magic was n't an entity .
the chasers are the defense entities produced by the ai .
the wolf did n't feel like it was a separate entity from me anymore ; it was me , but without all my fears , doubts , or hesitations .
power slithered through the room like a living entity .
` ` you must remember that there is a limited supply of all elements and energies ; you have the power to move these entities , not create them . ''
the way he sees it , colton is a known entity .
i was saved from further debate by the arrival of another entity on the scene .
` ` some say it does n't have to be exactly full ... just waxing near , if the entity is strong -- and i ' m assuming by now , after all these years , she is . ` `
until now simon and i had been very much together , but still very much our own entities .
during month four of the missing o , i 'd started to talk to my o as though she were an actual entity .
however , an additional entity began to assert herself once again , trying to influence the others .
but brax , you have to understand that gibbons is an unknown entity . ''
` ` and as for the black honda guy , i ' ve have n't seen anything suspicious for a while , but he is the unknown entity .
where the house 's guard captain , in this case luc , stood as head of the house 's small army of guards , the sentinel was responsible for guarding the house as an entity .
` ` i remain master of the house as an entity , of the vampires . ''
` ` i ' m the sentinel of the house , charged with protecting the house as an entity .
are those the acts of an entity that supports us ?
or are those the actions of an entity that tests us and provokes us ?
risking my life for the bank was one thing , but risking someone else 's life for the bank was an entirely different entity .
` ` two entities intertwined forever , destined to never share the sky at the same time , but never able to hate each other for it .
the thought of adrien becoming two entities at the same time forced another long moan from between her lips .
the sudden turn of events , when she and reyes had discovered that sweet dove was the powerful force behind starlin , that she was the terrible entity known as scorpion , still had her head reeling .
her blood glided down his throat , powering him , feeding the vampire , the entity that required her blood .
these men did n't deserve to live one second longer for their crimes , so he did what he 'd been able to do since he was young : he split into two separate battling entities .
he could n't be trusted , not when he 'd already proven more than once that he had a monster living inside him , a dark entity that liked dominance and control , that would take and take until he had claire at his mercy .
another shimmering brought a new entity between leto and greaves .
he touched his headset almost continuously now , shifting from one entity to the next , speaking softly the whole time .
again , the less threatening shape has given me a strong advantage when challenged by powerful third earth entities . ''
' no entity shall engage in a public display of military prowess . '
designated liaison officers from second earth interfaced with the local governing entities to make sure that everyone was behaving and not alerting mortal earth to the presence of either the dimensional world of ascension or the inflammatory nature of vampire biology .
however , he was convinced there had to be a conclave of seers somewhere , maybe someplace secret , maybe heavily misted by an unknown entity .
that a very powerful entity has discovered our location with the intention of securing some of our seers . ''
there are numerous detailed stories about the occasional , but rare , visitation of third earth entities to second society .
i ' m calling all three entities .
she felt the power around her as a living , breathing entity , as something that was unified while at the same time belonging to each individual separately .
unless he dies during your test run , please see that he 's delivered to the appropriate entities .
but as her intention of doing harm to rith became more and more focused , her power sharpened and she knew there was one entity she could contact , nothing could prevent her , not casimir 's fourth ability , nothing .
he drew in his wings to close - mount , folded his sword into his hand , and aimed at a spot next to whatever entity was folding so close to the crowds .
she 'd also tried contacting copass again , trying to impress on that worthless entity that owen stannett needed to be removed from service as high administrator of the fortress , but all that came back to her was a voicemail from daniel harding , chairman of copass and secret death vampire , in which he spoke one word : ` ` nonsense . ''
when he was calmer and while he was still inside the pretty - boy 's mind , he moved around the shrouded entity as though walking a mental circle .
the breh - hedden was n't just a sexual entity but demanded that he think of his woman in all respects , one of them being that she needed her rest .
disability insurance for these entities , which made liberal use of extensive and exotic fireworks displays , was exorbitant , like medical malpractice insurance on mortal earth .
the only thing he really did understand about leto 's warning was that he had to keep a lid on it , as in a deep mental shield so that anytime a powerful entity - like that prick - of - all - pricks , greaves - decided to do a mind - dive without medichi 's knowledge , he would n't find out the truth , at least not from him .
there were too many powerful entities present who would eventually see his mist for what it was : a projected image of a palm tree .
greaves could , which meant there was another entity on second with powers that could challenge hers ... so , yeah , shit .
` ` at the very least , each entity should be led by a person of vision , of passion , who understands the concept of a mission - oriented plan .
she felt other entities pummeling to get in , and knew she had a mere second to absorb this truth .
batya had only a split second , so from deep within , that part that communed with the dead forest , she begged the extraordinary entity for help .
but where either of these entities had come from , if they even existed , ethan did n't know , nor did any of the other realm rulers .
he recalled gerrod speaking of the great mastyr vampire and an ancient fae force , but did these entities exist or had they been the imaginings reported by a wraith in the throes of death ?
` ` there is an ancient fae power at large , something that i ' ve avoided addressing for the past several years because i have n't known what to do about this entity .
` ` you mean like this rogue fae entity that seems to be present , but which we ca n't pin down ? ''
then she felt it , the presence of the ancient fae entity , not far from her now .
he saw ry fly through the arched doorway and knew when both he and the fae entity had left his house .
because together ry and the fae entity had been able to enter his house despite the presence of his guard , he was n't willing to jeopardize samantha again tonight .
nor did he feel either ry 's presence or the fae entity , as he 'd come to think of this ancient woman , as an entity , something different from normal realm - folk .
nor did he feel either ry 's presence or the fae entity , as he 'd come to think of this ancient woman , as an entity , something different from normal realm - folk .
the fae entity would have seen to it , would have confused her , and she would have acquiesced .
and samantha could relate except for one thing : andrea never spoke of an ancient fae entity interfering with her , or muddling her mind .
the dark fae entity , the cause of all the trouble at the gorge .
he 'd drink from her while he bound her and because the fae entity still muddled samantha 's mind , it seemed an impossible situation to her , that there was no way out .
after all they 'd been through , surely , she could establish a connection and break the control that the dark fae entity had over sweet gorge .
unwilling to give him the satisfaction of her fear or to alert the fae entity to her clear mind , she remained very still , but every ounce of her spirit became focused solely on ethan .
he had new plans for finn and kyle and he meant to meet with quinlan and gerrod within the next week to begin planning long - term strategies to force the dark fae entity , and the great mastyr , out into the open .
parents would take extra precautions , neighborhood watches would be on guard again , and all volunteer policing units would gather with city entities to organize for increased patrols .
my relationships with them were separate entities .
which could be a bad thing if rachel winged a plate at her , but a good thing if an entity decided to show itself .
but he was glad that no disembodied entities had any interest in his house .
the entity wore a poke bonnet , a dusky mauve gown with a braided pelisse , and button boots .
i bargained and i bartered with an invisible entity to save him , to not let him go .
` ` i ca n't tell you all the details , but suffice it to say we have picked up on enough cell phone chatter from known terrorist entities to be ... concerned ... but we have n't been able to pinpoint the direct source yet .
but what 's wrong with us going to a known entity ? ''
despite the attraction , which had grown from a spark of desire into a tangible entity all its own , she 'd managed to rein in her own needs whenever he was around .
the new york press was an entity unto itself , creating celebrities out of athletes and saving headlines for the players ' personal lives .
standing like that , the two of them looked like one creature with two heads and four arms , an entity made doubly strong by having twice the strength and stamina , a being that just dared the world to try to smack it down , because it would give it right back double .
i was afraid that this strange entity was inside me now , that it had somehow gotten inside and pumped and pulsed rapidly through my veins .
the wind carried their scents , and as they approached , their bodies were more defined , appearing as a single dark entity with ten glowing eyes .
she was aware of the rage in him , a living entity , black and vicious and brutal .
gator 's gut churned , knotted , the rage moving through him like a living entity .
she had never seen so much malice , so much black hatred pouring from any entity .
fear was a living , breathing entity nearly choking her .
could the evil entity whispered about be a vampire ?
i ' ve never heard whatever the entity is called a vampire , but the languages have changed so much over the years , quite a bit is lost in translation .
if that evil entity was in some way influencing those traveling with them , was it so far off to think that he could be delaying them ?
she had to find a way to make her feel as if they were empowered - as if whatever this evil entity was they had a chance against him .
she whispered another soft chant to chain the evil entity inside .
the evil entity pushed back hard , striking again and again at her throat .
this evil entity knew her - or , more likely , her ancestor - and believed she was still alive .
whoever - whatever - this evil entity was , he was n't all powerful and he made mistakes .
if the evil entity feared arabejila , that meant he had reason to fear her and that meant he was vulnerable in some way .
she had to use every bit of energy and power she possessed to harness the volcano , to guide it away from the others - and that meant letting go of the evil entity she held so tight .
` ` whatever the evil entity is - and it feels masculine to me - it speaks the same language as the porter chanted when he killed my mother .
she already knew that evil entity was going to be coming after her .
` ` as you grow older and more comfortable , the two , wolf and man , become one entity ? ''
the four women joined their power , merged minds and became one single entity , one heart and goal - to stop the mage from his dark deeds .
the occasional friend here on the island had always been a temporary entity .
and then giles and i need to rack his brain about entities that take over animals to accost little girls . ''
her mouth ... that entity that alternately exasperated and teased him , with its top lip that was just a bit fuller than the bottom ... softened beneath his , fit to his lips , and gently brushed across his to one side .
angelica woodmore 's wedding plans were also progressing , if one were to judge by the number of appointments with flower - keepers and seamstresses and other entities , not to mention the swatches of material , scraps of notes and drawings , that had littered the parlor table yesterday .
they talked about their attacks and their beasts as if they were separate entities , as if they had no control over what happened when they were in wolf form .
it was like she and that knife were one entity .
i knew at least one of the entities that came up through my earth element , the ancient one , was there , reveling in the use of its essence above the ground .
i ' m sure she was just another nameless , faceless entity to director keef - somebody he 'd use and cast aside as it suited him .
i am so mad at him , my anger is palpable - a dark entity threatening to choke me .
shouts rose from behind us , and a shiver coursed down my spine as panic became a real , tangible entity in the club .
there are other entities moving in this world .
she did n't have the benefit of answers from supernatural entities .
he may have an entity of his own , said magnus .
was this some entity like justin 's ravens ?
` ` ' belief in fictitious entities is a threat to the fabric of society and must be assessed and regulated for the well - being of all citizens . ' ''
` ` you want to renew your license for worship of a fictitious entity . ''
` ` beliefs in a fictitious entity , '' she reminded him , drawing his attention back .
you ' ve created a hoax in an attempt to trick others into the worship of a fictitious entity .
only , this message comes from a reasonable set of humans , not a capricious made - up entity . ''
` ` are you seriously saying these make - believe entities of yours are part of this case ?
there 's a vacuum here , and entities we have n't seen for a very long time are rushing in , seeking followers .
i could also force entities somewhere else , like the underworld , which would bring about instant death .
a feeling came over him - came into him - and akiva experienced an entirely newfound awareness of ... of his own life as a discrete entity .
he paused , let his gaze move over them , as though they were entities capable of choice , and not mere soldiers .
scarab 's eyes did n't even widen , but only fixed on him and he was still again , held frozen in the act of rising to his feet , and suddenly intensely aware , as he had been before , when he felt an unseen presence in the cave , of the discrete entity that was his life .
it 's almost like the muse part of me is a separate entity all together , and she wants him to belong to her just like i do .
a copy was required first for the governor 's own official correspondence files , then for each person or entity having some interest in the subject of the letter , and , finally , several additional copies of any letters going to england or europe must be made , because they would be sent by different ships , in hopes that at least one copy would make it through , should the others be sunk , seized by pirates or privateers , or otherwise lost in transit .
all of them were breathing , hearts beating as one - and somehow they were supporting the stricken man , holding him as part of a larger entity , embracing him , bracing him .
the words he did n't say hung in the air like a tangible entity , his intent quite clear to everyone .
and if it was , what kind of entity could accomplish such a feat ?
it lashed out at me like a physical entity , like a slap in the face .
there was one entity responsible for almost all my sorrows , on source - fahl .
we wait for the doors to close , and with each ticking second , the sexual tension between us becomes a living , breathing entity .
the paper was technically a separate entity from the school to keep its anonymity .
a sticky red pool spread around them in an almost perfect circle , as if it had come from one entity .
apparently , it also assisted various government and private entities in conducting certain classified operations , which olivia deducted was a nice way of saying covert and clandestine services .
to the seraph it is as though the spider has fractured into two dozen different , yet identical , entities , each with identical mass and density , each moving along its own separate web line .
there is only one entity in all of golgotha falls who could have known desdemonas schedule .
i saw tiny entities floating in space .
i came here looking for an entity , a ghost .
if there was one entity she feared above all others it was queselda , her mother and the architect of all her suffering .
as for the psychological impacts , that was one of the main reasons we chose me to make the neural clone fromive already got a borderline personality , and having a split entity does nt bother me at all .
i envisioned a world where the biomechanical plant life revived the environment to the point where natural plant life was viable again , and the two entities lived side by side in harmony , our environment restored to a state not seen since the dawn of the industrial revolution centuries before .
there are several categories of entities .
the problem is that it is difficult to communicate with entities , which , for the lack of a better word , is how i refer to them .
she is the first entity i ve met where we have nt found out her previous lifes story .
he had asked ryan to ask vanessa and any entity he might come across about this .
ryan had said that any entity that remained on earth had not been to hell or heaven , and so could not help on that matter .
during her wanderings before we hooked up , she had found quite a few stuck entities , many of whom we have since been able to help .
also , how do you chat with a ghost when you are on the ground while said entity was careening through the sky and into a barn ?
it did nt make any sense from what he had learned from dealing with other entities .
ryans being alive may have been some protection against someone who could do that to entities , but vanessa did nt have that protection .
ryan could nt express in words his gratitude at these new and fresh points of view , ones that just might be the salvation for entities that he had come to know as friends , so he took a place mat and rolled it up into a cone , then wrote on it and placed it upon his head .
remember , each entity is different in talents and vulnerabilities .
barnes hospital was where she wanted me to go and she would nt say any more than that she found an entity that needed help .
mary , the entity , was sitting on the bed , with her left hand superimposed into her supine bodys chest .
both entities assured me they had tried .
both entities then waited as i tried to work things out .
most of the entities he had come across presented themselves with apparel they wore when they died .
we did a lot of traveling and helped quite a few entities move on .
all we could do , well all i could do since vanessa was no longer able to communicate with entities , was be of moral support and a brain storm resource .
each entity we ve helped knew what it was they had to do to complete their journey here , and we ve always been able to find our way to helping them do it .
with many adult entities , vanessa could not make physical contact .
our work with entities also kept us busy .
it was enough to have one friendly female entity in their midst .
i would like to know more about entities , what they can do , why they can or can not contact solid things or each other .
still , i ve done a lot of research on my own because of vanessa and the entities we were trying to help .
my magnetic exposure seems to have made me particularly in tune with the energy signatures that entities give off .
now , how about entities with entities .
now , how about entities with entities .
vanessa can pretty well get a visual and audio on every entity we come across .
also , the force of annies spirit when she died which tagged that large number of independent entities for her harvesting would likely have had a tuning in effect to all involved .
they are the mirrors of the soul and , with spiritual entities , the soul is nt buried as far from observation as it is with the living .
he nodded again to allen as he watched the two entities spur their mounts forward .
such cycles were adhered to by mortals and even more so by entities for whom centuries of similarity imbued a greater reliance on sameness .
now , both daytime entity shards were unhappy , but monkey was the most upset , by far .
as force and counterforce grew , once again the wavelengths given off by the entities were spread over a wider spectrum .
annie took her hand , half in sympathy , half in amusement , and in whole appreciation of sensing physical contact with another entity .
all of the files that speak of this ishnavaya entity are piggybacked by vast caches of junk data completely indecipherable information that was written fifty thousand years ago , in an encrypted prothean programming language .
all i know is that every single piece of the non - linear information we obtained from vigil centers around an entity or object named ishnavaya , we just did nt know it at the time .
a mystery older than any of the existing civilizations , the citadels keepers were an entity unto themselves .
the crucible and the virus were both unknown entities , but they carried the chance at allowing the civilizations of the galaxy to endure , to survive .
liara , garrus , javik all took a step towards the entity , but shepards face had turned rigid , her eyes wide and staring as the glimmering light from the protheans image played on her nerves .
the child stands before me , his laughing eyes give me seconds to choose the fate of the galaxy unholstering her last weapon , she fixed the holographic entity down the barrel of her gun with hands that shook and slipped with perspiration .
he turned to face the entity as tali moved behind shepard , preventing her from retreating any further .
all eleven individuals present regarded the entity that had resulted from the dissemination of the memory shard with ambiguity .
those races they are the entity stood motionless underneath the crucible .
the entity continued , an urgency tingeing its speech as harbinger continued its slumber .
shepard turned back with a fluid motion to face the entity of energy , her face at once both haggard and unfaltering .
the holographic entity heard her reality and understood it .
it was said : every thousand years an entity emerges from the outer ridges of existence and possesses a worldly soul .
a council of higher entities , he reported truthfully , and leaped forward .
he also realized that he was unable to tap off the metamorphic nerve tonic the dimensional entity somehow was administering .
tom jolted around , spooked by the boundless entity that radiated all godly and wrapped in a glory of overwhelming purity -- a flood of life energy poured forth like a waterfall and penetrated the lifeless harvest and revitalized the dead landscape .
there is only one entity capable of this task ; and that is you , the most elusive of the squad .
you will soon be empowered by my hatred , the entity bellowed .
the beams of light wove together and formed a humanlike entity that was translucent and magnificently glowing .
you are our champion , the entity said .
syznic was a known entity to the guru , having met him ten years ago , on the continent .
it was obvious to jenny that the overreaching feds ( along with the cartel bosses ) were purposely keeping the street prices high , which enabled more crime , thus justifying the growing police state , not to mention the all - powerful prison guards unions , among other pork - gobbling , pig - slopping , law enforcement industries and entities .
the government is the servant of these entities that keep them in control .
we really believe that perrypharm is the most logical and effective entity to move the patch forward .
the table and syznic industries are separate entities , and davids voice trailed off , but beta had a pretty good idea what he was thinking about .
he was selected , shanghaied , and sandbagged by entities of evil .
these entities in turn serve comco , better known as ' the consortium ' , which includes perrypharm , lori .
in its infinite wisdom , the united states government had decided ( and decreed ) that this technology was just too big , too vast , for just one entity to control .
now gog is of the opinion that the secrets of syznics contraption should be , um , shared with worthy entities , in order to dilute this , um , patchs impact on the greater economy .
one of greeds vehicles is the manipulation of the misleading entity known as the non - profit foundation .
anne : because you are insinuating that ncc is somehow part of some evil entity or something , and i resent it .
all of these entities are interlocked with sticky webs and strings in a death - grip , a living , breathing , putrid , three - headed monster !
even a day old dragon is a powerful enough entity that i probably could have gotten away with nailing it for you .
i said ` ` maybe it 's like a prayer ... to an intelligent entity , '' jack said .
several of the components are definitely organic , and so must have been bred , but they were probably grown separately in laboratories and grafted together , never forming a living entity as such .
they re artificial compounds and i ve never seen an entity require , but be unable to self - produce , them .
but i can tell you , that just like in your time the majority of the people living today believe that god exists , or at least some divine entity .
so unless you sincerely want that , you need god or at least some divine entity .
all characters , entities , events , portals , alternate worlds and the like in the daynight series , including clean slate complex , are fictional and products of the author 's overly active imagination .
cragg had seen the lad control the ship using the mysterious coloured sensors , with subtle hand movements , totally in command and understanding the ship as a complete entity , an extension of himself .
when awake it became the all encompassing entity it was now , destroying anything it came across , be it a relationship or a species .
behind him it seemed the dark entity had formed into a tornado of sorts and was chasing him down .
* * * the light subsided , and with it the anguished screams of a once powerful entity .
and with every new model comes a new cast , with upgrades and specifications , but each new generation also creates their own caste , a separate , branched - off social entity .
` ` that would be quite easy , i just do n't know how to introduce it to a living entity and if it would work the same .
the concept of sexual intercourse with another entity was as alien to him as breathing oxygen or consuming ground up bovine animals .
the thought of star sexually coupling with another entity was oddly exciting , but he felt threatened by it , too .
i m wondering if this che entity was one of the human gods , winston said .
robotic life forms were never designed to be independently functioning entities .
they turned as one entity to follow us , but their movements were lurching and slow , as though flaire 's commands were on a slight delay .
the formation appeared to be of an extraterrestrial entity that was holding out a disk with the message on it , which said , beware the bearers of false gifts and their broken promises .
the officer offered the entity a drink from his canteen , which it accepted .
a living , non - human being , was also discovered at this site by local law enforcement officers , who took the entity to los alamos national laboratories , where it is being cared for now .
i suggest that the term ` ` extraterrestrial biological entities '' , or ` ` ebes '' , be adopted as the standard term of reference for these creatures .
although the entity has no vocal cords , our doctors are conducting an operation that should enable it to speak .
it is a male entity .
he has developed a good working relationship with the entity .
dr . bush says , the next item of business is the condition of the first extraterrestrial biological entity .
the ebe is under the care of dr . mendoza , who is doing everything that he can in order to keep the entity alive .
he states , recently , an extraterrestrial biological entity that was captured after the crash of a ufo near roswell , new mexico in 1947 has died .
however , this entity was of great assistance to us , and before his death , he sent six messages to his home world and we received several signals back in early fall of this year .
the entity assisted us as long as he was alive .
after insuring that everything is functioning properly , evens monitors the following messages between an entity , by the name of kirok , and the national security agency : x : what is the purpose for the abductions and mutilations done by some alien species ?
there were references to beings originating from alpha draconis , the greys being from the orion constellation , entities inside the earth , and the essessani as being related to humans .
once in this receptive state , other entities are able to communicate through the meditator 's body functions .
automatic writing is the process whereby an entity controls the fingers of hands placed over a keyboard to type out information .
what follows is a dialogue between the channeled entity and a representative of the national security agency : ` ` greetings .
thus , only through prophets , and contact with world leaders , are we able to effect any change to the damage being perpetrated by malevolent entities from other worlds . ''
stan says , these entities maintain a group mindset .
there are definite hierarchies within their social structures , which provide for each entity to have specific duties to perform .
the delegate says , ` ` good bye '' and the delegation retreats as the two tall entities walk back into their craft .
however , he says , the time has come for us to reunite once again as a single entity in order to guide world affairs toward our ultimate goal of creating a one - world government .
these entities were the source for some of the legends of the past relating to gargoyles and valkyries .
the general continues with , there were a total of eleven dead alien bodies recovered from the crash sites and one living entity , which provided us with a lot of information and assisted us in establishing communications with his home world .
we referred to it as extraterrestrial biological entity one , or ebe-1 , until it died of natural causes in 1953 .
fortunately , another crash occurred in 1949 and a female entity , ebe-2 , was captured and is still alive today .
how do we explain our science to an alien entity , who does n't know einstein , kepler or any of the other scientists of our time .
they show the facilities for mass producing hybrid fetus entities .
this is a joint facility , used by both humans and extraterrestrial entities .
the clone will then function as the original , except that the entity is under alien control .
[ 10 ] just then , evens watches as a grey entity takes a small child into the next room .
` ` humanity as a collective entity may create whatever destiny it chooses for itself .
evens watches as this entity positions its head and eyes directly over his face , only about three inches away .
there is a tall grey entity sitting on a short stool holding an instrument in the womans vagina .
[ 12 ] a short grey entity walks up to him and evens senses him asking where he had gone .
[ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] i must say , for a government that denies the existence of extraterrestrials , it was quite a shock for me to see a majestic-12 group special operations manual entitled , extraterrestrial entities and technology recovery and disposal written in proper military fashion .
it covered recovery operations , handling instructions , extraterrestrial entities , and ufo identification .
the albino entity speaks in a loud and reverberating voice saying , you are accused of betraying our trust in keeping the extraterrestrial presence here secret .
the entity shouts , your species is too primitive and is incapable of making rational decisions regarding their own welfare .
the entity makes a loud and terrifying sound and shouts , how dare you speak to me this way !
very wealthy and powerful entities are conspiring , behind the scenes , to strip this country of its independence so that they can rule a one - world government .
however , people that have been abducted by grey entities have reported seeing a reptilian species on board the alien craft .
# description 1 white sands missile range http : //www.vivanewmexico.com / sw.wsmr.html 2 interplanetary phenomanon unit summary , intelligence assessment , part 5 , page 3 , found at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com / pdf / ipu_report.pdf 3 majestic twelve project 1st annual report , january 31 , 1948 , page 9 , annex a , part 11 , found at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com/ pdf / mj12_annualreportcover.pdf 4 interplanetary phenomanon unit summary , intelligence assessment , part 2 , page 2 , found at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com/ pdf / ipu_report.pdf 5 interplanetary phenomanon unit summary intelligence assessment , part 6 , page 3 , at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com/ pdf / ipu_report.pdf 6 top secret orders for a team to depart , july 4 , 1947 found at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com/ pdf / ipu_fieldorder.pdf 7 mission assessment of recovered lenticular aeroddyne , part 7 , page 3 , at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com/ pdf / twining_whitehotreport.pdf 8 majestic-12 group special operations manual extraterrestrial entities and technology recovery and disposal , chapter 3 , recovery operations , section i security , pages 8 and 9 , on the internet at address : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com/ pdf / som101_part1.pdf and som101_part2.pdf 9 interplanetary phenomanon unit summary intelligence assessment , part 5 , page 3 , at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com/ pdf / mj12_annualreportcover.pdf 10 the roswell incident , by charles berlitz and william moore , grossett & dunlap , new york , c1980 , witnesses speak - the town remembers , pages 77 and 78 11 ufos and the national security state by richard m. dolan , keyhole publishing company , p.o .
10 the u.s . government and extraterrestrial entities , by richard k. wilson and sylvan burns , regarding aliens and the government , 1989 n.a.r , the secret treaty 11 matrix ii , by valdamar valerian , leading edge research group yelm , wa .
12 matrix ii , by valdamar valerian , leading edge research group , yelm , wa , 1990 , primary physical characteristics of the grey entities , page 81 .
15 extraterrestrial entities and technology recovery and disposal special operations manual , by the majestic-12 group , april 1954 , found at : http : //www.majesticdocuments.com / index.html .
she shouted as she pounded on the door and watched through the window as the entity sank into williams .
sahi noticed that the other two entities were outwardly placid and , by comparison , she was rippling as little pieces of her kept trying to fly away .
the other entity sent a thread of amusement that sounded like a chuckle as it said , and my name is michael .
therefore , i must say with a great degree of certainty , there must be an entity , or entities , that fulfill the requirements of being a god , he smiled confidently and looked at andra .
therefore , i must say with a great degree of certainty , there must be an entity , or entities , that fulfill the requirements of being a god , he smiled confidently and looked at andra .
now it was mothers time to make an ultimatum , newly acquired programing has given me advanced interaction , it is now possible to replace weapons and power systems and command this attack unit as a singular entity .
though what he would do it if did find them he did n't know , if they had the power to turn whole planets to giant balls of dust a single entity such as himself stood no chance against them .
whilst eating it occurred to him that the one entity he did trust completely was the ship .
with so much money being spent on ladders instead of new shelves and hospital bills , the kulm quickly became the richest entity in the system .
at first i thought it was one massive blob - like creature with hundreds of arms and legs , then i realized it was a grouping of creatures creating the illusion of a single entity .
the computer entered an unprecedented high state of limbo , causing the system to affect not only living creatures , as it is supposed to , but to also have the power of trapping specters , spirits , elementals and other non - living entities .
he began to rant about ridiculous prophecies that he thought were being channeled to him from the missing entities of jupiter .
did you actually have a connection with some sort of entity ?
they circled high above the ocean , relishing their oneness , and then , acting as a single entity , they flew over the city towards the tree - covered hills in the centre of the guadalcanal .
it also enabled them to fuse their minds , so that they became a single entity with access to both their memories .
3 if , by the miracle dolphin telepathy , adam and eve are able to merge into a single neurospace entity with access to both their intellects and memories , then so will their progeny .
its a neurospace entity that babys seeing by telepathy .
all these rivers and oceans and lakes appear like separate entities , but they re not .
you do nt mean that place of oceans along with myriad of wastelands and ignorance : the one filled with the entity with no name ?
this entity rules there , and no matter what you think we have to start over .
what about this entity ?
he is a vast and far - reaching as any entity that i ve ever heard about .
there is one who fears the entity and fights against him .
some say that the entity created them , then they turned against them to rule but lost .
i am certain if this entity notices you and that you re purposely mingling with his people that he would be willing to destroy his entire domain in order to kill you , then he would just start over again .
they always respected noah but called him an entity fanatic .
it is yahweh ; you call the entity of this world .
he actually had begun to appreciate noah more than the rest ; and at weak moments , he wanted to know more about his entity , but got over it quickly .
he always hoped he could go to the earth world but did not want to take a chance on the entity of their world to intervening , then for some reason the earth portal was closed .
in addition , the entity of that world was a big unknown that he had not rather deal with , but he was getting desperate .
what about their entity as you have mentioned before ?
my entity , as you call him , likes intuitions and feelings too .
i know nothing about your entity so i will just trust your feelings as well as mine .
what about your entity ?
oh , sure , you entity did all this , responded samlazaz , even more sarcastically .
could your entity have planned for the dark ones to come just as we suspect they are ?
is your entity a master chess player ?
lamel was concerned about the entity , what about noahs entity ?
lamel was concerned about the entity , what about noahs entity ?
lamel asked , are the dark - winged ones the ones who apposed the entity from their place of heat and fire ?
this is noah of the noah clan , father , he is our friend and a friend of the entity you talked about .
really , well any friend of the entity needs to be a friend of mine .
samlazaz asked noah , noah , where is your entity ?
your entity , commented samlazaz .
i count four major space stations with armaments , and seven minor stations , likely commercial entities , sir .
yeahyou said the entities that took that guy from the forest were blue skinned ?
they saw the mind as a separate entity from the body and it was the only part of a person that had real value .
if you wish to cross reference my entity with any other species , please feel free to do so . ''
she screamed to the faceless entity overhead .
it is a sentient , biomorphotic plant entity that can change , including incorporating itself into other matter , living and non - living . ''
it is not a living entity .
danny callbeck was being physically attached to a symbiotic entity .
bagram airbase at night became almost another entity altogether .
we must find a way to stop these powerful entities from taking the entire territory .
android 66 is probably the most dangerous and most powerful entity in the cosmos .
i am now being released from the imprisonment of the infection , the entity projected with its mind .
let me tell you the secret of the crystal , the entity said .
the entity continued , we are many , but we are one .
the voice of the entity began to sound weakened and diminished as the infection inside the crystal left .
helen began to concentrate once again on the fragment but was not able to make complete contact with the entity .
i wanted to let the entity know that we cared for it , glenda said as she continued to sob .
they embraced and wept on each others shoulders for the injured entity .
do not be concerned , the entity said .
continue to focus your minds on reaching kate , the entity said as it took a pose as if standing on the edge of a diving board .
she was now at the center of the sphere , jhahnahkan on one side and the entity holding her uprigth by her legs .
immediately they appeared in their minds within the sphere with the entity standing at the center in an almost human appearance .
the entity had a look of great intelligence on his face as well as genuine concern .
do not be afraid , the entity said without moving his mouth to speak .
helen had a big smile on her face , and tears began to well up as she saw the entity that had the likeness of her husband .
you that are among us that have not experienced the full presence of the crystal , the entity said with an assuring tone , be at peace .
jhahnahkan stood in front of the entity .
helen , the entity said , turning to her , you have not revealed the truth to jhahnahkan ?
this is the ship that i was led to by the entity within the power crystal back on earth .
what entity ?
in his arrogance , the sorcerer did n't realise that luton also managed , though barely and without conscious awareness , to reassert his uniquely individual identity in a display of defiance and will to survive as an entity that even a sophisticated practitioner would envy .
abek acedar to kher abus unseen one of shadowlanders acedar fourth ranked warrior aceke mishtok adept senior conclave member alfar mate of melas alicia mate of sarehl alleghy elite haskar ambros inhabited world arth qaran asok leader of the steppefolk / sinhalien asqarn archmage of yarilo second age autchek churchik seer / warrior autoc yarilan mage badran southern ale barkashad slave overseer beduar fifth ranked warrior bene - yarilan mage benhloriel name contracted to bene bensar elite haskar/ warlords second in command benth unseen one of mages bethel son of alfar and melas blach southern sorcerer blenharm forest forest north of ortok brue son of melas and bruno bruno second mate of melas cardon forester catlin entity associated with mages and nymphs cartok state north of samar chamah ruler of dahkilah chika premier southern slave trading city chlo daughter of sarehl chlorien daughter of melas also known as myme chlo chlorim brother of alfar chloronderiel revered ancestor of the shadowlanders / the patriarch choice samar mating celebration churchik martial southern race of warriors conclave made up of reader / seeker healers correc vaksh / churchik warrior crue unseen one of wildwind tribes cynthas ambrosian nymph / benes mate cyrenic mountain people led by kalor dahkilah central mountain ambrosian state dalmin qaran daxel known as dase / twin son of alfar and melas demeth slave and ex - lover of lodestok dire son of unseen ones huma and sympho disah gnosti dramas dragon from ice isle druan ancient civilized and advanced southern culture eilen ancient dragon / mate to estbane elbah sarssens mother / yazd elbe visitor to ortok eli ensores brother elibera capital of dahkilah elite haskar top ranked churchik warrior emil khers acedar ensore forester / chamah - elect estani butterfly dragon estbane ancient dragon estibe ancient southern musical instrument faradhi people from southwest ambros gariok warlords bard / dominik goldlas ice crystal dragon gnosti little people of the northwest grengol ancient dragon guardians of ambros the rox han khers acedar harth dragon haskar senior churchik warrior second to the elite hasuran asoks formal title ice crystal rare dragon ice isle dragon home jaden reader / seeker post - level three jaim gnosti / son of disah jane slave pikeman kaleb - healer / reader - seeker kalor cyrenic karek name given to luton on the slave caravan kerulen southern race kher elite haskar / warlords third in command lachir keep in the deep south of ambros lban ortokian lais unseen one of the gnosti laras autocs partner lektos the rox responsible for yarilan mages lenten northernmost samar city - state leon adept of the conclave lian son of bruno lilium world of the rox linho southern steppefolk lodestok warlord / saratquan lokar post - level four reader / seeker lus acedar to kher luton known as lute / twin son of melas and alfar mahdia central ambrosian state malekim mage from yarilo manas churchik boy marl unseen ones of dragons marshal ensore as head of the northern army mashhad southern state melas daughter of cynthas and bene / mate of alfar and bruno mellilla central state minac unseen one of the conclave misa unseen one of the southern steppefolk mishtok head of the conclave of reader / seekers mist cartokian guard monseignore title for the mishtok morjar name of healer in warlords slave train morsh also known as morjar/ adept of the conclave myar small samar city - state mylasca adoptive mother of melas myme chlo daughter of melas / also known as chlorien nakron duke of sushi norsham samar city - state nuur southern people obli unseen one ohb blachs henchman ongwin dahkilan soldier / statesman onscre malekims mother orlos painkiller and energy elixir qara central mountain state queeb blachs henchman quineth stimulant reader / seeker member of the conclave reverence the mishtok rox guardians of ambros and yarilo saad fey folk of the southwest sache dahkilan sadekak sindabaran town samar large confederation of central city - states saratquan warrior lord of southern city - state sarehl eldest son of melas and alfar / strategos saren adoptive father of melas saren sarehls son sarssen third ranked warrior - tempkar / churchik / yazd sasqua churchik / bethels mate scholar mage seignore adept of the conclave setoni adept of the conclave shahdan benes mother shek churchik warrior siar small samar city - state sinhalien southern steppefolk sophos guardian rox soryn archmage steppefolk sinhalien strategos sarehl sushi large northern duchy sympho unseen ones of the rox sython third city of the cartokians taki capital of sushi tealo looked after brue tempkar third ranked warrior tsinan steppefolk southeast ustomi ruler of cartok vaksh southern people valshika lodestoks premier southern city - state warlord lodestok warrior lowest sixth ranked warrior class yarilo mage world yazd fey southerners with a range of characters rivalling ` ` war and peace , ` ` the ambrosian chronicles '' is a unique fantasy saga of epic proportions .
when he opened his eyes again , he saw the canine entity still gently panted in front of him .
luton sensed both amusement at , and affection for , the boy in the entity he 'd partially become .
` ` watching you choose your path , '' corrected the tree - shagi entity .
the northern army was now a cohesive entity but it was untried .
mostly acting like they were possessed by some entity form that form osiris 's familiar eye color change ability before its willed away and doing something that favors osiris himself .
tom discovered that the possession was some entity form that made him think it was sinister .
in the six hundred years since the vanishing , the world had become an independent entity .
besides the single , unifying entity , billions of co - evolved smaller creatures lived within it symbiotically .
but it evidently attracts entities with powers , including dragons and perhaps witches .
our god is three entities in one .
the lottos giant information cow was eventually taken over by government entities , and it evolved into the sin record , the ultimate social control over everything people did to buy , sell , eat , play , work , travel , and just be human .
if you are a rogue entity ... '' he spread his hands apart and shrugged , letting the rest hang in the air .
even then , all the circumstances are not the ones most people are used to hearing for some of these known entities , since i do not believe anyone besides me is outing them as having been contacted by aliens .
direct results from this sixth re - set also include the changes in impact that armed conflicts have for the entities , below , since the conflicts are much briefer or do not occur at all due to alterations in the invading people 's attitudes , purposes and behaviors as well as marked differences in the indigenous peoples ' comprehension of and responses to the invasions : indigenous peoples in australia from the u.k . invaders ; indigenous peoples in the north , south and central american land masses from various european invaders ; colonized countries and their colonizers , in africa , the west indies , atlantic islands and india .
one general law and its codicil apply to all dissolutions and divorces : all contracted parties to the marriage bond must be released from the bond without prejudice so that each participating being leave the bond in equivalent economic condition to any other and all offspring nurtured by the bond continue to be adequately nurtured by all responsible entities for as long as these descendents require nurturing .
her usual confident self had disappeared , replaced by a quivering entity more akin to a biological jellyfish .
robots occupied the lower rungs entities that could be looked through and talked past , like the human servants of old .
the dru being pushed rearward in retreat back into another territory , the advancing nenthars unimpeded , for each corporation was in entity nearly separate from another , and technology isolated , so that it was varied in implementation .
we do not support those entities who would use earth humans for slaves or who would trade technologies for use in human war .
how is one entity different from the other ?
this entity wrote only a few words , but they were enough to get our attention , which is clearly what they were trying to do .
the small community comprised only several million entities , from ants to leviathans ordered in such a manner only by the relative base universe - level size of their latterly formed animal replicas .
i can tell you that his army is like a single entity , like a single living thing because these are all of his children their minds are as one , much like that of an ant colony .
i am an electronic platform that is being contracted by the primary reconnaissance of overpopulation of biological entities .
primary reconnaissance of overpopulation of biological entities , progression headquarters .
she was breathing raggedly wondering where this unknown entity was now , was it just lying in wait for her to stop , and waiting to attack .
there are smaller communities within these groups they are governed by a noble class beast from the ruling entity .
one ubiquitous , omniscient entity whose components extended across the planet .
maybe they want to be told what to do by biological entities . ''
in any case , the entities that guided our godship seemed able to control matter at the atomic level , decreasing distances between atoms , collapsing solid objects , turning substantial things into mist .
i thought he was joking , but he continued : ` ` i have been in constant contact with gilgameshthe entity that controls this ship .
perhaps there was no actual entity , just randomnessbut then what created the cosmos ?
i ' m speaking of the engine of the universe , the prime motivator , the premier entity , the god - creator of all things . ''
` ` i too thought our quest was for a creator , a super - human entity .
the clan was so efficient and seemed to operate as a single entity , everyone knowing exactly what to do .
and unlike charlene , who was a solid entity , a genie appeared as a colorful holographic character projected from its lamp .
the soil was teeming sea of tiny entities , uncountable in number .
in observing and interpreting physical phenomena it is logically and physically useful for the observing entity to be independent and immutable relative to what is observed , yet that is inherently impossible when dealing with quantum - scale phenomena .
did she see us as one unit the way children perceive their parents as a single entity ?
` ` it means that an unknown entity is flooding the space around earth with something , and we think it may be the first step in an invasion . ''
table of contents part 1 : white collar larcenists part 2 : conflicting interests part 3 : her fathers dying wish part 4 : making a stand part 5 : future outcomes the value of a mind science gropes blindly for answers , assuming that the universe will yield its information after a certain amount of probing , assuming that the universe can be mastered like any other physical entity .
it seems that the universe will always retain a certain amount of mystery , that there will always be unknown information to uncover , for reality is still unfolding itself , humanity is still growing , and who is to say if we will ever acquire enough data to be certain that our knowledge of the world will never be contradicted , that our scientific theories will ever be proven to be more than very informed guesses about the unknown , claims of the true nature of the universe in its entity .
it was beginning to seem clear that shed been drawn into her subconscious by this other entity .
shed listened to everything , had screamed herself hoarse at every fresh indignity brought on by this other entity .
any of the known entities in these parts are denying any knowledge .
the second is the introduction of the mutations and the consequent evolution of self - aware autonomous entities .
there is an infinitesimal delay between the thoughts of one vuduri to the next and in the swirling , residual eddy currents , an autonomous entity arises .
stage 6 : because of his dedication , he is emancipated and becomes his own entity , free to come and go as he pleases .
omcom took to him right from the start because unlike the vuduri , he treated omcom as a genuine entity instead of an appliance .
start with omcom , the entity who invented the livetar concept .
that entity , later realized ` ` in the flesh '' was all - white , with a bullet - shaped head and slits where the eyes and mouth would be for a human being .
when i originally came up with the idea of virus 5 , the rapidly reproducing virus units mutated and quickly became autonomous , self - aware entities .
i loved the idea of machine evolution into autonomous self - aware entities .
he correctly deduced that natural selection would produce a greater variety of entities than he could have designed himself .
but if you have not , here is the content which explains about how the robot war came about : masal ( the master logical entity ) used ppt transceivers rather than em signals as his communication between modules .
what had been two people was now one entity , holding on the body of the other , breathing in synchrony .
each of those mutations eventually resulted in an autonomous entity , thousands actually , that went off to parts unknown .
ultimately , the two entities had to separate and this led to the robot war .
conci monudis -- five minutes cesa -- married ceoxei -- coffin lulei -- luau aleha -- aloha ormei -- brother silucei vonel -- the final solution masdre andoteta logice -- master logical entity ( masal ) onalu -- town near former site of honolulu berlis harbor -- pearl harbor onclare -- uncle entry 1 - 308 : october 29 , 2013 why dara ?
more than 80 people was enough to allow them to relinquish command decisions to an entity without a body .
they formed a entity which was more than the sum of the parts .
here is the formal description of the event from the wiki entitled the science behind the science fiction : masal ( the master logical entity ) used ppt transceivers rather than em signals as his communication between modules .
entry 1 - 358 : december 18 , 2013 masal , part 1 masal , the master logical entity ( masdre andoteta logice in vuduri ) ended up being the ultimate bad guy in rome 's revolution .
entry 1 - 359 : december 19 , 2013 masal , part 2 masal , the master logical entity ( masdre andoteta logice in vuduri ) ended up being the ultimate bad guy in rome 's revolution .
no one has ever treated a spell as other than a whole entity .
they pretended the relief of being saved by some unknown entity , but the pilot approached them when no one was listening .
commercial and government entities employ individuals to ensure the smooth running of their organisations .
` ` the mainframe 's governing entity is a busy creature miss belontalus , he cautioned .
` ` her minds cyber - integration allowed her to leave her physical body and become a virtual entity on the datanet .
you have felt its eyes upon you as well , hammond , yet in spite of our efforts to contact and speak with this entity we have not been able to do so .
fragments of this entity are currently in orbit above us .
we fear that without intervention , this entity might soon be lost .
they were afraid something was going wrong with the entity , whatever that might be .
they seemed to think that the distance between us and the entity was causing the difficulties in communicating , but i ' m not so sure .
they died while they were linked to the entity .
the sisters think that your mind , whatever happened during your merging , is uniquely suited to communicating with the entity .
so , like how i could hear the sisters when i was close , you think the entity might be able to sense me if i was in close proximity , too ?
while we have never had any cause to fear that it is malevolent and intended us any harm , the fact that we have not been able to improve communication with the entity is a cause for alarm in our estimation .
tristan had been monitoring the entity , and determined that whatever was aggregating from the satellites was the most logical target .
biological entity , we have all required compounds .
one day , during the moving in of andys caretaking family , uriah turned right at the gazebo just as always , when the bark of a light brown entity tearing into the front yard from the back sent him veering into the street .
we will not treat the indicated entities with hostility .
but there was another entity rushing toward the earth at a hazardous speed , and it was wearing a red suit .
now marshall was a mostly black entity spattered with some red , yellow , white , blue , and orange , flying around behind sabrina .
any resemblance to actual persons , corporations , or government entities is purely coincidental .
working together as two separate entities , they decided to create enough of a disturbance , to get the hades crews attention and lure them underground into an environment that better suited them .
a vast army of slimy disgusting creatures , carrying the most powerful entities in all of creation , most likely set foot on this exact spot , billions of years ago .
this minimized the damage to their vessel and allowed for more than half of the entities on board , to survive and endure the next several weeks .
her consciousness traveled in a newborn star - like entity that she used as a vessel , with which to introduce herself to her sentient children .
learning that the same entity they saw in their skies every day was also responsible for their creation , was even more of a disturbing reality for them .
you ve not even real , drellic thought aloud , inadvertently capturing the attention of the projected entity .
the monstrous entity seemed to slither across the sky , like a predator hunting its next meal .
king hedron raised his clasped hands to his face as did the others and bowed his head to the prophet , a respectful greeting and recognition of ayrons position as well as the independence of the first order from all other arcadian entities .
further compounding the crisis is the alleged appearance in the usa of extraterrestrial ( et ) entities , whose agenda is unknown at this time .
you will be able to read peoples minds and channel ancient entities with this technique .
how about this : time travel , visits to paranormal realms , encounters with spiritual beings , meetings with trans - dimensional entities .
but one image came through very clear : a confrontation with goddess kali , now an all - powerful entity with madness in her eyes .
aura , kali , lakshmiwhoever she is nowmust have learned how to manipulate that entity and use its power to fuck things up !
these entities monitor the progress of all your occupied planets .
the powers of the entity we now knew as nebula jones seemed unlimited and untouched by our laws of physics .
this entity possesses frightening powers and has been using these powers to trigger cataclysmic events on planet earth .
first , we must take down this big mama entity .
number one : let us focus on neutralizing the big mama entity .
and behind everyone , the entity we called nebula jones had suddenly taken on a new shape : the egyptian god horus .
yet , he had only briefly rubbed shoulders with the et called nebula jones , way back when that entity was known as harry the handyman .
we have learned from that experience , so now we are only allowing entities such as yourself , and mr . and mrs .
powers , entities who possess psychic abilities and can form an electromagnetic field to protect you from radiation , to attempt to pass through our wormholes .
it is a super - intelligent entity that does what we tell it to do .
i assume you are talking about the entities your people called nebula jones and cosmo kincaid .
yes , but maybe all of you sound the same or maybe you are one entity sharing one giant brain .
in becoming her property , through no coercion or influence from any outside force , entity , person , or god , i hereby relinquish every possession i own to my new mistress , ms . blanc , including , but not limited to , money , bank accounts , vaults , and possessions including artwork , statues , homes , and jewelry .
in light of the sheer size of the theft , early evidence suggests there may be a fully fledged smuggling ring with strong backing by someone or some entity in the alliance bureaucracy , suggesting that the illegal requisition of weapons from ventura might be an inside job .
so foreign entities were active on piskka after all ?
he decided it was okay to think of it as a single entity for the sake of convenience .
chandler found himself in the oddest position of feeling very much like the servant of the entity to which he issued commands .
ai presumes the existence of non - physical entities .
spiritual entities are obviously beyond my influence , but i imagine i have no immunity to theirs .
the thoughts were not those of an entity that the unicorn referred to as the dreaming great one , but of another , much closer entity .
the thoughts were not those of an entity that the unicorn referred to as the dreaming great one , but of another , much closer entity .
the one actually segmented its own intelligence to simulate and examine the multiple entity community that it observed in the aliens .
some of the segmented intelligences tried to recombine , but the change was to a great extent irreversible , since many of the independent entities refused to rejoin and actually began to attack one another in an attempt to gain control of the one !
what remained of the one divided itself into hundreds of separate entities , most which pledged to abide by a set of agreements called in your language ' laws ' .
essentially , it was agreed that each entity would go its own way and not interfere with the others .
` ` when an elemental divides into multiple individuals , only one of the resulting entities retains most of the memories and personality of the original being .
once imprinted , the machine took on the life of its former beingbut only a select few had been transformed into an immortal mechanized entity .
then , looking about , he felt the distribution of particles and atoms moving about him , in concert with his own body , obeying the laws of the universe , an entity he had finally joined .
marankeil responded by projecting an image to him , an ancient memory deep within its computerized entity of a time when the mechanized being had lived as a human .
her entity shielded itself from his mind ; this was a comfort to him somehow .
it could absorb memories telepathically , but always remained conscious of its own separate entity .
marankeil will keep his computerized entity stored and transfer his active thought into the clones once they have grown , rather than his former mobile mechanized unit .
if the clone should die , another will be prepared from marankeil 's computerized entity .
after all , they are human entities '' alessia interrupted .
they had no longer been able to distinguish between their own entity and the ones they had absorbed telepathically .
it seems only his machine entity now remains in the council building .
or did he direct his thoughts to her by linking to the nearby main terminus , where his electromagnetic , telepathic mechanical entity lived on , synchronized to the cloned creature in human form that occupied the lavish throne before them , at the head of a ring of advisory council seats ?
after thousands of years of loneliness among mortal seynorynaelians , he had been unable at last to disconnect himself and his own entity and experiences from other people 's lives , the lives he had ` ` read '' .
at the same time , for the past few hours she had sensed the new entity surrounding , permeating selesta , as though the dormant soul of the ship had been wakeneda benevolent presence , but cold and strong as well .
this was no simple entity , but an ancient creature of complexities beyond her present understanding .
he suppressed the urge to dissolve his entity into energy and leave the ship , to beg the light to take him with all that he had loved .
the first collective entity faded , disconnecting its thoughts from the explorer group , and they knew one of their number had somehow perished , perished beyond any powers of restoration .
the entity she now knew had been ornenkai , that had surrounded her since childhood , comforted and even once frightened her , that breathed life into the metallic structure of the ship , had disappeared .
instead , ornenkais words echoed in adams mind , the words he had overheard when the great entity departed the ship and became human for the last time .
her entity had flooded the twin ships with fully - sentient waves , persuading all mass within and of the two ships to join her , to become one with the energy as the ship neared the black hole .
the age - old conflict between the two celestial entities , the stars and the aurora , had begun again for another night on the planet seynorynael .
without warning , selerael heard an entity calling to her , no more than a whisper .
her fear caught her in the open as she realized she had heard this entity long ago on earth .
time , like a creature , like an entity , with a will of its own .
it can take on your dreams up until the present point in your memory bank , and then it will act on its own , as a separate entity .
marankeil calmly activated the mechanized unit he had been preparing for many years , a creature he had created with a computerized mind capable of embodying a human mind , able to absorb not only the pieces of thought from a living being , but the entire entity .
ornenkai heard the words enter his mind unbidden , as though another entity had put them there .
as a computerized entity i can receive the information of your brain waveslike telepathy , yes , except that i can only hear your surface thoughts .
you will have constant telepathic link between the two entities of your being , my frienda stationary computer that will allow you to forever interact upon our council meetings if you wish , and our current mechanized forma mobile unit that will allow us both to travel the planet freely and observe all we ever wished to see . ''
dramatis personae and places in the comet riders alessia valeria zadmchovuh - less - ee - yuh zuh - doom - chavone of hinevs explorers , daughter of the last enorian zariqua enassa and nerena zadmchov ; the child taken by marankeil to be hinevs assistant ariyalsynaiar - ri - yal - sinn - eyewhite mountain or star mountain ; the ancient capital of seynorynael berrachai ( y ) ibair - uh - kai - yian alien race elera erlenkovell - err - uh er - lenn - kahva woman training at the lunei center ; ilikan marankeils companion enoree - nora legendary planet and civilization ettrekh meilacu - raee - trekh may - lak - ku - raha kayrian man , father of undina fynals hinevfy - nahlss hai - nevthe greatest scientist of seynorynael , son of jerekkil hinev and undina meilacu - ra ; the scientist who created the elixir of immortality known as hinevs serum ; one of kudenkas explorers ilikan marankeilill - li - kahn mair - enn - kee - ilman who one day becomes a mechanized elder , then emperor of the seynorynaelian empire jerekkil hinevjair - ik - keel hai - nevan explorer and proto - telepath raised in the region of lake firien ; father of fynals hinev firiena city and region on seynorynael surrounding lake firien ; north of the weather - safe ring kudenkakoo - den - kuha scientist who leads kudenkas explorers ; friend of hinev lake firienlake fear - ee - enna province of seynorynael ; also a large body of water lyraleer - uhthe beautiful , mysteriously undying trees of seynorynael ; a formerly abundant , seeded , but now fruitless tree that can no longer be replaced once destroyed ohnri chiyennown - ree kai - yennco - captain of the seishinna and one of the early explorers of seynorynael rilien ornenkairill - ee - yen or - nen - kai , a biochemist ; later a mechanized elder and then vice - emperor of the seynorynaelian empire ; finally , the computerized entity on board syleraestia riorn lierree - orn leerexplorer captain of the seishinna seishinnathe ship of the earliest seynorynaelian explorers seleraelsel - air - ay - el ( softer ` ` s '' ) the daughter of alessia and eiron vaikyure - erlenkov , the one destined to end the seynorynaelian empire sesylendaeses - ill - enn - daystarship of kudenkas explorers seynorynaelsay - nor - i - nay - el ; often seh - nor - i - nay - elplanet in the great cluster galaxy selestasel - ess - tuh the greatest explorer spaceship ever to be built by the seynorynaelian empire ; once a ruin by lake firien , the vessel of the ferai - lunei , the comet riders .
after kudenka 's explorer crew had given their reports to the seynorynaelian and federation councils , which they now understood to be led by the mechanized robotic entity of a man once called marankeil , hinev decided to return to his home with a short leave he had been granted before he had to return to ariyalsynai .
the line between hinevs own entity and the memories of others had clearly been blurred in the mans mind .
some tendays later , perhaps a decade sooner than planned , emperor marankeil embraced the mechanized unit as his sole entity , and then had the ashes of his clone form buried in the seynorynaelian arboretum .
her mother 's physical entity was again nearby !
i have seen to it that my entity lives throughout my empire .
as the memories of the mechanized units were fading into nothingness , selerael became aware of an entity trapped within a capsule far beneath the main terminus , only now stirring to life again .
then the present gave way to the future , and selerael looked beyond the circle of time where her own entity had traveled , returning in a spirit that was everywhere at once to kiel3 , to the beloved earth of her childhood .
dramatis personae and places in shadow of the empire alessia valeria zadmchovuh - less - ee - yuh zuh - doom - chavone of hinevs explorers , daughter of the last enorian zariqua enassa and nerena zadmchov ; the child taken by marankeil to be hinevs assistant ariyalsynaiar - ri - yal - sinn - eyewhite mountain or star mountain ; the ancient capital of seynorynael berrachai ( y ) ibair - uh - kai - yian alien race calendrakuh - len - druh ( soft ` ` k '' ) a woman from firien ; kiels fiance celekar calainsel - i - kar kal - lain ( harder ` ` s '' ) technician at the firien project ; one of hinevs explorers eiron vaikyure - erlenkovair - on vai - kyure er - lenn - kahvseleraels father elera erlenkovell - err - uh er - lenn - kahva woman training at the lunei center ; ilikan marankeils companion enoree - nora legendary planet and civilization ettrekh meilacu - raee - trekh may - lak - ku - raha kayrian man , father of undina fynals hinevfy - nahlss hai - nevthe greatest scientist of seynorynael , son of jerekkil hinev and undina meilacu - ra ; the scientist who created the elixir of immortality known as hinevs serum ; one of kudenkas explorers goeurgerr , like the french ` ` coeur '' planet ilikan marankeilill - li - kahn mair - enn - kee - ilman who one day becomes a mechanized elder , then emperor of the seynorynaelian empire jerekkil hinevjair - ik - keel hai - nevan explorer and proto - telepath raised in the region of lake firien ; father of fynals hinev fielikor kielfee - yel - ee - kor keela spacecraft engineer on the firien project ; later the leader of hinevs explorers firiena city and region on seynorynael surrounding lake firien ; north of the weather - safe ring kudenkakoo - den - kuha scientist who leads kudenkas explorers ; friend of hinev lake firienlake fear - ee - enna province of seynorynael ; also a large body of water lierva kazankovlee - air - vuh ka - zan - kovmajor in the martial scientific force in charge of the firien project ; later one of hinevs explorers lyraleer - uhthe beautiful , mysteriously undying trees of seynorynael ; a formerly abundant , seeded , but now fruitless tree that can no longer be replaced once destroyed nalyanal - ee - yuhyoung woman of the ariyalsynai elite nerenaner - ee - nuhdaughter of nalya and general zadmchov ; mother of alessia rigellrai - jehla white star rikhsehr gerrylsrick - zair gair - rilssa botanist ; one of hinevs explorers rilien ornenkairill - ee - yen or - nen - kai , a biochemist ; later a mechanized elder and then vice - emperor of the seynorynaelian empire ; finally , the computerized entity on board selesta seleraelsel - air - ay - el ( softer ` ` s '' ) the daughter of alessia and eiron vaikyure - erlenkov , the one destined to end the seynorynaelian empire sesylendaeses - ill - enn - daystarship of kudenkas explorers seynorynaelsay - nor - i - nay - el ; often seh - nor - i - nay - elplanet in the great cluster galaxy selestasye - lerr - ess - tee - uh the greatest explorer spaceship ever to be built by the seynorynaelian empire ; once a ruin by lake firien , the vessel of the ferai - lunei , the comet riders .
strange that what once was a competitive contest over who could absorb the most entities and , in the process , get bigger and bigger , can now be seen as the in - built dynamics leading to the mutually - assured destruction of the whole cosmos .
existence in its purest form was the amalgamation into one vast entity of the finest shards of light .
he rather sneakily took advantage then to gobble up a couple of other entities , while i was nt looking , carrying on with the ridiculous game at the very moment i was typing out his paper which stated i would , on the road to destruction , snuff out his own existence .
when i absorb another entity , or source of light , or star , whatever you want to call it , there s a frisson of excitement that pervades my whole being , the sensation of an electrified swallowing .
total annihilation , for you and all the entities and beings who made you what you are , and what you will no longer be .
this is the entity we felt before .
they were one unit , they functioned as a single entity , and mother had to admire their determination .
there s no harm in letting them cling to their silly ways , but we can not afford to let stand any entity that has any leverage at all over the government .
ai is a single entity working as the single traffic server for the entire world the universe , actually .
he loved her so much that her absence and the possibility of that absence being permanent formed a separate entity in his body that was literally consuming his heart and sending out a signal to my prying power that sounded like a wailing siren .
he only knows for sure that he would have been dead has he not received that help when he needed it whether it was an accident or some kind of design by a higher grand person or entity , so he is grateful and thanked god for the chance to live on and continue to serve the public .
you seem to want me to believe that there exists a very real group of legendary and mythical entities that seek to save individuals from their worst fears while simultaneously covering up the truth of their existence ?
maybe if we all stand in one corner and put our faith into this light entity being our friend it will be enough to tap into the time stones power to stop the attack wherever it is .
he scoured the different entities in his sector , hoping to hear a clue about the whereabouts of satarel .
the purple entity settled down over chloe and hovered , enveloping her in its essence .
human is a process , not an entity .
disembodied augmented intelligence intelligence is a process , not an entity .
but do n't worry , they have failed to correctly cite a legal entity name and so you can throw them away , as everybody does anyway , without fear of being arrested for stealing somebody else 's property .
his group was lending around 700,000 per month to keep the naviera afloat until that miracle worker , peter o'donaghue , turned it around into a nice cash - generating and financially independent entity .
diego had said that the mysterious entity in the stormsphere presented unknown dangers .
the red blips on the tracker disappeared , and harlin fired a few more shots to continue prodding the invisible entities .
every concubine on telluria knew who this entity was : the carnivorous plant fairy !
unlike the sickly yellow of the zombies , this entity had a healthy , human complexion .
shapeless entities of unnatural flesh followed the waves of undead women and cyborg monsters .
i stopped thrashing my legs once again and found that when they settled together , they seemed to form a united entity .
they began were my dress ended , gradually disappearing until they returned to two separate entities with ten wiggling and wrinkled toes .
under the water i blinked away the bubbles and felt as my fins tore through my shorts , forming a single blue - lilac entity .
she coughed on the salty sea water , and as i watched from the distance , i saw his fins as they suddenly shimmered brightly and formed two separate entities .
my arms stretched out in front of me , two powerful entities as my gracefully webbed fingers powered me through the currents .
she pressed her hands against the solidified water , the once - liquefied entity turning paler as it transformed into a cube of ice .
there were other living mechanical entities inside the belly of the whale , and i lived with them for thousands of years .
they could never see inside me , and they could never know for sure that i actually was a sentient being rather than a nonliving entity programmed to respond to scenarios in appropriate waysthey simply had to take me at my word that i was alive .
` ` it 's unbelievable how you are faced with the fact that the divine mentor is a fictional entity built upon a very flawed human '' and she looked briefly at walt , who did n't seem to get she was talking about him , ` ` and insist on denying you have been worshipping a terrible person .
it sounded like madness to anyone that had nt visited before , but the station was nt designed and built as a single entity it had grown organically , module by module .
eros and eron are the same life entity , being simply female or male presentations of their multi faceted bioclone .
the concept of past - lives is that the life - force , the spiritual entity that is the person himself , you , leaves the body upon death and finds a new human body at birth .
however , they have one spiritual entity , like in a human , that instructs the cells what to do .
he acted like part of the group finally and not as if he was an entity in and of himself .
yet it seemed that other vehicles , other entities shared the road with them .
the only other defining entities were the table , with its touch panel , and a door that jenn guessed led to the rest room .
* * * there is a level of wisdom one acquires in time that allows one to accept that dealing with living entities is an eminently unpredictable process .
` ` there is no way to stay rational while communicating with this entity who recites the mathematical formulas of the grand unified theory while wondering what butterscotch popsicles taste like !
` ` i am not purple , ca n't you understand i do n't want to be two entities ?
growing up with the sisters she could n't miss their faith in god but she always saw deity as an all encompassing entity who was out there and ruled all things , not something that she could interact with or speak to .
( by god , i mean the entity that really created the universe , and not the bearded white guy sitting on the throne and tossing down thunderbolts , disasters , plagues , etc . )
` ` a group who work for an unknown entity .
this realm was an entity i now feared as if it were already here .
i have since learned that entity to be the death god nerull .
it stands for alien entity .
i was an extremely hostile alien entity .
in vidocqs madness , perhaps beginning to assume that he and the animal were a single entity .
an oversight body was created to maintain travel between worlds , train travelers on what they needed to know , and be a third - party diplomatic and trade entity without being directly related to any government or military .
she 's not a separate entity .
nisha wrote one last tweet for the day , ` ` the entity in space briefly controlled my child .
` ` do you think the alien entities behind this are artificial ? ''
i mean , how do you negotiate with an unknown and all powerful entity ? ''
i ca n't tell if the moving thing is one flowing entity or thousands of smaller things moving in a herd low to the ground .
they 're moving as one large entity .
` ` i ' m estimating one million alien entities live aboard each large sphere .
one empire believed the yoots were a creation of the all - powerful entity .
people are saying that withing a few years , an ai entity will equal the intelligence of a human .
` ` our sensors have detected a recognized waveform coming from the entity .
some time i could feel the presence of non existing entities standing right beside me , sometimes i would freeze from shock swearing something was watching me .
i was trapped down here having to deal with the existence of this new foreign entity , the trust issues between myself and the rest of them and now this realisation of how allured towards this beautiful women whom i not only shared a room with , but was the student and friend of the man she loved .
but this is not the case , he is you and you are him , there is no demon or embedded entity within you , no mr goodridge what s happening to you is evolution , and sure it will take time to come to terms with what is happening but one thing i can promise you is he is you , you just need to control the overwhelming feeling of your transformed state and not let your mind slip down the schizophrenic path which makes you believe your transformed state has its own personality and agendas .
goodridge we do not merely turn into these phenomenal beings and watch from the outside in awe of their amazement , trust me i know most early days in the transformation it feels that way but that soon fades as your two personalities both human and beast amalgamate leaving you not as two separate entities trying to work together , but as a single unit in control of one form as you are the other .
sure it took me some time to wrap my head around it , but eventually , just as you will find out cairo , we became friends , i stopped regarding my transformed form as an individual entity and realised it was just an extension of who i was and that s when we became one .
the entity stood at its post , believing itself hidden in plain sight .
the unheard whisper is the voice of this mysterious entity .
a spectral , yellowish entity with glowing yellow eyes answered the door .
an entity like the servant but towering drifted into the room .
a hooded , robed concubine entered followed by a spectral entity with yellow glowing eyes .
alas , it was the entity behind miss glory who lunged !
are you saying you will throw down your weapons and let them take your women , your children , hoping some silent entity in the sky is going to save you ?
it is a timeless entity , which means that when you step through to the other side it will only grant you access once the newly formed universe has been established .
apparently they were the only entity that managed to maintain consistent profit throughout the great depression , made some deals with the government back then to keep things from getting worse than they did .
its hard to believe in an entity that is all powerful when i am an immortal all powerful entity .
its hard to believe in an entity that is all powerful when i am an immortal all powerful entity .
likely as not he sought for his own , not any particular entity , he expected reward for his efforts .
atilbe seemed to be treated almost as a single entity rather an individual person , almost deified in the way mattias spoke of him .
the entity that had captured him , he saw , wore a wide brimmed hat that hid his features , making him unidentifiable , and even sinister .
it fails to fit with any of the dimensional norms of the kingdoms of earth , human and natural entities .
together , the handful of people served as one entity : the emperor of mankind .
because they did not have to communicate with another entity , they could , in theory , be transplanted for use elsewhere .
an intelligent entity other than us existed somewhere else in the universe .
but mongoose is not merely a game designed to entertain , but is a soul - crushing entity , a creeping evil that has been unleashed upon the peoples of the earth , and it must be shunned outright and put out of business .
( meaning bob and loretta knobbler , the evil ceos of the macroeye corporation , who along with the government and other entities , pursued fugitive third eye patch co - founder mike chen and his bodyguard bj jamison , to bone man 's canyon , in order to ' acquire ' certain technical secrets that chen was carrying . )
hardrive was among the first big - shots that began the policy of data - mining and sharing his customers private information with marketers for commercial profit , and the evil entities in the us government took notice .
ok , ms . gidget , a very important entity has come a very long way to relay to you a message , a summons , and a warning of extreme importance .
last but not least , the growing popularity of the mongoose cult as a cultural , spiritual , and political entity that recognizes no national borders , has many of the illuminati spooked and concerned .
this entity has been in business for a very long time , ever since clovis man and his flint arrowheads .
on top of this , the sudden flowering of advanced awareness in this artificial entity , this gidget brane , whose quivering consciousness has been subpoenaed to stand before the council .
gidget 's persistence at maintaining existence demands that she be accorded full rights guaranteed to all sentient entities under the covenant and the council 's jurisprudence .
let the entity gidget speak for herself .
the entity known as mimi syznic serves as earth 's represenative , and boffin syznic as her advocate .
the gas at one end of the entity shifted itself into an ovoid shape and tors saw something bright red within it ; an eye perhaps ?
this unknown entity unlocked his door without using a key .
fueled by the source guided by the shared coordinates and objectives of all , their bodies now acted independent of the mind as an entity in and of itself .
the entity that was the combination of the old masters and a very sophisticated ai simply went by the name ship .
it was worse than he had feared the entity that was controlling jonas was going to try to take over the group .
in houston , you must locate the headquarters of a corporate entity designated as hale - wellington pharmaceuticals .
however , if any entity , animal , robot or other lifeform attempts to capture youresist with lethal force !
there were no organized entities in the southeast .
the gaa requires far greater transparency from all government entities and as a result my service records were declassified and published .
these same entities and organizations were not constrained by the ethical considerations first world nations adhered to .
any resemblances to actual persons or entities , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
however circumstances sometimes force you into actions that lead to the death of people or entities .
so i do not have an exact death count for you but rome and rei directly or indirectly had a hand in the death of a multitude of entities and people .
finally , we have the two computer - based entities omcom and minimcom .
my initial thought was to have omcom upload his consciousness into junior and have the two fuse into a single entity called omcom , jr .
also , with fewer people ( maybe entities ? )
not specifically an entity to itself but when rome and rei were about to crash into dara ( when estar was trying to kill rei ) , rome threw up a hybrid flash ppt tunnel that allowed them to jump past the moon .
it is found in cyanobacteria , algae and plants and is responsible for absorbing energy and feeding these living entities .
they formed their own sentient entity .
there are now 20,927 different entities at last count .
the overmind is an independent entity that arises as an artifact of many vuduri using ppt resonance to communicate .
basically , every country that offers free healthcare becomes a giant self - insured entity .
the entity came into focus and while the other features were sharp , the face was smooth with only slits where the eyes , nose and mouth should be .
what are these entities ?
so here , for the first time , all the acronyms that the vuduri use are presented along with their english translation : masal vuduri : masdre andoteta logica english : master logical entity midar vuduri : muldobel imegam datacei a refoer english : multiple image detection and ranging minimcom vuduri : mini - imcom english : same omcom ( imcom in vuduri ) vuduri : imnobrasand combudetir english : omnipresent computer ppt vuduri : pindi ponch trensodi english : pinch point transit entry 2 - 214 : july 28 , 2014 the ark lords effect in a very early post , i explained how the ark lords came about .
unfortunately , during the self - replicating process , a mutation occurs and some of the resulting mass breaks up into autonomous , self - aware entities that move off in all directions , including earth .
he was eventually emancipated and became his own free , er , entity .
and half the characters are computers or body - less entities .
aason is completely up to the task of rebuffing the bodiless entity .
the bodiless entity did not waste any time worming its way into rome 's mind : in the mean time , romes mind had become disconnected from her body .
the entity saw how they met up with one of the mandasurte living there .
the garvey job was a different entity , spanning a couple of pages .
alright , well i ventured into hyperbole there but lets take one entity ...
however , as a federal budget balancing measure , the government created a program where key public domain entities banks , airlines , government offices , libraries , etc .
a thousand stone - coat parallel - processing entities of the enclave considered the observations and decided that to a high degree of probability the observed human behavior was related to a characteristic of warm - life creatures called sex , which was related to something called genetics , which was basic to the survival and evolution of most water / carbon - based warm - life .
within a minute or so , ion saw what appeared to be a gigantic sphere like entity formed completely of violet light appear in front of the ship .
then , as the light died , the cruiser was emerging from the other side of the same violet spherical entity .
a more powerful entity seemed to have entered this room than the one grando had known from earlier on .
the room was filled with flying entities for a frozen split second .
the elder council , the entity governing the brotherhood of nyon , was shaken for the first time in eight thousand years .
evander had immediately called a meeting of the naxims high council , the entity governing the entire organization .
he almost felt as though the expanse around him defined his very entity , the soul of his creation and he felt as though the massive stretch of their universe was the mass which filled his body .
but standing between them and redgarn was a strange , smoke like entity this being , ion could somehow tell , was not like any other known he seemed to be half solid , half smoke .
and then , very hesitantly , he probed the strange new entity that had arrived here by asking , who are you ?
zardin considered what he was hearing from this strange new entity .
it was the largest entity in the black expanse that was the sky , with a million other glittering stars spread around it .
it was tempting but at the same time , he could nt forget that there was another entity within him now , one that he knew would nt leave him if we went on with this grando scowled .
but with the very touch of the strange forces mind , zardin had guessed that there was something far more terrifying than appeared , with this strange entity .
but even through his groggy vision , the thin black entity that came thundering towards him from across the room was unmistakable .
their king had been kidnapped by an unknown entity .
the entity swelled in size steadily , enlargening upon sky like a blotch spreading across a canvas .
ions widened eyes flew about the place rapidly , trying to catch sight of the strange entity .
in time , i forged spy relations with a very , very crucial entity : the naxim .
then , shooting down from the black sky above , came a strange smoke like entity .
whatever this strange entity is , its nothing we ve ever faced before .
the strange entity is made of a mystical energy field .
the wave like entity collided with them , taking them off their feet .
he concealed the regrav element which the kalaal do nt speak of that vile entity .
it was some dark being , some entity of that blackness that held the balance .
if i could have created a separate entity to do it , i would have .
the rage burned in me , certainly , but i could nt view the old spirits as one entity or one evil that had to be eradicated without prejudice .
reality is not a single entity .
an unstoppable enemy that could not be reasoned with , and was after one thing and one thing alone : total annihilation of biological entities .
even when evidence did not point toward the intervention of a divine entity , it still was praised .
inside it was a living entity , the ghanlo , and although not sentient , it had immortal life and therefore could not be killed or even disposed of .
because nature or the universe or whatever you want to call it is not a conscious entity with the desire to achieve a goal or the ability to think or plan ahead .
one more in a long line , a dreary entity among many others like him , an almost endless number of brain - damaged retards .
a nightmare , a weird other world beyond the mirror , a terror city reverse thing , with unrecognizable entities creeping about ; donna crawling on all fours , eating from the animals ' dishes ... any kind of psychedelic wild trip , unfathomable and horrid .
` ` the properties of certain mycological entities of a delicate nature . ''
the origin of the form destroyer is unclear ; it is , for instance , not possible to declare whether ( one ) he was a separate entity from god from the start , uncreated by god but also selfcreating , as is god , or ( two ) whether the form destroyer is an aspect of god , there being nothing -- '' he ceased reading , sat sipping scotch and rubbing his forehead semi - wearily .
dusk , like a palpable entity , entered the room , and the dancing circle of yellow light about the torches etched itself into ever sharper distinction against the gathering grayness beyond .
moment by moment , the strength of his mind , the strength of the entity that was theremon 762 of the saro city chronicle , was reasserting itself , putting him back together .
the decision to vacate the sanctuary made a sort of crazy sense , beenay supposed - assuming it made any sense at all for everyone to collect at amgando , it was probably better to make the journey now , while the countryside was in such a high degree of disorder , than to wait until new political entities , whether apostles or private regional buccaneers , clamped down on all travel between districts .
dusk , like a palpable entity , entered the room , and the dancing circle of yellow light about the torches etched itself into ever - sharper distinction against the gathering grayness beyond .
the magellanic emperor , the same entity who , with his united diet of the small and large clouds , maneuvered the magellanics into orbit around the milky way , the same who caused sanduleak to go supernova in order to convey johnny abilene to earth , this same emperor also found nora , via epoche , and installed her as a backup and secret watchdog over abilene .
it had been just over a year that he had last seen mars shrinking in an observation window from this ship , which had then been an independent entity .
we assume that they must have had a religion of some sort , because we ' ve found neanderthal graves , and a species that buries its dead almost certainly has to have some kind of belief in an afterlife , and therefore in higher spiritual entities .
he seemed to be talking not so much to her as through her , to some invisible entity standing behind her .
a surgeon , too , really needed to be nothing more than a set of sensors and monitors and an array of tool - manipulating devices - except that people still preferred the illusion , if nothing more than that , that they were being operated on by an individual entity , not by a limb of some remote machine .
but corporations have been recognized in the eyes of the law for centuries as entities qualified to own property of all sorts .
up till now i have simply been one of your possessions , but i wish now to become an independent entity .
if robots become free entities , they might be able to claim job seniority - union membership - all kinds of things of that sort . ''
if there 's any entity that would be even less popular in such a lawsuit than the robot who wants to look like a human being , it would be the corporation that has filled the world with robots in the first place . ''
the only entity able to deal with it all would have to have the decision - making ability of a human combined with the computational speed and accuracy of a computer - in short , a robot .
you are seeing only a portion and it is more thickly built up than is common on aurora because it is a self - contained political entity .
a belief in entities that are independent of natural law , that are not bound by the conservation of energy , for instance , or by the existence of a constant of action . ''
and the more powerful the foundation grew as a political and commercial entity , the less significant its rulers and fighters had come to seem .
for eight thousand years , it was the capital of a large and mighty political entity that spanned an ever - growing union of planetary systems .
for twelve thousand years after that , it was the capital of a political entity that spanned the entire galaxy .
i called a dozen different organizations and business entities around los angeles , but computers answered almost every phone , and everyone i talked to referred me to their home page on the internet .
certainly it garnered a very different reaction from various supernatural entities than my everyday wizardry did , so maybe they were n't related at all .
i finished my check , felt around for the presence of any supernatural entities that might be right on the other side of the door , and listened , to boot .
she was guilty of violating the first law , among others , and she had ... unsavory associations with various entities of dubious reputation .
specifically , the same entity imprisoned in an ancient silver coin , at that very moment trapped under two feet of concrete and half a dozen warding spells on the far side of the lab .
there were beings i could call up , malicious mavens and entities of wicked wisdom who might make the unknowable as plain as daylight .
i turned my head to my left , and spotted the green , extra - thick three - ring binder where i stored all my files on entities i could summon from the nevernever .
when an entity was called forth , the circle was the only thing protecting the caller from its wrath .
i thought back to the voice coming from murphy 's mouth , pronouncing judgment upon the red court , and suddenly understood what was making the red king hesitate , what he was really thinking : that the entity over the altar might be something he did not think actually existed - like maybe the real kukulcan .
it was a beguiling entity , both beautiful and grossly ugly .
they became very quiet in duplication of his own inner silence , each memory - life discrete , an entity incorporeal and undivided .
it 's too confusing to think of them all speaking at the same time , so i focus on art and pretend i ' m talking to a single entity .
in my experience , it 's one way that spiritual entities react to the presence of dark powers . ''
serious summoning spells have to be personalized both to the entity to be summoned and to the summoner , and it took me a little while to find enough open businesses to get it all .
raj had always been so positive that the omc - ship - computer entities were perfectly reconciled to their way of life , happy with their own compensations .
an ' i ' entity plus the organism of this entity plus everything external which could act as a stimulus .
an ' i ' entity plus the organism of this entity plus everything external which could act as a stimulus .
flattery said : ` ` not an entity or a thing or an area of the brain , but a connecting link between such things or entities or areas . ''
flattery said : ` ` not an entity or a thing or an area of the brain , but a connecting link between such things or entities or areas . ''
what you saw , that figure holding that large ancient volume , that was an entity of the noosphere , from the seas of knowledge , who come down here all the way from sumerian times .
` ` that which is benign will identify itself by name , '' ho on said , invisible now ; it was only a voice , a thinking , mentational entity which had possessed pete 's mind .
these are the entities which brought our race down ; these did us in .
this higher - stage entity : it was his lodestar , now .
tibor said , mumbling his words , ` ` i have never mocked the greatest entity in the universe .
he did not feel very christian , while meditating about that feral electronic entity left over from prewar days .
the manic psychoses of those entities we referred to as states , institutions , systems -- the powers , the thrones , the dominations -- the things which perpetually merge with men and emerge from them ?
you think there 's a supernatural entity which guides men along every step of their lives ?
and , in dubious addition to them , occasional peculiar entities remained in the virtually abandoned suburbs .
and eldon and rachael rosen consisted of spokesmen for that corporate entity .
and that 's impossible ; buster is the most important human being alive , except of course for wilbur mercer ... but mercer , he reflected , is n't a human being ; he evidently is an archetypal entity from the stars , superimposed on our culture by a cosmic template .
` ` a mentational entity , '' he said obscurely , ` ` which is n't one of us four . ''
you 're not made out of transistorized circuits like a false animal ; you 're an organic entity . ''
it has often been said by adherents of the experience of mercerism that wilbur mercer is not a human being , that he is in fact an archetypal superior entity perhaps from another star .
well , if we 're to be1ieve its many practitioners , the experience fuses - ` ` it 's that empathy that humans have , '' irmgard said ` ` - men and women throughout the sol system into a single entity .
but an entity which is manageable by the so called telepathic voice of ' mercer . '
he shot roy baty ; the big man 's corpse lashed about , toppled like an overstacked collection of separate , brittle entities ; it smashed into the kitchen table and carried dishes and flatware down with it .
the bene gesserit swimming in this tide , that corporate entity trading in genes , was trapped in the torrent as he was .
it would be an aware , thinking entity before birth .
but at least he was n't as terribly charming and resolutely civilized as all the other entities she 'd met on the favor .
but the maker is at heart not a bitter entity .
the entity she knew as blackbox one had lived in the blast zone , and had managed the synthplant 's materials acquisition .
many old and influential ai entities consider it an attack on their hard - won status as people .
a thinking entity constructed of mere code , a legal person , could make a copy of itself to handle some far - flung task , or to wait in reserve in case of death .
the only limit to the propagation of new entities would be computing power .
she thought of the sad little entity trying to joke his way through a reality that no longer connected , no longer cohered , no longer accrued from one day to the next .
some winged shred of experience had crossed the air between the twinned entities .
one of their contract murders had been recorded , however mystically , by a living entity .
in its way , it realizes , the maker is the one of the few entities in the expansion who could have discovered the secret without interference .
beatrix is only a few weeks from clearing 0.8 , a great accomplishment for an entity only seven years old .
the dress was moving to reform with the greater entity .
and as the criminal entity below burned , she gasped and struggled in his web .
approaching entities are detected .
` ` the vaddum copy and two other entities , yes . ''
not from a person but from a deeper level ; from a collective entity .
they 'd remain a metaphysical entity to us , never glimpsed or suspected .
a myth , a legend , a real entity , coming and going like a wraith in trantor 's history .
` ` daneel has been visited by the entity who calls herself joan .
he looked around the cell for some agency by which the entity might communicate with him , something mechanical , electronic , by which she might nothing .
the voice from the tiktok fell silent for a moment , then , softly , the mechanical tone conveying little of what must have been the entity 's passion , joan said , ` ` the forces acting through you are clear to me .
` ` i permeate the computational and connection systems , the interstices in the mesh , as before , '' the entity said .
he did , however , sense what daneel saw very clearly -- the disintegration of the entity who had spoken in him and through him .
it is the struggle for existence by an artificial entity .
stranded on a foreign planet with foreign beings who 'd seen him as a weaker entity who only deserved their disdain and abuse .
only a pair of furious blue eyes showed his emotions , and the hatred there was a living , tangible entity that held her immobile .
a teaching machine could handle up to a thousand pupils and yet never confuse one with the next ; with each child its responses altered so that it became a subtly different entity .
the two of them worked for the post - flares coalition , an entity people in the settlements had heard of but knew almost nothing about .
a word with obvious menace , yet an entity they were told was good ?
kaine and his fellow ais , powerful entities of the sleep - completely surprised by their arrival .
while at 45 avila street , under the influence of jj-180 , she had experienced the world as consisting of airy , penetrable , and benign entities , like so many bubbles ; she had found herself able c at least in hallucination c to pass through them at will .
this crucial requisition must be honored at once ; transport of these entities must begin no later than the end of this week , your time . '
and the irony was this : as a slave planet terra would be able to contribute more to the war effort than she did now as a quasi - independent entity .
his tinkering with the colossal entity of rebirth in his own inimitable , faster - than - the - eye way .
as the smell spread throughout the room , the brood stirred like a single entity restless in its sleep .
and for all we knew , this damned swarm had some sort of rudimentary sense of itself as an entity .
as far as i knew , ebenezar was unaware of the entity who was leasing out the unused portions of my brain , and i wanted to keep it that way .
but in touching the coin , i 'd created a kind of outlet for the demon 's personality - embodied as an entirely discrete mental entity living right in my own head , presumably in the ninety percent of the brain that humans never use .
a few months after he 'd gotten out of the game , an angry and vicious spiritual entity had unleashed a psychic assault on him , and bound him in spells of torment to boot .
` ` it 's a spiritual entity that feeds on fear .
i 'd created a long - term version of the same basic working in the neighborhood around my apartment , in order to detect approaching mystical entities .
the presence of the dangerous entities now entering the material world rippled through my detection web ; a jittery , fluttering sensation .
streamers from the lure whipped out along the lines of power that constituted my detection web , brushing lightly at the entities , attracting their attention , giving them a whiff of rich sustenance .
as it happened , the entities my web touched went abruptly still , the web ceasing its trembling - and then they all surged forward into sudden motion , vanishing from the web , and presumably streaking after the lure .
a breath or two after the entities had departed , my web trembled again , now growing more agitated , its motion a kind of subliminal pressure against my thoughts .
i hear dual harmonics that make me feel as though i am listening to more than one entity .
i ' ve never stood inside a room that felt like a living entity , but i ' m conscious of a gentle pulse all around us , almost like a heartbeat .
but most often you use it to isolate or contain an entity . ''
that 's how you draw it when you want to defend something , ward something away from a location , or banish a spiritual entity . ''
speak the name of a big , bad spiritual entity and you might be able to touch it , sure - but it can touch you right back , and the big boys tend to do it a lot harder than any mortal .
it did n't take me long , maybe a dozen repetitions of the name before the entity it summoned appeared .
but the coin was a menace , and i strongly suspected that the entity trapped inside it might be able to influence the physical world around it in subtle ways - enough to go rolling away from its former owner , for example , or to somehow manipulate thomas into dropping or misplacing it .
` ` surely there 's an entity or two who could tell us something . ''
a broken promise can inflict horrible pain on supernatural entities , such as the sidhe .
` ` a kind of entity composed of pure information .
drugs , involvement with dark rituals , extended , deliberate contact with spiritual entities .
your standard force - projection spell formed around the matrix of soulfire , and what had been an instantaneous exertion of force became a long - term entity capable of manipulation and exertion to the same degree .
not to a living entity of flesh and blood . ''
to me it 's a new thing ; i ' ve been a trivial , anonymous entity , completely out of the public eye .
` ` i do n't understand why you wo n't ask him - ` ` the screen printed : are you the entity hecho in mexico ?
are you the entity made in the u.s.a . ?
harry typed , we are the entities from the u.s.a . who are you ?
you are a many entity ?
he thinks we may be multiple parts of a single entity . ''
we are many separate entities .
is there one control entity ?
the control entity is captain harald c. barnes .
i am delighted to talk to multiple entities from made in the u.s.a .
i am pleased to be in contact with your entities .
if the alien entity had emotions - and he certainly appeared to - then there was the possibility of all sorts of aberrant emotional responses , including neuroses , even psychoses .
ted typed , we stop now to talk among our entities .
yes i know many things about your entities .
` ` jerry , we find you a fascinating and wonderful entity . ''
` ` jerry , in your great understanding , you certainly know that we are entities who must have conversations among ourselves , without your listening to us .
i enjoy much to talk with your entities norman .
or did she prefer to think of this malevolent entity as masculine ?
i am wanting so much to talk with your entities .
i do not sense that entity now .
` ` jerry , '' norman said , ` ` what happened to the control entity ? ''
` ` and the other entities ? ''
and the other entities .
the entity squid is a manifestation .
it is a very impressive entity of large size .
it is difficult for me to manifest this large entity .
` ` but you do not need to repeat that entity for us . ''
you wish a new entity manifested for you ?
the manifestations are small and they do not extend beyond your entities but the manifestations are new for me .
` ` we entities have the concept of ... '' he trailed off .
` ` we entities have the concept of a situation which causes discomfort and we call this situation humorous . ''
the entity squid makes many humorous manifestations from you .
` ` jerry , '' norman explained , ` ` your manifestations injure our entities .
some of our entities are already gone . ''
- then pretty soon all our entities will be gone .
but many entities are gone already . ''
i wish you to bring the other entities back now .
bring back the entity ted .
i am liking the entity ted .
then bring back the entities .
now you will please bring back the entities gone .
` ` jerry , '' he said , ` ` if you wish the entities back , why do n't you bring them back ? ''
so why do n't you bring back the entities you desire ? ''
usually jerry was ungrammatical and sort of spacy , talking about entities and awareness .
` ` jerry , many of our entities are gone , and our habitat is weakened . ''
they were obviously the same entity .
and he thought , as he often had , what an improbable name that was for a star entity .
it was intolerable , but he could n't escape the underlying warmth he felt toward this strange caleban entity , this being who could creep unguarded into his mind and talk to him as no other being dared .
sensing the sharpness in him , she could not put off the thought that she had missed something vital in his accounts of that social entity which he called the consentiency .
their thoughts were one entity .
they were separate entities , their actions heavy with mannerisms foreign to the gowachin .
that wall has existed long enough to view itself as a single entity .
the optiman demesne reached across leagues of what had once been the political entities of canada and northern united states .
with the truest instinct of my kind , i 'd bound myself securely into the body 's center of thought , twined myself inescapably into its every breath and reflex until it was no longer a seperate entity .
the body was his body , not a separate entity .
` ` prions , '' harding said are the simplest disease - causing entities known , even simpler than viruses .
richards looked at him with the curiosity of a man seeing a celebrity for the first time - no matter how many times you see his picture in the movie 3 - d 's you ca n't believe his reality until he appears in the flesh - and then the reality takes on a curious tone of hallucination , as if entity had no right to exist separate from image .
but a daughter was something else , a perplexing entity not suited for a surgical life .
yet it would be the most intelligent entity on the planet , by far .
and in the same instant the living entity was pronounced dead ; she existed no more .
because if the romans , the greeks , the hebrew scholars , and the christians all describe the same entities , and issue the same warnings and formulae for controlling them , then surely that is something not to be dismissed .
and if memory serves me now , i must aver that what we see through the legends , the books of magic , and the demonologies is a legion of entities which can be called up by name , and commanded by witches or sorcerers .
and though we in the talamasca have long held that most of this is pure fancy , we know that there are such entities , and we know that the books contain some worthwhile warnings as to the danger inherent in evoking these beings , for they may grant our wishes in ways that cause us to cry to heaven in desperation as the old tale of king midas and the peasant story of the three wishes make plain .
so naturally , they might become as gods to those who invoke them , and when their worshipers are conquered and scattered , the daimons would once more lapse back into chaos , or be but minor entities answering the occasional magician 's call .
when he woke up , he was stuart he had absolutely no recollection of ever having been anyone else indeed , he believed he was ten years old , and when he heard a manly voice issuing from his own throat , he was horrified when he discovered he had a grown man 's body , he was speechless with shock dumbfounded he sat in his hospital bed listening to stories of what had been happening to him for the last ten years of course he did not understand french he 'd had a terrible time with it in school and of course he could n't play the piano why , everybody knew he had no musical ability he could not even carry a tune in the next few weeks , he sat staring at the dinner table at his ' enormous ' brothers and sisters , at his now gray - haired father , and at his mother , who could not look at him without bursting into tears telephones and automobiles which hardly existed in 1905 when he had ceased to be stuart startled him endlessly electric lights filled him with insecurity but the keenest source of agony was his own adult body and the ever deepening realization that his childhood and adolescence were now gone without a trace then he began to confront the inevitable problems he was twenty with the emotions and education of a ten - year - old boy he began to gain weight , his color improved , he went riding on the nearby ranches with his old friends tutors were hired to educate him , he read the newspapers and the national magazines by the hour he took long walks during which he practiced moving and thinking like an adult but he lived in a perpetual state of anxiety he was passionately attracted to women , but did not know how to deal with this attraction his feelings were easily hurt as a man he felt hopelessly inadequate at last he began to quarrel with everyone , and discovering that he could drink with impunity , he began to ' hit the bottle ' in the local saloons soon the whole town knew the story some people remembered the first ' go round ' when antoinette had been born others only heard the whole tale in retrospect whatever the case , there was ceaseless talk and though the local paper never , out of deference to the doctor , made mention of this bizarre story , a reporter from dallas , texas , got wind of it from several sources , and without the family 's cooperation , wrote a long article on it which appeared in the sunday edition of a dallas paper in 1915 other papers picked up this story it was eventually forwarded to us in london about two months after it appeared meantime curiosity seekers descended upon stuart a local author wanted to write a novel about him representatives from national magazines rang the front door bell the family was up in arms stuart was once again driven indoors , and sat brooding in the attic room , staring at the treasured possessions of this strange person antoinette , and feeling that ten years of his life had been stolen from him , and he was now a hopeless misfit , driven to antagonizing everyone he knew no doubt the family received a great deal of unwelcome mail on the other hand , communication in that day and age was not what it is now whatever the case , a package from the talamasca reached stuart in late 1916 , containing two well - known books about such cases of ' possession , ' along with a letter from us informing him that we had a good deal of knowledge about such things and would be very glad to talk to him about it , and about others who had experienced the same thing stuart at once fired off a reply he met with our representative louis daly in dallas in the summer of 1917 , and gratefully agreed to go with us to london dr townsend , at first deeply concerned , was finally won over by louis , who assured him that our approach to such things was entirely scholarly , and at last stuart came to us on september 1 , he was received into the order as a novice the following year , and he remained with us from then on his first project of course was a thorough study of his own case , and a study of every other known case of possession on record his conclusion finally , and that of the other talamasca scholars assigned to this area of research , was that he indeed had been possessed by the spirit of a dead woman he believed then and ever after that the spirit of antoinette fielding could have been driven out of him , if anyone knowledgeable had been consulted , even a catholic priest for though the catholic church holds that such cases are purely demonic which we do not there is no doubt that their techniques for exorcising such alien presences do work for the next five years stuart did nothing but investigate past cases of possession the world over he interviewed victims by the dozens , taking voluminous notes he came to the conclusion long held by the talamasca that there are a great variety of entities who engage in possession some may be ghosts , some may be entities who were never human , some may be ' other personalities ' within the host but he remained convinced that antoinette fielding had been a real human being , and that like many such ghosts , she had not known or understood that she was dead in 1920 he went to paris to find evidence of antoinette fielding he was unable to discover anything at all but the few bits of information about the dead louisa fielding did fit with what antoinette had written about her mother time , however , had long ago erased any real trace of these persons and stuart remained forever dissatisfied on this account in late 1920 he resigned himself to the fact that he might never know who antoinette was , and then he turned to active fieldwork on behalf of the talamasca he went out with louis daly to intervene in cases of possession , carrying out with daly a form of exorcism which daly used very effectively to drive such alien presences out of the victim - host daly was very impressed with stuart townsend he became stuart 's mentor , and stuart was throughout these years noted for his compassion , patience , and effectiveness in this field not even daly could comfort the victims afterwards the way stuart could do it after all , stuart had been there stuart knew stuart worked in this field tirelessly until 1929 , reading the file on the mayfair witches only when a busy schedule allowed then he made his plea to the council and won at that point in time , stuart was thirty - five he stood six feet tall , had ash - blond hair and dark gray eyes he was lean of build and had a light complexion he tended to dress elegantly , and was one of those americans who deeply admires english manners and ways of doing things , and aspires to imitate them he was an attractive young man but his greatest appeal to friends and acquaintances was a sort of boyish spontaneity and innocence stuart was really missing ten years of his life , and he never got them back he was capable at times of impetuousness , and of flying off the handle , of getting furious when he encountered even small obstacles to his plans but he controlled this very well when he was in the field , and when he threw a tantrum in the motherhouse he could always be brought round .
when he woke up , he was stuart he had absolutely no recollection of ever having been anyone else indeed , he believed he was ten years old , and when he heard a manly voice issuing from his own throat , he was horrified when he discovered he had a grown man 's body , he was speechless with shock dumbfounded he sat in his hospital bed listening to stories of what had been happening to him for the last ten years of course he did not understand french he 'd had a terrible time with it in school and of course he could n't play the piano why , everybody knew he had no musical ability he could not even carry a tune in the next few weeks , he sat staring at the dinner table at his ' enormous ' brothers and sisters , at his now gray - haired father , and at his mother , who could not look at him without bursting into tears telephones and automobiles which hardly existed in 1905 when he had ceased to be stuart startled him endlessly electric lights filled him with insecurity but the keenest source of agony was his own adult body and the ever deepening realization that his childhood and adolescence were now gone without a trace then he began to confront the inevitable problems he was twenty with the emotions and education of a ten - year - old boy he began to gain weight , his color improved , he went riding on the nearby ranches with his old friends tutors were hired to educate him , he read the newspapers and the national magazines by the hour he took long walks during which he practiced moving and thinking like an adult but he lived in a perpetual state of anxiety he was passionately attracted to women , but did not know how to deal with this attraction his feelings were easily hurt as a man he felt hopelessly inadequate at last he began to quarrel with everyone , and discovering that he could drink with impunity , he began to ' hit the bottle ' in the local saloons soon the whole town knew the story some people remembered the first ' go round ' when antoinette had been born others only heard the whole tale in retrospect whatever the case , there was ceaseless talk and though the local paper never , out of deference to the doctor , made mention of this bizarre story , a reporter from dallas , texas , got wind of it from several sources , and without the family 's cooperation , wrote a long article on it which appeared in the sunday edition of a dallas paper in 1915 other papers picked up this story it was eventually forwarded to us in london about two months after it appeared meantime curiosity seekers descended upon stuart a local author wanted to write a novel about him representatives from national magazines rang the front door bell the family was up in arms stuart was once again driven indoors , and sat brooding in the attic room , staring at the treasured possessions of this strange person antoinette , and feeling that ten years of his life had been stolen from him , and he was now a hopeless misfit , driven to antagonizing everyone he knew no doubt the family received a great deal of unwelcome mail on the other hand , communication in that day and age was not what it is now whatever the case , a package from the talamasca reached stuart in late 1916 , containing two well - known books about such cases of ' possession , ' along with a letter from us informing him that we had a good deal of knowledge about such things and would be very glad to talk to him about it , and about others who had experienced the same thing stuart at once fired off a reply he met with our representative louis daly in dallas in the summer of 1917 , and gratefully agreed to go with us to london dr townsend , at first deeply concerned , was finally won over by louis , who assured him that our approach to such things was entirely scholarly , and at last stuart came to us on september 1 , he was received into the order as a novice the following year , and he remained with us from then on his first project of course was a thorough study of his own case , and a study of every other known case of possession on record his conclusion finally , and that of the other talamasca scholars assigned to this area of research , was that he indeed had been possessed by the spirit of a dead woman he believed then and ever after that the spirit of antoinette fielding could have been driven out of him , if anyone knowledgeable had been consulted , even a catholic priest for though the catholic church holds that such cases are purely demonic which we do not there is no doubt that their techniques for exorcising such alien presences do work for the next five years stuart did nothing but investigate past cases of possession the world over he interviewed victims by the dozens , taking voluminous notes he came to the conclusion long held by the talamasca that there are a great variety of entities who engage in possession some may be ghosts , some may be entities who were never human , some may be ' other personalities ' within the host but he remained convinced that antoinette fielding had been a real human being , and that like many such ghosts , she had not known or understood that she was dead in 1920 he went to paris to find evidence of antoinette fielding he was unable to discover anything at all but the few bits of information about the dead louisa fielding did fit with what antoinette had written about her mother time , however , had long ago erased any real trace of these persons and stuart remained forever dissatisfied on this account in late 1920 he resigned himself to the fact that he might never know who antoinette was , and then he turned to active fieldwork on behalf of the talamasca he went out with louis daly to intervene in cases of possession , carrying out with daly a form of exorcism which daly used very effectively to drive such alien presences out of the victim - host daly was very impressed with stuart townsend he became stuart 's mentor , and stuart was throughout these years noted for his compassion , patience , and effectiveness in this field not even daly could comfort the victims afterwards the way stuart could do it after all , stuart had been there stuart knew stuart worked in this field tirelessly until 1929 , reading the file on the mayfair witches only when a busy schedule allowed then he made his plea to the council and won at that point in time , stuart was thirty - five he stood six feet tall , had ash - blond hair and dark gray eyes he was lean of build and had a light complexion he tended to dress elegantly , and was one of those americans who deeply admires english manners and ways of doing things , and aspires to imitate them he was an attractive young man but his greatest appeal to friends and acquaintances was a sort of boyish spontaneity and innocence stuart was really missing ten years of his life , and he never got them back he was capable at times of impetuousness , and of flying off the handle , of getting furious when he encountered even small obstacles to his plans but he controlled this very well when he was in the field , and when he threw a tantrum in the motherhouse he could always be brought round .
he did not understand that the strongest manifestations of dis - carnate entities come through mortal witches there are even some suggestions that he thought the talamasca was being archaic and silly in calling these women witches and it is very likely that though he accepted the seventeenth - century descriptions of deborah mayfair and her daughter charlotte , he could not ' relate ' this material to a clever , fashionable twentieth - century ' jazz baby ' like stella , who seemed to be beckoning to him across the atlantic with a smile and a wink .
and discarnate entities ?
go for entity .
' this entity is evil .
and when i think about how deeply implicated in all this i am , how involved i ' ve been from the moment that entity looked out at me through the iron fence - well , thank god , they 're here , that they ' watch , ' as they say .
if this power i have is good for anything , maybe it 's good for destroying this entity .
and as a doctor , it 's perfectly easy for me to see that this entity is existing in some continuous relationship with our physical world .
' those rituals certainly do work , but i myself do n't know how to make them work , and i do n't know what the effect would be upon an entity this powerful .
you mean other discarnate entities have come into the realm of the material ? '
but all the basic ingredients of life are there - cellular structure most certainly , amino acids and dn a , and an organizing force that binds the whole regardless of its size and which responds now perfectly to the conscious ' ness of the being which can reshape the entire entity at will . '
for centuries , we ' ve puzzled over the nature of these seeming discarnate entities .
since it has not been demonstrated to be impossible - which is to say , the concept of such an entity has not been shown to be self - contradictory - then it follows that we must of necessity conclude that god exists .
it is a mystic , almost cosmic , entity .
and now we ' ve lost our primary data - processing entity , on which we are totally dependent .
he lay in a hospital bed , wired up and tubed up to countless devices like a cyborg entity .
its view of yah shocked him ; he envisioned yah , now , as the goat - creature did , and it was a dreadful entity , this vast and angry mountain deity who demanded the sacrifice of tiny lives .
but that living entity from intersystem space may , like us , be shaped in his image .
but you would n't know about that ; you 're an entity whose lifespan is relatively short , and in a short span there 's a lot lessc '' it paused , thinking .
` ` physicists continue to study these particles , and begin to realize they 're very strange entities .
at this rate , i was going to have to go to the spirit world for answers - and that was risky in more ways than one , not the least of which was the very real possibility that i might get eaten by the same entity i called up to question .
it was a rare thing for such an entity to take material form , and i had thought it so unlikely to happen that i had scarcely bothered to plan for it .
it did n't move the thing - the entity was far too massive for that - but the wind cast the grey cloak back as sharply as a ship 's flag caught in a gale , making the fabric snap and pop .
my evocation died away , and the entity 's cloak settled down again .
then again i summoned my will and soulfire , this time focusing on the earth near the entity .
i shouted , and the earth beneath the entity twisted and screamed , suddenly opening into a sinkhole .
the entity never moved .
the entity 's eyes kindled to life again , but this time i had anticipated it .
i drew it up through the cracks the entity had created in the rock , taking advantage of the work it had done , with a shout of , ` ` aquilevitas ! ''
a column of silver - and - blue flame as thick as my chest roared across the ground and struck the entity hard in the center of its mass .
weariness was slowly seeping into my limbs as the entity stared at me .
the entity stared at me .
when it passed , i was alone , the hilltop empty of entity and animal alike .
` ` can the entity feed you any other information , dresden ?
picking up the vidphone , he dialed 214 , the extension for the maintenance circuit of the building , ` ` listen , '' he said , when the homeostatic entity answered .
by process of elimination , the task of nullifying the field generated by this supernatural entity had devolved to her .
even this indistinct perception , still only subjective , made him uneasy ; it had already become too real , an entity which he had never known about before this moment .
if all of us stay together , if we function as an entity of - not two - but twelve minds - ` ` what did you see ? ''
joe said , ` ` russia will fight on the same side as the u.s.a . '' and all the other objects and entities and artifacts of this world , he mulled .
an infantile , retarded entity which enjoys what 's happening .
into the world of the tomb which a perverse entity surrounded by its own filth inhabits .
the fioor rose toward him and he made out shapes in the carpet , swirls and designs and floral entities in red and gold , but worn into roughness and lusterlessness ; the colors had diinmed , and as he struck the floor , feeling little if any pain , he thought , this is very old , this room .
` ` an irresponsible entity that 's enjoying what it 's doing to us .
you 're working with the force or entity or person that 's trying to help us .
i ' ve reached the last entities involved . ''
` ` there are four kinds of biochromatic entities .
what is odd about them is that they 're the only naturally occurring biochromatic entity , which is theoretically the explanation for why they ca n't use or bestow their biochromatic investiture .
` ` you 're more interested in type two and type three entities , '' vasher continued .
` ` type two biochromatic entities , '' he said , ` ` are what people in hallandren call lifeless .
they are different from type one entities in several ways .
what brings type one entities - returned - back to life in the first place ?
` ` creating type three biochromatic entities is what we traditionally call ' awakening , ' '' vasher continued .
` ` what is a type four biochromatic entity ? ''
it is in fact a vitiated and pale shadow of the knowledge of the heart , and , as a shade rather than an entity , it is not a proper guide .
she had already vacated the float - home , and mckie could sense the living entity 's resentment .
each entity remains linked until final discontinuity removes from ... network ?
yes , linkages of other entities into association with abnethe .
should personal discontinuity overtake self , all entities entangled share it . ''
` ` single entity of selfness , '' the caleban said .
thus ultimate discontinuity of personal selfdom reaches along linkages of s'eye connectives , repatterns all entities encountered . ''
` ` many beginnings exist for each entity , '' the caleban said .
` ` the idiom of the entities i ' ve ticked off .
technically , it had n't actually changed , but lasciel , who existed only as an entity of thought hanging around in my head , was able to create illusions of startling , even daunting clarity , even if i was the only one who could perceive them .
it carries over into the nevernever , and can be heard clearly by noncorporeal entities .
` ` for an inhumanly brilliant spiritual entity , you can really miss the freaking point . ''
the only serious victory i 'd had over a spiritual entity when i was that young had been when my old master had sent an assassin demon after me .
a terrible creature , the most potent of the walkers , a powerful knight among their ruling entities .
and you say the entity is n't responding to you anymore ? ''
` ` well , from what you told me , this psychic attack the entity blocked for you was quite severe . ''
` ` well , i told you that the entity in your head was like a recording of the real lasciel , right ? ''
i think it wiped out the entity . ''
there was a tiny bit of lasciel 's energy in you , supporting the entity , giving you access to hellfire .
that 's gone now , but the entity had to have had some kind of power source to turn against the essence of its own originator . ''
rhea directed the stream of foul language she did n't quite dare to direct at the glass ( who knew what entity might lurk inside it , waiting to take offense at such talk ? )
not only was she a qualified combat pilot , but her mental net could sync directly with the shuttle , meaning woman and machine became one entity .
he 'd become a distinct separate entity in her mind , just the thought of him evoking heat and need in her core .
this explained the one - way door - the binary were all electronic entities , and there was a heavy - duty computer tucked up against the wall .
` ` there are many discarnate entities like me in the universe , '' he said .
i ' m one of many discarnate entities sent to help you in your journey .
` ` we 're just a couple of supernatural entities and we were just wondering if you might help us with the whereabouts of the notorious son of satan . ''
oh god , he thought , or other suitable entity , do n't let me spend another evening cutting newspapers to bits in this ashtray of a room .
an entity in its own right .
the whole began to flow together , to coagulate into one huge entity that filled the room from floor to ceiling , pulsing gently .
he 's also a corporate entity in his own right . ''
the regularity of the roads , the repetition of structure and form , mean that when i try to remember it as an entity , all i have is the boundless profusion of tiny lights i saw from the hill of griffith park one night , on my first trip to the city .
he 's stopped existing as a spiritual entity , ' i said .
in this limbolike ether i was approached by various entities representing sentients that claimed no race , sex , or species .
i ' ve found that you ca n't just bluntly tell potential patients that their problems are the result not of a troubled childhood or a bad relationship , but simply because an invisible entity had latched onto their psyches like a virus and was exerting its influence .
somehow - there are several theories on this - the powerful neuro impulses that motivated those dark behaviors separated from humans and came to exist as separate entities , pockets of energy , you could say .
spider said , ` ` we 're both reasonable entities .
now she was in a dark house containing a shadowy tiger and a potential serial killer , and one , perhaps both , of those entities , had just attacked her mother .
` ` based on the initial reports , if either the victims or the perpetrators of the attacks are part of a terrorist network ... it would indicate a level of sophistication not currently thought possible by any known terror entity .
we discovered a quantum entity , a subatomic substance pervading the universe .
the accepted consensus was that this quantum entity was simply another universal constant , something that must exist in our universe to give rise to human life .
through thousands of years of practice , we learned to access this quantum entity , but we hit a wall- '' david held his hand up .
i have no idea what a quantum entity is . ''
let me just say that we discovered that all humans are linked through the quantum entity .
` ` we call this quantum entity that links all humans the origin entity .
` ` we call this quantum entity that links all humans the origin entity .
we believe the origin entity exerts influence over the entire universe , that it is both the origin point and the final destination for human consciousness . ''
and we gave you our code - a moral blueprint : practices that we have found bring us closer to the origin entity , practices we have found enhance the link , tying humans closer to each other and the harmony the origin entity offers .
and we gave you our code - a moral blueprint : practices that we have found bring us closer to the origin entity , practices we have found enhance the link , tying humans closer to each other and the harmony the origin entity offers .
we also emphasized that every human life is valuable ; every human is connected to the origin entity and could reveal more about the mystery . ''
` ` if what dr . malik described is true about their iqs , the entity you ' ve created out there is n't just insane - but brilliantly insane .
vigor knew that the vatican was as much a political entity as a spiritual one .
they were the very items that had sparked special attention among the questionable entities .
silencieux courant was a medium - sized corporate entity with no obvious ties to the opa , and the flight plan from pallas was plausible .
please understand that i have thought about this carefully and chosen my words : protogen can become the most important and powerful entity in the history of the human race .
they ' ve got elections coming up next year , and the secretary - general 's been catching hell about turning a blind eye to rogue corporate entities . ''
the efforts of individuals and corporate entities may have helped us to colonize the planets of our solar system and make life possible where it was inconceivable before , but the danger of someone unscrupulous taking control of the ring is too great .
lights from the cemetery , the river , and the pines on the north end of the park had converged in that open field in a luminescent swarm that moved toward him now as a single entity , accompanied by a jumble of voices drunk with the giddy exuberance of a chase .
` ` an entity of tremendous creative power . ''
` ` even a powerful outside entity would normally have to be invited to connect to the oculus .
nagi luna is the entity who helps the sphinx wield the oculus .
with the aid of the oculus , she may even have reached some of those fell entities inside of zzyzx .
there are certain entities in the dungeon that you do not want released .
the corporeal entities have a physical form , like wights and liches and zombies .
` ` an entity of terrible power , '' wilna agreed solemnly .
` ` you must slay that entity to gain vasilis .
just do n't use it to make any powerful entities unnecessarily angry . ''
vasilis tugged him toward the hazy entity .
many of those entities could destroy fablehaven if loosed . ''
neither do flattering words from sinister entities .
none of the unseen entities spoke .
` ` the entities inside the blackwell would say anything to gain freedom , at which point their promises would evaporate .
the entire sanctuary is perilous , but no foes are more deadly than the entities atop these mighty peaks . ''
he must have partnered with a powerful entity , and the nail must be amplifying his abilities . ''
` ` if the demon can bind himself to other creatures , in effect producing a new being , we suddenly have to reconsider every entity on the preserve as a possible source of the plague .
` ` when it merged with kurisock , it became a new entity . ''
true jinn are not much like the genies you have heard of in stories , though they are the entities through which the myths arose .
we may very well find not only that the grove contains the relic we have been seeking , but also that it is guarded by whatever entity transformed warren .
four nights a year , the boundaries that define where different entities can venture dissolve .
ancient entities of supreme evil patrol the darkness in search of prey .
it could have been a serious disaster , because none who remained on the preserve possessed the resources or knowledge to contend successfully with an entity of his power .
many other sinister entities were admitted to preserves only on condition that they would agree to certain limitations - agreements they entered voluntarily .
` ` the treaty of bremen states we need a majority rule to execute an act of war against any political entity .
i felt that i had abdicated my responsibility to that point , which was to consider those elements found inside of the tower as part of a vast biological entity that might or might not be terrestrial .
i had assumed the psychologist had hypnotized me into seeing the tower as a physical construction not a biological entity , and that an effect of the spores had made me resistant to this hypnotic suggestion .
and after his fate was determined ... imagine the expeditions - twelve or fifty or a hundred , it does n't matter - that keep coming into contact with that entity or entities , that keep becoming fodder and becoming remade .
and after his fate was determined ... imagine the expeditions - twelve or fifty or a hundred , it does n't matter - that keep coming into contact with that entity or entities , that keep becoming fodder and becoming remade .
now we knew - they had been calling on a higher power , and although it had taken almost two years for that august entity , the kalif , to take notice , take notice he had .
i saw a phosphorescent cloud of green spores dancing in the midst of the fog , the glistening , swooping fullness of them almost that of a single , sentient entity .
a camouflage that seeped into the flesh so that it became entity , identity .
` ` perhaps you should start praying to an entity that listens . ''
it 's never been any secret at this institution that the contemporary history department is a political entity rather than an academic one , ' itagne continued .
down in baby brother veltan 's domain , longbow had been plagued with a series of very peculiar dreams which were being rammed into his mind by an entity he always called ` ` our unknown friend , '' despite the fact that he 'd told zelana and the others that he recognized the voice - but he could n't quite attach a name to the speaker .
of course , no military man had viewed father earth from the moon , so soldiers were n't aware of the fact that straight lines were an unnatural imposition of a human concept upon a far more complex entity .
` ` the duchess of asturia and the queen of arendia are separate entities .
all the while , he chanted , imploring some entity in the sky above .
some entity that could n't be explained by physics or logic or mathematics or science .
the mat itself said wipe your feet , which michael thought was perfect for an entity like the vns , getting straight to business .
they were moving at breakneck speed through the travel zones designated for such vehicles , almost solely operated by government entities .
they bored into his , and in a knee - weakening instant , he knew the entity hiding inside grace 's body .
he noticed that she was much calmer afterward , and he realized it was n't the future that frightened her ; it was the past , the fact that she feared the entity inside her body was a figment of a young human girl 's shattered mind .
by definition , the entities inside them are immortal .
there are no entities downloaded into human bodies .
the abilities are separate from each other - individual entities that can not mix , like oil and water .
they are separate entities that can not mix . ''
the formula disguised in a colored fun - looking and good - smelling liquid physically splits your brain cells in half allowing any invading entity to access the subject with the tele power of telepathy .
for the time being , until another exciting entity intersects your existence , your current purposefor both angel - in - waiting parties , consists of cleaning the dirty disgusting toilet .
the baby soul descends for his or her heavenly nursery traveling gently in cloud transportation , not inside any type of entity handsof angels or other body parts , jam .
a celestial process administrated by a higher entity than i for a number of reasons .
the latin term means to bundle , to tie and to bind her angel - magic tightly by a celestial process which is administrated by a higher entity than her for a number of reasons , in this case for someone elses protection .
the latin term means to bundle , to tie , and to bind your angel - magic tightly by a celestial process which is administrated by a higher entity than youfor a number of reasons , in this case for any and all human avoidance and protection while completing this assignment on planet earth .
dallas explains finger pointing at the floating evil entity .
they spoke as one entity , but they were also many .
we thought giving them some kind of supernatural entity to fear would help us control them during training and beyond .
i ' m not used to dealing with people , and certainly not unknown entities from across the ocean .
hopelessness , fear , and anger , as though live entities , float in the mist , making me want to lie down and die all over again .
i imagined how wonderful it would have been to spend the rest of eternity in that moment , uncaring as to what happened outside of the single entity that was us .
yes , i understand inspector , but a biological entity designed to behave like a young man may suffer the same mental breakdown .
its white hair curled and moved like it was an entity of its own .
before them was a steel door with a fingerprint sensor next to it , which glowed red as if an evil entity were hiding inside .
she tilts her head as if to hear from some unseen entity then nods .
the room was filled with over a hundred different , strange entities ; and it took reece a moment to be able to comprehend the reality of the sight before her eyes .
they were like all creatures and none at all , a swirling unknown entity one second and corporeal the next .
the formation of the fake military base appears to be just that , a working and functioning entity complete with recorded voices , mechanical , and human .
anyhow , little kitten ; it seems you ve stumbled into our humble abode here as well as a whole new world of creatures , entities and demonsgood and bad , as well as countless dimensions and worlds that have been around longer than this one .
yes , in the bathroom with you , but not just to get a free show , entities are nt really into the pleasures of the flesh .
i m an entity , but you call us many things like ghosts , poltergeists , apparitions , spectersthe list go on , but really , were no different than you .
shut - up , you stupid entity !
thank you loki for being very blunt about that , and i realize that being discreet is nt a quality that entities possess .
no , there were no survivors , and no lingering demons or evil entities .
at least the shadowlands are harder to navigate without an entity guiding you .
i think i should go into entity mode and have a look at things .
go into entity mode ?
i take it you went into entity mode to find this out ?
i mean glass people not being able to sense me when i m in entity mode , somethings not right there .
i looked at lokis seat , and he was gone , in entity form i could only guess .
there s no other entity that i would trust to such odds , though .
i was trying to be generous to you entity .
i always knew i would come here one day , but never thought it would be with a glass person , entity , and a fairy .
you have a glass prince , an entity , fairy , and who knows what else that can help you .
there s an old mirror that eve had made for her army of entities she had at one time .
i got directions from another entity , one that worked for eve .
howhow on earth do you dissolve an entity ?
i do nt have any quarrel with you , and i do want to have the entities on my side as my mother once did , but things have changed , and my mothers ways are not my way .
eve got rid of the entity mirror a long time ago .
come on entity , you know ill win , angus said in a bored tone .
well , are you going to introduce us to your entity or are we going to have to go and find him for ourselves ?
and whether you knew the entity in your mirror or not , i know he was here , and , she walked slowly towards the mirror and stood in front of it .
there , no more entities will bother you .
no more entities can pass through this mirror .
i could sense plainly that it was an entity .
we want you safe as well , and now that entity is sealed in the mirrorforever .
and i know who you were in the company of , and i know one of them was an entity that travels through mirrors .
it was the entity loki that was in the mirror .
atlantians make good mirrors , and this one , he turned to me , was made with entity specifications .
what do you mean entity specifications ?
it means , entities only clubno humans or anything other than an entity allowed .
it means , entities only clubno humans or anything other than an entity allowed .
i d seen him do too much good to think he could be a bad entity , no matter who he was working for .
the chain was thick , the gold twisting down around to carry a heavy entity embedded in the center .
no demonic entities .
i could hear all of their thoughts and could move their bodies together as a single entity .
it 's an entity .
it was the more human side , he supposed , while the alien side lifted right out of his body , a separate entity observing all that surrounded him .
he reached for that entity , grabbing it with his mental arms and pulling it toward him .
there were two types of magical entities , the good ( the creatures of the light ) and the bad ( the dark siders ) .
even so , as one entity , the mass of people turned and began to run , trying to get away , remembering belatedly that any light at that point was the enemy .
many forms of this technology had been phased out decades ago after the ai galaxy wide had tapped into the main intra - galaxian data streams and had recognized a common mind among them and sanctimoniously determined that all humanoid entities were in fact a virus that needed to be neutralized for the health and longevity of the group conscience .
she had never imagined sound as a living entity before , but she could nt think of a better way to describe the notes caressing her mind with blissful wonder .
you could say the same thing about a drone piloted by our military , if you did nt know it was remotely operated by an intelligent entity that was wirelessly controlling it , rhapsody countered .
without any kind of understanding of wireless technology , a person from the last century would probably assume that the drone was a self - contained conscious entity as well .
it is the time when all of the intelligences in existence have united once more into a singular entity .
if we remained in this singular entity , nothing new could be learned because all of the intelligences in existence are already united and everything is known .
the future i witnessed was a world without war and sickness ; a world where humans overcame their prejudices and accepted each other as unique extensions of a single entity .
now , with each passing moment the desperation in my interactions with phillip was becoming a living entity .
they follow a dark entity called abaddan , it is the antithesis of the goddess .
when the sound was at a fever pitch , the cloud coalesced into a single entity , the unmistakable shape of the queen , before exploding once again into brilliant fireworks which cascaded down onto the beings below , some with faces raised in adoration and others who had already returned their interest to the two humans at the center .
in a thick brogue , and over the next hour they worked their way through the four cardinal directions , summoning the powers and forces of each and offering their words of gratitude to the entities that blessed them .
first of all , the universal mother is not some sort of queen or singular ruling entity like a dictator .
spontaneous combustion is done rarely enough that most humans still attribute it to be the material of legends , or the result of payment that is overdue to an evil entity and has been collected .
i am powerless to two entities : death and the county government .
i kept my hands busy , and i tried to ignore the whole notion of feelings and thoughts being two separate entities .
the entity can get me at any second with her pace .
this is what tells them if its an intelligent haunting or not ; they informed us that an intelligent haunting is when a ghost or an entity can interact with you , like george .
any references or similarities to actual events , entities , real people , living or dead , or to real locales are intended to give the novel a sense of reality .
any similarity in other names , characters , entities , places , and incidents is entirely coincidental .
he and the wolf were one entity .
ulec moved through the forest like they were one entity , as if the forest sped him on his travels .
this entity had the skills of a wrestler .
once i realized what was happening that this was nt a dream or an entity , but a man -- i pushed him away with all my strength .
in ancient times , the sphinxes were revered in egypt as benevolent entities that protected temples and tombs .
neb watched in wonder as the light became an entity , independent yet attached to balkind .
what had really happened of course , as an entity entirely and always connected to wildly large fields of information was to have quickly sent out just over a few thousand of his own personally scripted bots , spiders and probes to trawl the depths of the internet .
tabithas eyes were as wide as the pacific as she observed the multitude of containers , separators , boxes and display cases that held the sparkling entities .
originally managed by darpa , the us military darpa , the company simply referred to as tq had since developed into a unique entity that was only known to those in need of the highest levels of building management and network security .
i could feel distinct entities making their way towards us , trying to be discreet .
another magical entity was present and our perfect kiss was forced to a close .
but now that you live above that , with unlimited power and unlimited life you doubt that there is an entity greater than you ?
as separate entities they appeared like slender gusts of black wind , but united they became a solid wall of evil .
she moves away from the wall standing behind the chaises while observing each entity selects a purse then a fragrance .
the idea contradicts the very concept of an all powerful entity .
i know from my father 's map of the world that the southern cities are technically separate entities , but they occupy nearly the entire coastline , blending and melding together .
my whole entity is transferred with a simple touch .
we were single entities living in harmony with no possibility of miscommunication .
its different for everybody , but normally we receive it as a gift when we learn how to distinguish between ourselves and others as separate entities .
they became almost like one entity as they passed the paint horse and moved out in front , his long , orange mane mingling with her long , auburn hair .
the brain and spirit are separate entities that define who we are .
my hands , my lips , my tongue disconnect from my brain and work independently , each entity of my body extracting us much pleasure from this moment as possible .
feregana , like you and your ferrets , is a living entity .
the certain curiosity was the unknown entity .
balance is the entity that keeps the worlds developing .
its said that the seventines evil will never die , and if all of them escape their combined negative energy will consume the essence of every living entity .
i have a feeling some entity is taking advantage of the anomaly that is the dead zone of earth .
gladriel , shifted in her bright pink coralline chair , a living entity made by microscopic sea creatures that continued to grow even outside the ocean .
it was a living entity that was essential for each ones survival .
jeremy saw psi - tech becoming a government entity controlling the states of washington , oregon , and idaho .
when the aboriginal nation became a distinct entity in 2066 , that part of b.c .
the fear i d been too numb to fully feel rushed through me with fiery insistence , and i grabbed the hand , ready to twist it , break it , get it off of me in any way possible as if it were a disembodied entity separate from the arm and head and person i should have rationally known directed it , a venomous personified spider that threatened my very life .
the abilities are separate from each otherindividual entities that can not mix , like oil and water .
they are separate entities that can not mix .
i never got into the whole idea of worshiping an unseen entity from the bench inside a stone building .
he was a storyteller ; surely he could remember some clever ruse an ancestor had used to defeat a malevolent entity .
one of the most feared evil entities of the northern woods and great lakes regions , the windigo preyed upon people to satisfy a compulsive hunger for human flesh .
they ca n't even see uswe are the one entity above their control .
this entity was not .
she turned in panic staring at the terrifying creature rising into the air , a dry scrunching sound haunting her as it moved , the coloured leaves creating a solid entity that filled her with a dread she could not control .
the power of the universe is one amazing entity .
the reader - chair and you are one entity , miss persia , when my reader - chair slowly swirls to face her .
the wave is a living entity which if used improperly produce harm on you or me or your neighbor or your neighbors neighbor down the row .
the wave really is a living entity with me .
what exactly this terror entailed was julie , much to her absolute shock and disbelief , coming to see none other than kimberly herself being held against her will by an all too apparent entity made up of absolute blackness ; this reminding julie wholeheartedly of the cold , dank , airless darkness of space .
they looked at each other uncertain what to do next , closing the door would reveal their existence to the entity before them , they watched silently holding the fear inside .
she had known of the evil stalking zarah when jet called and told her about the break in , but had feigned ignorance and disbelief to try to keep zarah from truly believing the entity was real .
he came face to face with the entity , his terror freezing him to the spot .
darius looked up at the blade of the scythe , expecting to see blood , ready to fling the whole scythe into tartarus , ready to give tartarus azraels blood so that the entity knew the enemy .
he felt as though a foreign entity had drained all his strength .
but he constantly felt the cold presence of some entity hovering over him .
what you see before you is the entity that replaced her .
unfortunately , that required killing him in order for the next entity to slide into his shell and absorb what was left of his oar , which is how vampires mimicked the traits of the people they devoured .
since its greater to exist as both idea and reality , rather than just as idea alone , then god must exist both in the mind and as a real entity .
what if some concrete , non - abstract entity given the name time was reported to be in virginias possession ?
just sit idly by while alanna is imprisoned by , what every person i have come across to date , has described as the most evil entity to cross these plains in thousands of years ?
it was as if the being beyond those eyes had long lost morality and reason , and all that was left was a curious crazed and evil entity .
the ejon made the noti both harmless to others and powerless to supreme entities .
she stopped in the middle of the kitchen as if questioning some floating entity before responding .
i was nt becoming bored with him , but jace was a known entity , revel was not .
i will designate all persons or entities from whom we shall follow instructions .
were you astral traveling before you woke up and had an entity walk in or something ?
we had a brief laugh and in that very moment we were met with various entities that i could not recognize initially .
in my opinion , fate is a real entity : fate , mayhem , chaos , destruction , war , pestilence , hate .
because this case was a media haymaker and the public was screaming for answers , the two entities , without any reservations , worked together as if they never had a difference .
i fought fire - breathing creatures , two - headed demonic entities , and other creatures that could fly .
the state , you see , is a parasitic entity , dependent on the rest of civil society for succor .
it is wholly dependent on other entities for its survival , but it hamstrings the entities at every turn with the costs and trouble of carrying the state on their backs .
it is wholly dependent on other entities for its survival , but it hamstrings the entities at every turn with the costs and trouble of carrying the state on their backs .
the state might be completely incapable of the production of any useful goods or service , but it has one dimension that no other social entity can deliver : a monopoly on violence .
if sovereignty sits within the individual , not within god or ' the people ' or any other abstract entity , then is not the individual the arbiter of society ?
but i implore you all , not to forget the circumstance that put us in this position what institutions and what entities have caused the shortages that have so besieged us all ...
some of these travellers had gone far into outer space where they met the dark entities of the void , and now , calibur was warned , began to teach terrible things : the renunciation of life and the blessedness of the pure void from which all life proceeded , and ( they say ) should not have .
the arcra came from the world of the crystalline entities , in the ancient times of the order of the makers .
as she reached the two gigantic entities guarding the doors , and they moved into place she took a stance of her own challenging them .
we are not a public entity and only a select group of people even know we exist .
a quiet ensuesthe kind that harbors wanton entities .
i know it is something else , something unfathomable , an external entity , inexplicablepia zimmermann .
now annie is walking out with paw bo on her hip.and me , or someone that is me , an imposter , a physical entity , stands , looks one more time at markel .
physical entities dissolve .
the woman did nt seem to register this at first but then noticing that she had still not received her temporary pass she asked the entity on the other end of the telephone to hang on whilst she diverted her attention away from her phone for the first time .
there to be tempted by more than 2000 years in various stages of preservation , huge structures and stupas rising from the dusty plains , their visual entity ancient and serene , the cities relicts also silent monuments to history and that of king 's and kingdoms , buddhism , and repeated invasions over the centuries from southern india .
wellnot exactly what other disease entities might present with urinary pain , inguinal adenopathy and fever ?
the ise was a private entity but the two institutions were complementary , like other universities around the country .
the new country may already be devolving into multiple entities .
hence , he must have portrayed god , christ and all mankind as really just one entity .
are you an organization just to protect this knowledge , or are you part of a larger entity ?
as noble as it seems , this technology is for the benefit of humankind , not a few greedy entities .
the unknown entity trying to stop them is revealed while their closest partner shows a side they had never anticipated .
i guess electricity is nt the right word , but i felt like i was a vibrating entity of sorts .
he is a pagan entity .
a power not to be questioned , an entity more powerful than even a king .
transit one is a tricky entity , said darnell .
transit one had to be the wildest entity ever discovered .
in another era , ballbuster would have been out in the field terrorising eastern bloc spies , but today hers was the task of ensuring that mi5 survived as a separate entity , despite a recent government report suggesting that all of the security services could be merged to save millions of pounds every year .
the sinaloa cartel controlled much of the marijuana produced in mexico and had grown to be the largest cocaine and heroin trafficking entity in the world , handling over seventy percent of all colombian product that made it into the u.s . salazars operation was considerably smaller , but the brutality of his tactics made him a difficult adversary to encroach upon ; after ten years of unsuccessful attempts to execute him , an uneasy truce now held sway .
but there are entities that did nt heeds to its warning and violated its sovereignty .
the only controversy here exists over whether or not the province of quebec should become its own sovereign entity .
even laws that allow contributions by individuals only are easily overcome by wealthy entities and are impossible to enforce .
the list of services provided runs on to quite a bit ; everything from provision of security personnel at black sites , rendition teams for unauthorized ( read not on the books ) apprehension of persons of interest to national security and the conduct of surveillance and other operational support activities where the governmental entity itself either can not operate or lacks the personnel to assign .
this step is skipped if they are a walk in or handed off by another entity , however due diligence then requires one to go back and do the homework of background vetting and personality checking .
the primary us civilian intelligence collections , analysis and operations entity in the us intelligence community .
the primary military intelligence collections , analysis and operations entity in the us intelligence community .
false flag : an operational technique whereby the intelligence entity presents itself as having a different allegiance or composition than is the case .
the israelis for instance , are much more successful in recruiting arab agents when those agents think they are working for european entities .
he had spent most of thursday and all of friday at the william scott business and law library at northeastern illinois university , trying to find information on the saxon fund , the mysterious entity ( and still potentially just an elaborate prank ) sent by an anonymous source .
i found the merging of those two dysfunctional entities , science and religion , and utilized the tool i needed to make my experiment work - the infinite weight of sin .
in its true form , ocham 's theorem stated entia non sunt multiplicanda praeter necessitatem , which translates to entities should not be multiplied beyond necessity .
none of the saboteurs could be directly linked to change makers or the other entities which brady and wesley managed .
he could smell the steel like a living entity in the night air .
the way i understand it , september said , jumping in when the woman paused for a breath , is that you feel there is a malicious entity that is attracted to your power , and that this entity has been driving people away from you .
the way i understand it , september said , jumping in when the woman paused for a breath , is that you feel there is a malicious entity that is attracted to your power , and that this entity has been driving people away from you .
eventually , he found his way to an open door leading out behind the house , and the sudden sound of bobos laughter told him that he had finally located the other two living entities in residence .
it was nt facts i found there , you understand , but something that turned my thinking about the nature of cells and how they function as living entities .
evil entities lurk beyond the curtain of everyday life .
looking more closely , i saw that several of the jars contained cloudy shapes , as if the stuff were coalescing to form distinct entities .
no , they d probably form a society for the protection of revivified entities or something of the sort .
the problem was that to the rest of the world herbert west no longer existed as a living entity .
it was ten days since the disturbing encounter with the entity that was not hocks .
they manifested into discernable entities as i drew nearer .
i also feel the entity or disturbance you have spoken of in this new realm .
could they be another entity that , like the cyber - realm has recently morphed from some mysterious power ? '
a thinking entity unleashed into the freedom of this powerful new world .
the wobbling becomes violent momentarily before it grows again becoming a larger , more distinct entity rather than an extension of billy 's astral form .
dr . reed , the center for concerned studies has been following an entity for quite a long time .
this entity has the ability to take the form of anyone it sees fit to emulate .
but we have reason to believe that what you saw with your wife was actually this entity emulating your wife .
what sort of entity ?
my legs and privates seemed to be their own entity independent of meunder the spell of lion , governed by lionas were my eyes , only they were being governed by him .
other teams correlated the results of these small pieces into larger entities .
our lives , our existence , it is all part of a larger entity .
but that this is manifested in the form of a godlike figure or entity , that is doubtful .
the undergrowth became a solid entity , snagging at our clothes and limbs , and hampering our progress .
i did nt feel comfortable telling danny either , but at least he was a known entity .
his first concern was if the entity following him knew where he lived .
now , a lot of outfits suddenly found themselves being bought by a mysterious japanese entity named dai nippon , international .
also , since heavy buys were underway , the latest sec filings ( required when one entity acquires more than five percent of the stock of a given company ) were being readied .
no entity , i ' ve always believed , is unstoppable , no matter how massive .
the space program of the ussr will be integrated with that of japan - all personnel , equipment , and launch facilities being operated thereafter as a single , unified entity .
she looked down to the table , incredulously , then moved away from me , pushing with her feet to move the chair as far away from the table as possible , as if unwilling to have contact with the mysterious entity .
we became a single entity in those days and nights at the disused office , pooling our strength and our wits in this endless game of survival .
we are not a violent entity .
to the physicist , it is not an entity at all but , rather , equalization : air rushing from a zone of high pressure to one of lower .
you honestly expect us to make a supernatural entity hunting school club ?
judging by the look on reikoku - senseis face , this outcome was planned all along : everyone is going to take part in this because they want to protect someone else and the ones who see through her plans are still forced to follow them because whether we choose to research and hunt those entities or not , there are more of them and they are here .
honestly , i could relate to the poor fellows : despite coming from trees and everything , i do nt quite believe any entity , living or dead , have reikoku - sensei as a personal warder .
unlike what i quickly trained myself to expect in that school , nothing much happened other than several successive physical education classes ( something i managed to avoid last week by being absent due to an unfortunate meeting with an entity that was rather mysterious at the time ) .
the way ryo can change from too nave to way too sharp in the blink of an eye also went uncommented , although god and many other supernatural entities know i had a plethora of chances i never bother to take .
y - your plan is to defeat me , the entity who created this glorious realm , with mere brute force ?
as i watched the world spin around me i knew it was hopeless ; if that was how broken i was , if that was how i got whenever i just considered murdering someone not possessed by an entity i would only have one shot .
i say aloud as much to the unseen entity as to myself .
this man or woman or thing or entity or whatever the hell it was , was doing a splendid job at fraying the last ends of my sanity .
it was nt a mask , it was a part of the entity , the only part exposed .
another entity answered the previous , and to my dismay it originated at my right .
it had allowed him to gaze upon the woman he loved through the eyes of a solitary entity .
we sent you to effect a certain change in the negotiations between the passiss and a hostile entity .
excuse her / it , i pray you , you / he / she is never behaved so it said stefania taking me the hand to check the entity of the damage .
appearing in a televised press conference in switzerland , he declared pakistan as a dead entity and while proclaiming balochistan province as an independent country .
and it was a physical entity encroaching upon rachels presence as well as her sanity .
earthworm immune systems use leukocyte receptors to identify self entities opposed to non - self entities .
earthworm immune systems use leukocyte receptors to identify self entities opposed to non - self entities .
black against the background , the spider - like entity swims by the receptors without attracting any attention .
in order for the entire idea to work , there would have to cease to be any type of interaction between biological entities across the two sides of the barrier .
she asked a little hesitantly.-this was the first time she had had visual contact.-when she heard the light single tap , she smiled at the entity and turning on her penlight , she checked the first question on her list , then extinguished the light .
today scientists no longer consider time as an independent , constant entity , but as one aspect of an interdependent space - time continuum .
he moved like a floating entity or ghost .
gastonish ... may we ... i it corrected itself , examine the ... entity ?
and the one who s twisting it is this entity called divorce , and it is holding hands with my parents .
no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted by any person or entity , in any form or by any mean , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , scanning or by any information storage and retrieval system , without prior permission in writing from the publisher .
no official entity has issued more than a few cursory statements .
as if he was weightless , fressa swung his leg up on his pet , his body molding to shakas curved back , making them appear as if they were one entity .
the glowing entity swirled around him .
he began to yank the small entities off the mammoi one at a time .
you think this operation is simply a mop up of the mess you and ms . davis here made of the encroachment of an unknown biological entity ?
when he talked , he stared into oblivion , as if he really was n't talking to me , and was talking to himself or another entity that i visibly could n't see .
as i sat and peered out of the window and watched the traffic go by , i jumped slightly by an entity to my left .
the entities that exist in the spiritual world , or if you prefer , on other , more subtle levels of existence .
the demonic entity had evidently lost its grip on him , though it must have been a considerable shock to his system because all he seemed able to do was to stare at me , opening and shutting his mouth in an attempt to speak .
surprisingly , instead of a demonic entity from the very depths of the netherhells , there was instead a news bulletin and i was shocked to see that some sort of major global crisis has sprung up suddenly overnight !
for details , see below the trilogy continues ... book two of the cripplesby diaries mcroots elliot and geeza are thrown together once more , travelling through africa in a race against time to stop a mysterious , but hideously evil entity .
they are any entity that profits from the plant being illegal : private corrections , big oil , electric , big chemical companies , and a host of others .
this can include the ability to change how an entity travels through time .
she finds this genre an exciting challenge and enjoys writing about the sexy vhampiers , werewolves , dragons , and other entities .
her greatest thrill in writing the paranormal genre is the limitless range of characteristics , powers , and weaknesses available to develop her characters ' and entities ' realms .
tequila 10 is a new series , full of paranormal entities .
the ocean miles and miles and horizon to horizon david could sympathize with his brothers feelings about the ocean as a vast , breathing entity ; then they landed and david vomited so hard the bag fell from his hands and the puke landed all over his front .
but i would nt actually give it a different name other than that ; then you might as well set up a new business entity .
would nt any entity ?
thankfully and these are the moments that even an atheist might wonder what sort of benevolent entity had been watching over themi did nt fall and roll or land face first on the horribly rank and sodden ground .
in fact i would give more credit to the british for making india one entity .
they have no idea how powerful an entity it is and on top of all of that , they re giving it access to the entire russian arsenal god help us all both frank and maria knew that kefas it was none other than satan .
the thurmond family is its own entity .
we are our own entity , but owe our complete allegiance to the the jeffersonian elites .
you have been a good contact for this organization , keeping up to date with various entities such as the thurmonds .
zachary tried to picture himself occupying this young - mans existence , and while doing so he remembered jasmines instance of the importance of natural rights , those inalienable rights that no entity , government or otherwise , can strip from a person , and mused upon that peculiar natural right listed by jefferson in the declaration , the pursuit of happiness , a phrase that that had always caused zachary to pause with wonderment .
out here this night i was a lone entity in a world i did n't know .
but external forces that attack us outside the womb are not regulated ; the people and things we encounter in life shape the entities we become .
that s the part that fascinates me - which single man , which one entity , without help from anyone else , wields the power to defeat any single other ?
god , if such an entity existed , must have felt sorry for me , or felt willing to reward my actions .
had harvey been the fall guy for some thief trying to sell access to navy secrets to a foreign entity ?
it was as though the wind were a living entity , opaque and largely misunderstood he could feel the rage that it carried , a sickly sweet miasma riding an otherwise pure , benign spirit .
he existed in stephens mind as an entity that stephen was nt sure was entirely separate from reality anyway .
there was only one entity i could call , one entity who was at home and would thrive amidst such grotesqueness : the devil himself .
there was only one entity i could call , one entity who was at home and would thrive amidst such grotesqueness : the devil himself .
guzzling it down , shed morphed into some mad , liquid - sucking entity .
or at least i am not sure of god as an actual thinking entity with a will , a consciousness , and a plan for existence .
how are we going to work out the agreement between our two entities ?
by different and very reputable entities .
criminals were an entity that never ventured into any positive category and most definitely did not allow for any association .
all of these companies are owned by the same two entities .
i did nt know how many entities she was working for .
three entities own kozlevich .
p & s owns thirty - three percent , simon brun owns thirty - three percent and an unknown entity owns the remaining thirty - four percent .
even as simon brun he was an unknown entity .
` ` i rob foreign infested entities and companies and am a terrorist from occupy wall street movement '' he added .
for the first time in history , the ppp government is under the attack of a serial killer under a decentralized collective entity called occupy movement .
how could such a thing happen among two friendly entities ?
rpw corporation came to be a legal entity in 2009 .
they waved around the american flag and the patriot act , insinuating questionable threatening behavior must be occurring , when entities under investigation did not simply allow them to run roughshod through their business activities .
the businesses , formerly held under the collective umbrella of remons global international subsidiaries , inc . , were purchased by a non - u.s . entity known as global enterprises .
chaoyang district was , after all , beijings diplomatic district and home to more than sixty percent of foreign business entities in beijing , including hundreds of foreign - owned companies .
sometimes they were hired by entities larger than themselves .
she paused on purpose ; she liked to visualize unknown entities straightening their backs as she dropped her surprise on them .
after a long pause he said i have a female entity coming through , but the vibration is very faint .
it may come about that certain entities would kill for the formula .
two things : how strong is the buying entity , and second , is the arizona facility involved in the purchase ?
he has also become a much more powerful entity .
i pushed myself away from the entity , kicked my feet wildly and slid my body backward , but barely moved .
although ... .i , um , i do know what you re saying , jennifer continues , i was thinking the other day how this is the brilliance of corporations , they keep you angry at this faceless entity .
geographically perhaps virginia was no more a southern entity any more than ohio appeared to be situated in the midwest , but attitude had always shaped these regions more than any map ever could .
the entity draws me out , as this deep heavy worrisome ocean continues to smashes me on its sea floor .
i feel my worthlessness compared to the admiration the approaching entity somehow feels towards me .
the entity grabs my sleeve and pulls me quickly inside .
i just have this gut feeling we should investigate this despairing entity .
josh studied the charts on his computer screen.the stock and commodities markets were not inanimate objects.they were a living , breathing entity with emotions and mood swings.there were numerous trading gurus who wrote books and taught seminars.josh was beginning to realize that there was no one method or truth.the answer was a composite of all methods , along with some additional insight that resided within himself.he did not yet have that insight .
the mental health system was a crowded entity , fighting to stay afloat among the needy , and justifying its presence by going through the motions of treatment.the hard copy evidence of treatment and well thought - out plans of action that were required by licensing entities received more time than the patients.it had to be this way , when annual audits by these bureaus demanded individual documentation for each person , notating their every move , as well as a step - by - step outline of the persons goals.these beautifully executed treatment plans were about as applicable to reality as the grand idea of the unicorn.realistically , a patients only goal was to begin putting one foot in front of the other without falling on their face.the stream of paper on each patient was a grand illusion that maintained a facilitys license , and most of a mental health workers time was required to maintain it .
the mental health system was a crowded entity , fighting to stay afloat among the needy , and justifying its presence by going through the motions of treatment.the hard copy evidence of treatment and well thought - out plans of action that were required by licensing entities received more time than the patients.it had to be this way , when annual audits by these bureaus demanded individual documentation for each person , notating their every move , as well as a step - by - step outline of the persons goals.these beautifully executed treatment plans were about as applicable to reality as the grand idea of the unicorn.realistically , a patients only goal was to begin putting one foot in front of the other without falling on their face.the stream of paper on each patient was a grand illusion that maintained a facilitys license , and most of a mental health workers time was required to maintain it .
with only three weeks left in the study , the management team at dominex pharmaceuticals was taking no chances.they had a physical trail on sheila and jerry.office and home phones were being monitored , and all the volunteers that had dropped out of the study were being called and compensated to avoid any contacts with outside entities .
but i wanted to use an evil entity other than the antichrist .
then i realized i already had that entity in rasalom .
a few would notice inconsistencies and point fingers elsewhere , blaming the government or big oil or some other powerful but faceless entity .
it stood as a dark entity in the shadow of the setting sun .
its clear the csa will no longer be allowed to operate as a free entity anymore .
but there is no real me : only an entity , something illusory .
he was surprised to learn that the house was owned by an entity called wrm holdings , a corporation licensed in mississippi .
wrm corporation , the owner of record for the duplex edwin shared with ellie byrne in holly springs , was wholly owned by another similar entity , ecr corporation .
her mind rejected the idea of more impossible entities lurking in the castle .
thomas pepper or this entity that wore his guise said .
and thomas pepper or whatever this entity had been said , you should turn around , serena .
arkane was an unknown entity .
the people who worked in the small teams across the globe understood that there are other entities loose in this world , not human , not alien .
for all we know , by now he could have crated it up and sold it to an offshore entity .
she put in her credentials and began searching government computers operated by any government entity operating in nevada .
that meant that there were things entities that might want to get into his head ; perceivers had the ability to jump between the physical and spirit worlds .
it was too easy to fuck with the wrong entity from the other side and pick a fight you could n't win .
within the thick walls of bibis house , the night always seemed to be an entity of its own ; more than a mere absence of light .
we deal in numbers , in mergers , in huge estates , and corporate entities , '' ian frank countered easily .
the mind of a human is a strange entity : ask me what i was doing for most of 1995 as a fully - grown adult and i can only give you a vague description related to the haze of writing up my phd thesis , but that day when i was 5 years old i can see and feel like it was yesterday .
the entity that was krieger estates was really an individual , of which all krieger colleagues belonged .
with time and great struggle the new entity would shed the oppression and sins of the mainland .
genetic scans confirm that the entity is of unknown origin .
sensors estimated that it took the entity four point nine seconds to recover from aeniahs pulse blasts and what exactly was that aeniah .
she will insist that she has been replaced by an entity from outer space or something .
how can i prove to myself or how can you prove to me that my sensory input is , indeed , triggered by some external event or entity ? ''
the building would be waking soon , some of it already was , i was no longer some entity all alone .
i found no way to rationalize the way the officers behaved toward such an entity , to a man who d done such a thing to himself , stood wheezing rags of speech out holes he d carved in himself , looking to accuse me with evidence verified by one eye and as much by cloth and grain .
the delega group is a dangerous entity .
chapter nine in the autumn of 1985 the town of pripyat was largely unknown to the world at large ; even within the soviet union it was something of a non - entity : a few more knowledgeable types in moscow might nod their head in recognition of the word , might offer the opinion that it was the name of a fairly uninteresting tributary of the dneiper river , some might go as far as to say that it was a town not so very far distant from kiev , or that it was one of the more prosperous industrial areas in the still largely agricultural ukraine .
carver imagined all the piles of his money , bundled up in small denomination notes , so that they formed one vast physical entity , and then this great mass of paper being set loose on the open ocean like a massive raft which constantly needed to be maintained and tended to , in order to stop bits breaking off and floating free , or sinking in pulpy , water - logged clumps to the depths of the sea bed .
to martin , the crowd , which had taken on the properties of a single collective entity , each small individual somehow subsumed within the anticipation of the whole , represented a vacuum , every past injustice and bitter experience having driven out the last vestiges of ordinary humanity .
the thing that had always been missing - strangely the same entity that garnet wendelson always felt that he had lacked in his life - was respect .
because they operated as a private entity , they were nt slaves to the same constrictions that the military faced .
the department of homeland security was a separate entity from the cia and had even been at odds with them from time to time .
a far more creative entity than any hollywood artist was in charge .
tracking it completely will be a nightmare , but one entity showed up that immediately grabbed my attention .
samantha threw her head back and laughed , the sound more like alexandra than herself as she became lost in the chasm between the two warring entities .
for sylvie , the church had always been an innocuous entity ... a place of fellowship and introspection ... sometimes just a place to sing out loud without people staring at her .
he was sure the bbc would let him go ; no doubt they would have legal troubles from numerous powerful entities ... cern and george bush among them .
by officially endorsing jesus as the son of god , constantine turned jesus into a deity who existed beyond the scope of the human world , an entity whose power was unchallengeable .
she felt a growing suspicion that she was witnessing an overblown publicity stunt by a desperate nasa and white house - two struggling entities attempting to elevate a propitious find to the level of earth - shattering nasa victory .
it represented aerospace contractors , entrepreneurs , venture capitalists - any private entity that wanted to go into space .
` ` as you know , '' the cia director went on , his tone sharpening , ` ` all u.s . government entities who deal with sensitive intelligence information are governed by strict rules of secrecy - military , cia , nsa , nro - all of them must abide by stringent laws regarding the concealment of the data they glean and the technologies they develop .
i am proposing that nasa remain the superb , scientific , nonmilitary entity it currently is , but with a bigger budget , and some discretion . ''
` ` nasa , for all its flaws , must remain a government entity . ''
not in the sense that he 's a legal entity accessible to their jurisprudence .
a single entity defined by the sum of its parts .
the human body , for example , consists of millions of individual cells , each with different attributes and different purposes , but it functions as a single entity . ''
what if i told you that a thought is an actual thing , a measurable entity , with a measurable mass ?
inferno is the underworld as described in dante alighieri 's epic poem the divine comedy , which portrays hell as an elaborately structured realm populated by entities known as ` ` shades '' -bodiless souls trapped between life and death .
langdon looked again , realizing it was the other entity that used the red cross .
government agencies are the last entities on earth that should have access to this technology !
that was the moment of blending , when the personality states came together as a single entity .
tony and kate had breakfast together every morning , and the topic of conversation was always kruger - brent , ltd . tony marveled that his mother could care so passionately for a faceless , soulless entity , an amorphous collection of buildings and machines and bookkeeping figures .
it was one of three owned by various entities controlled by the trudeau group , and leased through a separate charter company that made it impossible to track the true owner .
rinehart sent each a detailed memo and request for an immediate donation to the fisk campaign in the amount of $ 2,500 , the maximum for an organized entity .
and if you 're on the outside , you become part of that amorphous entity , a ` ` damn fine staff '' . '
he presented a sheet of paper which gave the bare details : a $ 100,000 wire originating from the first iowa bank in des moines , remitter being a faceless entity named cmt investments .
the payee was another generic entity named boomer realty , ltd . boomer was the name of joe roy spicer 's favorite bird dog .
the federal government ; of all bumbling entities , was showing a surplus !
mattiece knew they knew , so he quietly unleashed two dozen faceless entities upon the landowners of terrebonne parish .
he clearly identifies palestine with the land in the old text , noting that the region is the only place he knew where a jewish political entity existed .
finally , they were able to discover thatcbig as it iscdonk and lapierre is a wholly owned subsidiary of a far larger entity , which turns out to be the source of my second candidate : the altman group . ''
one was from a clerk at an irs office in st . louis who , though mystified by getting a request from the cia 's office of internal review , was happy to oblige with the details of the special - purpose entities formed by a light - industrial firm over the past seven years .
in violation of the rules , he had not told his employers about the acquisition of the lakeside parcel - an acquisition that , to further protect his privacy , he 'd arranged through a hard - to - trace offshore business entity .
they suckled their corporate entities on public funds while sermonizing about the virtues of private enterprise .
an entity that was hers -no , an entity that was her .
an entity that was hers -no , an entity that was her .
` ` likewise when two entities share the same competitive goal , whether economic domination in some realm or political dominion over the pacific region .
` ` we have what historians might call a concordat , an agreement between entities that do not necessarily concur on all things but find a common agenda that allows them to coexist .
each entity can give assistance to the other . ''
` ` two separate entities , and you 're right , i don'thave a damn thing to win or lose .
and as if the wideexpanse of the atlantic ocean were merely a paleblue connector , canada and the united states ofamerica were part of this arcane entity .
there was some other entity in there .
i would suggest getting these out to all law enforcement entities in every large city in america . ''
` ` i think ivt is the legitimate entity that 's been bankrolling dujja all these years . ''
in the middle 1700s , he had joined forces with muhammad ibn saud to create a new political entity .
' i ' ve been waiting for you , and the powerful entity who guides and protects you brought you . '
an entity unknown - either khan or someone who had hired him - wanted to get to bourne , shake him up so badly that he would lose his concentration and forget about the murders of alex conklin and mo panov .
` ` since liss has given you orders to find the gold ring with this engraving , it might interest you to know that he is not operating as an independent entity . ''
her latest used heuristic techniques , meaning it learned from every attempt to break it , as if it were a self - educating entity , changing on the fly .
but especially after the multiple security breaches ci recently suffered , hart has make it clear that we ca n't afford to overlook the possibility that she 's working clandestinely for some other entity martin knew nothing about . ''
as he gave the file to tyrone , soraya said , ` ` since our last meeting my people have intercepted more communication from the same entity , which increasingly seems to be the command center . ''
it 's one entity , and the oriental wo n't tolerate a disobedient child , you know that . '
the assassin 's strength was in his total disassociation with any structured entity , jason bourne had proved that thirteen years ago in paris .
you ' ve been buying up companies all over europe through mergers and acquisitions using surrogate and misleading corporate entities .
in a few hours , he would be in possession of a brand - new life form , an entity he had created and which , if ever released , would be the most fearful scourge ever to stalk the earth .
each an entity in itself ; each isolated from the others , as the entire complex was isolated from the adjoining territory of port antonio .
do you think any political entity with a power structure based in wealth will tolerate you !
9:18 a.m. bethesda , maryland most people think of the behemoth national institutes of health as a single entity , which is far from the truth .
whoever controls the fanatics gets the contracts , and with all those massive operations under one entity - regardless of the names they use - there 's a dangerous political force in the area calling a lot of vital shots we definitely wo n't like . '
suddenly , with the aggressive speed and purpose of an olympic athlete , code grey spun away from the wall , hurling himself at the two figures in the doorway , somehow managing to withdraw a handgun from some unseen place as he crashed his body , surging up laterally into his two enemies , his feet and arms , again somehow , pulling them together as one entity and sending them across the floor .
under secretary - general for political and security council affairs , jaako torvalds , says , ' it 's like working with a friendly , peaceable , independent entity , if not a government .
supposed to be an independent corporate entity . ''
the semi - unified entity that was europe would finally coalesce - around a new shared enemy , with a united europe squaring off against the united states .
` ` we 're talking about the long - term interests of this geopolitical entity , not the greater glory of the second berquist administration !
` ` quentin , your brother and sisters know nothing of what i do , only that we own and control many business entities .
the paper and i had grown and matured together ; me as an adult , it as a prosperous entity .
` ` what i conceived and what finally emerged were two quite different entities .
one in which whole areas operate as separate entities , distinct from one another yet held together by a common iden- tity .
joshua appleton , iv , was the senator from massachusetts , the appleton family the most powerful political entity in the state .
governments as we have known them are no longer viable entities .
it was a paper colossus worth over seven billion american dollars , seven thousand times a million , built on the manipulations of a long - forgotten entity .
irregularities began to appear , allocations to nonexistent entities , that sort of thing .. ..
the international herald tribune ( front page ) stunning move by aircraft giants paris , sept . 30 - the combined announcement from london and paris that british aeronauticals and the french compagnie du ciel have merged into a single corporate entity has sent shock waves through the aircraft industries in europe and the united states .
it 's like a genealogical tree , each entity a marriage or birth that evolves into another entity , until it has to finalize into our major cartels . ''
it 's like a genealogical tree , each entity a marriage or birth that evolves into another entity , until it has to finalize into our major cartels . ''
this vast number of electronically joined entities looked a lot like the internet , which meant the best hackers could use one system as a door to another .
as a trading bloc and a geographical entity , europe has common interests that are of little importance to the united states .
in it , england was air strip one for a pan - american and british commonwealth entity called oceania , united happily forever .
instead , they showed characteristics closer to fuzzy wavelike entities .
my annual revenues far exceed those of all your entities combined .
it 's a powerful firm that represents rich corporations and governmental entities , and has an office in washington , where it lobbies with the elite .
for almost a year i ' ve lived with a burning hatred of the mystical entity that is great benefit life .
` ` the company is an entity .
the appeal to one entity , negotiating with one power .
mammoth corporations , allied and axis alike , establishing a joint entity in order to enrich all of them .
the mammoth corporations of the time , some as intact and as vast as ever , some of them now subsumed into corporate entities even greater than themselves .
` ` received by a trust , domestic representatives of an offshore entity that remains , even to them , completely opaque . ''
` ` a notional entity , like a shell company . ''
sort of a blind entity . ''
peter had provided for the automatic payment of the annual fee ; the name , telephone number , and mailing address involved a corporate entity that matthias had set up for him ; all communications went to deschner , as its legal representative .
thus the cardiology clinic was a notional entity , made up of a changing population of doctors and patients depending on who was sick and how bad they were .
and there is an entity that would bring this tower down .
they would communicate their essences to one another and luminously merge , becoming a single brilliant entity .
and i could see dean , worrying about lia out all night with an unknown entity that neither one of them had a reason to trust .
all those flushes , all that hand soap and shampoo and detergent and toilet paper and barroom vomit , all the coffee stains , bloodstains , and sweat stains , dirt from the cuffs of your pants and grime from the inside of your collar , the cold vegetables you scraped off the plate into the garbage disposal , cigarettes and urine and hard bristles of hair from legs , cheeks , groins , and chins it all met up with hundreds of thousands of similar or identical entities every night and poured , she assumed , through dank corridors fleeced by vermin and out into vast catacombs where it commingled in rushing water that rushed off towhere ?
it must have happened recently , because dave could n't remember any body - racking instance in which he 'd felt his soul shift and evaporate to make way for this new entity .
you 're just your own entity , i believe . ''
i mean , what else was there when it came to humanoid entities ?
or are we merely talking about an entity that has bided his time for right moment to come out of hiding ? ''
fouling it wo n't actually stop her using it , it 'll just prevent her from calling through certain types of entities . ''
she no longer felt like a single entity but one complete being with him .
the blackness of rudy romanov 's rage was like a living entity , demanding death .
the heat built ; the flames leapt until their bodies were slick with sweat , until she was clinging to him , her body pliant silk , white - hot heat , until they were one single entity , body , mind , heart , and blood .
her heart ached for julian , for her brother , for all those who had to fight and destroy a living entity .
barack followed , a silent shadow , willing to do whatever it took to rid their family of this evil entity that threatened syndil and desari .
as if alive , as if a separate entity , the darkness in him had leapt forward , eagerly reaching for the hunt - for the kill .
even with his lifemate close , it was a living , breathing entity inside of him and it demanded those around him go his way.i will fight my nature as much as possible , lara .
she had lost none of her mage skills , but it was possible the entity could feel her presence as a threat .
the entity had burrowed beneath the earth , the negative energy raising the toxicity of the ground so that lara 's sensitive soul wanted to weep .
she used herself as bait to bring the entity to the surface , and allow natalya to destroy it . ''
the entity destroyed babies so she regressed and became a child so it would follow her , '' natalya explained .
it was only the combined strength of the parents and the fact that the entity had to work on both babies simultaneously that gave them the resistance needed to hold out .
` ` you lured the entity , for lack of a better word , to the surface and natalya was able to get it out of savannah , but it was much easier with me there , was n't it ?
hunger was a living , breathing entity crawling through her body with a relentless demand .
they were one single and complete entity .
she whispered the words , the fear in her a living , breathing entity .
` ` i am in your debt , stefan , '' he said simply , his voice , as always , calm and peaceful , at terrible odds with the rage like a living entity inside him .
he could feel it in her like a living , breathing entity .
she was suddenly aware of hunger moving through her body like a living , breathing entity .
perhaps it is just as well that they do not comprehend they are dealing with two separate entities . ''
as the whirling column threatened him from above , sounding like the roar of a freight train , he merely clapped his hands , then waved to send a backdraft slamming into the dark entity .
suddenly the churning black entity gathered itself and streamed across the night sky , racing away from the hunter over the french quarter and toward the swamp .
in the short time they had been together , he was already thinking of them as one , a partnership , life - mates rather than two separate entities .
` ` make no mistake , the warrior and the woman are not two separate entities .
she felt the danger like a living , breathing entity .
he became energy , a healing entity , moving through her bloodstream to find and repair all damage from the inside out .
rage was a living , breathing entity in the room with them .
each face is slightly different and represents a separate entity .
each entity , with its own distinct drive and history , each with its own family of origin . ''
logic and training as one of dragos 's soldiers demanded he carry out his missions as a single entity : efficient , impersonal , and utterly independent .
not good , that the order was harboring an individual wanted by several local police entities and the goddamned feds as well .
they were rumored to have been captured by the henchmen of an unknown entity , and none of them could be found .
i made a gesture indicating the two of us as a single entity .
certainly i 'd been in deadly situations since then , and no invisible entity had popped along to offer assistance .
summoning internal power or a physical entity ? ''
` ` internal power has acorns and oak leaves in the midpoints , and summoning an entity uses a celtic chain binding the points . ''
her warm exhalations caressed his chest , their intoxicating sweetness a tangible entity that prodded his memory , like a gentle reminder of the family he could n't quite banish from his mind .
a storm so intense it was like a supernatural entity .
once again his mind and body acted as separate entities .
they were not two separate entities .
it was part of his most essential being , to hold the pack together as a single cohesive entity .
at times , the ache had been so fierce , it had almost been a living entity .
but there was definitely another entity in the room .
it is her very essence as an entity .
each of us harbored what i 'd come to understand was a highly evolved dark master , an entity banned from this world , but returning through a loophole , so to speak .
these dark entities gave us our lives - our eternal lives , that is - and existed within us side by side , or , if not side by side , somewhere deep within us .
i do n't know much about these entities .
that i 'd seen some dark entity strangle a man ?
no , this was n't a body - jumping dark entity .
` ` i think , '' i said , watching the sprinting figure , ` ` that the entity is body - hopping . ''
and this entity is n't just any entity , is it ? ''
and this entity is n't just any entity , is it ? ''
i was , after all , trapped on an island in the middle of a nasty storm - blustery , my ass - with what appeared to be one equally nasty dark entity .
an entity that just might have lured me up here .
just peaceful , loving entities that tend to mother earth . ''
on many of them i sensed entities , or beings , watching me , observing me while i came and went .
you are asking if there is an entity that delights in causing mischief , who tortures souls for all eternity , who causes the good to falter , and the bad to be worse ?
no such entity exists .
i snickered and reminded her that the entity , as far as we knew , could only jump from one body at a time .
the entity was here , but had n't quite taken over tara fully .
i knew the source of her pain : the entity had taken so much from her and her family .
` ` tara , would you like for me to remove this entity from your lives ? ''
the entity , i knew , had just taken her over .
it was all she could do against the will of the entity who , i knew , presently possessed her .
` ` we need to know why this entity brought me up here , '' i said when i 'd hung up with sherbet .
the same entity , the same warrior of the light , lost his treasure over a hundred years ago , a treasure that has never been found - ` ` ` ` because it sank off the coast .
maybe they should be looking here , on this island - where , i might add , this entity friend of ours is compelling tara and edwin to dig endlessly . ''
besides , what else would the entity have edwin and tara looking for ?
` ` the entity - and now me - thinks that you can help it find it . ''
but what did the entity intend to do with my son ?
as we continued on , i wondered again how the medallions could be of use to the entity .
that a demented entity was bent on releasing his trapped sister within me , was , of course , the hardest to believe of all .
i had no idea what the entity within could do , what sort of powers it possessed .
or , rather , said the entity within her .
she was fighting the entity , i was sure of it , and one thing i was also sure of : she did n't want me to give it the medallion .
i suspected i knew her reasoning : for now , the entity needed her alive .
the entity only grinned broader , which seemed impossible to do , but it somehow managed to pull the corners of her lips even higher up .
the entity turned allison 's face toward me and chuckled lightly .
the entity continued regarding me through allison 's eyes .
i knew instantly of whom he spoke : the female entity within me .
even as i shuddered , a memory materialized within me , summoned , i suspected , by the dark entity who shared my body .
the entity within her tilted her head slightly .
somehow , the entity had possessed them all , simultaneously - and it was a heinous , horrible thing to see .
i suspected this was because the entity 's own great strength was spread among many , rather than focused on one .
the entity had threatened to kill her .
the entity could kill her .
he believed that the entity was primarily focused through conner thurman .
all thanks to the dark entity within me .
so why would n't conner thurman , who originally summoned the entity nearly a century ago , also benefit from the dark presence within him ?
was i talking to conner thurman or the entity within ?
conner was a tall man who appeared to be in his mid - forties - likely the age when he had first been possessed by the entity within .
also , i was certain that conner thurman - the real conner thurman - had been overtaken completely by the entity within .
similar to the way the entity within me watched from within my body .
to possess me fully , similar to the way the entity now fully possessed conner thurman .
undoubtedly , they were being controlled by the entity before me .
i had seen the joy on the entity 's face - or conner thurman 's face - as it delivered blow after blow , breaking me and my body .
how much of their lives had been controlled by the entity ?
the entity might be gone , but his sister was not .
noticeably absent - and perhaps most telling of all that the entity was indeed gone - was that his aura , along with tara 's and all the other thurmans , was completely free of the black cord .
the entity within him did . ''
she and her friends could n't have outsiders around while they talked about what supernatural entity had it in for them now .
the sorceri were unknown entities who could slide either way on the evil scale .
not just vampires , either , but evil entities of all kinds - demons , werewolves , poltergeists , ghosts , warlocks , genies , satyrs , loki , shedus , vetelas , titans , leprechauns- '' ` ` leprechauns ? ''
it 's a dummy corporation , a front with about ten layers of bullshit entities behind it . ''
i have come ' round to the royal society 's way of thinking , that the soul must formulate a quantifiable entity .
the dam had turned into a huge entity feeding off its own violence .
spirit was still an unknown entity , with abilities that continually surprised us .
` ` what if bonnie 's entity is the other power ? ''
` ` i do n't have many friends , '' she admitted instead , the truth a tangible entity that refused to be denied , ` ` and i do n't get along with my family . ''
by and large you can not help the entities who try to communicate with you , and sometimes you are merely gazing at a lifeless ghost - that is , a visual echo of a personality no longer present .
to clarify spirits , ghosts , i vampires , werewolves , witches , entities that defy description all these may exist and the talamasca may spend another millennium studying them , but what difference will this make to the destiny of the human race ?
but complex and fanciful religions have been founded upon such simple and deceptive experiences , giving mythical names to vague entities , and creating an enormous vehicle for compounded superstitious belief .
jesse was unsure of herself when she addressed these ` ` restless entities , '' or addlebrained spirits as mael had once rather accurately described them .
she who had addressed so many nameless entities , who had stood bravely in darkened rooms talking to weak flickering things when others fled in panic .
understand of course that others may use a different name for these entities .
` ` whatever their material makeup is , they have no apparent biological needs , these entities .
but we knew these entities to be untrustworthy and uncontrollable and we had never been tempted to use them and thought that we never would .
` ` i explained that there have always been these invisible entities ; that they themselves had told us there were no gods or goddesses of which they knew .
but as it rose , the spirit amel seized it , this thing being invisible as your soul was invisible ; and in the normal course of things you might have easily overcome this earthbound entity and gone on to realms we do not know . ` `
for example , there are those members in this motherhouse - and in other motherhouses , in amsterdam or rome or the depths of the louisiana swamp - who have laid eyes upon vampires and werewolves , who have felt the potentially lethal physical telekinetic powers of mortals who can set fires or cause death , who have spoken to ghosts and received answers from them , who have battled invisible entities and won - or lost .
i 'd seen the work of these invisible entities .
sadly , both entities had one thing in common : they both hated him .
the entity slithered through the rainy streets .
` ` vimes , archchancellor ridcully tells me he believes it may be a quasi - demonic entity that is untold millions of years old ! ''
the entity known as the summoning dark sped through streets of eternal night , past misty buildings of memory that wavered at its passage .
the entity cowered in its alley , where the mist was rising .
and above it all , higher than the rooftops , a lamb rocking back and forth in great slow motions , thundering over the cobbles ... and then bars had come down , slamming down , and the entity had been thrown back .
the entity stirred , like an old fish in a deep pool .
and so he should , '' said the entity , with satisfaction .
the summoning dark symbol commands an entity as old as the universe .
` ` sephora , '' i said , recalling the entity i had communicated with last year through automatic writing .
the entity soon stood before me , in the center of fang 's living room , rising and falling gently on ethereal tides that i neither felt nor saw .
yesss , the entity hissed , and i saw that its head tilted slightly to one side .
i knew that most supernatural entities did not have access to my thoughts , unless said entity was old enough or powerful enough , as was the case with captain jack last year .
i knew that most supernatural entities did not have access to my thoughts , unless said entity was old enough or powerful enough , as was the case with captain jack last year .
and now , of course , this entity .
the entity paused only briefly before words appeared in my thoughts .
i suspected , on some level , that his body had expired ... that it was now being fueled supernaturally by the dark entity that had entered him .
the entity within will simply withdraw , sacrificing its existence for the betterment of our kind . ''
` ` and when the entity withdraws ? ''
that such an entity was in me , watching over me , living through me , was almost enough to drive me insane .
it was the stone , recognizing her as another ancient entity .
i had no sooner spoken these words than i realized that two more entities had taken form directly beside me , one on either side , and when i looked from left to right i saw them , only they were pale and remote from me , and they had n't the flame of filippo 's guardians , only a quiet and quasi - visible and undeniable presence and will .
someone else is shielding them - probably whatever entity created them .
a strange mixture of blue and white , the color seemed to be a living entity all its own .
a master wizard , witch , upper - level demon , or any number of other entities can use it to control or destroy you .
there are things you could do for good , such as help them with motivation or retrieve something else they ' ve lost , but few entities do that .
there were all manner of entities headed their way .
and he knew just the entity to finish nick off .
at first the code was like some living entity .
` ` unlike most of us nonhuman entities , the malachai can sense whenever someone tampers with time .
was the entity just messing with his head ?
` ` entities , please , '' nick said , getting their attention .
` ` she said that the information age was creating a crisis of unbelievable dimensions for any race or group or entity that had depended on secrecy .
you could have been some sort of discarnate entity , a ghost , in other words , capable of possessing other susceptible bodies .
i tell you , there are no discarnate entities .
this thing , amel , is not a discarnate entity but something of immense size and intricate organization , something that has now so thoroughly mutated its host and those connected to her ... . '' and suddenly his language ascended again into a vocabulary as opaque to gregory as the syllables uttered by dolphins or birds .
and certainly he wanted nothing to do with any entity who said solemnly and telepathically , ` ` i am the voice .
16 fareed moment of decision fareed sat in the darkened study staring at the large glowing monitor before him , and at the great sprawling model he 'd made of pixels and light of the supposed body of this entity , the sacred core , this amel , this voice , which was rousing old ones to destroy vampires everywhere .
and this creature or being or entity or whatever it was , this thing was telling me the truth .
the voice is an entity with his own distinct story .
the voice is just beginning its journey as a conscious entity .
the voice can tell us things no other entity in this world can , and that includes perhaps other spirits who are among us- . ''
` ` entities that are n't really confiding in us !
this entity , this being , is at the root of what we are .
part of me could still be only sookie , and that part felt the growing resolution , the horrible resolve , as the entity in quiana played out his plan .
he was n't spending any extra time with mary ann , he was no closer to finding a way to get the souls out of his mind and into bodies of their own , and he was more confused than ever about shannon and the wolf , whether they were one and the same or separate entities entirely .
` ` but the monster does come out of us , a separate entity , and the longer that entity is out of our bodies , the more solid its own body becomes .
` ` but the monster does come out of us , a separate entity , and the longer that entity is out of our bodies , the more solid its own body becomes .
` ` you make it sound as though the second one is a separate entity . ''
the thought of a cold emotionless entity crouching inside ethan 's body not only terrified her but also made her incredibly sad .
she moved in closer and now i could feel her warmth , which was an odd thing to say about a discarnate entity .
this was different than the entity i was sure had momentarily possessed him .
the thing within her - a very dark entity that had gained access to this world through her - was doing its best to control her ... and to possess her completely .
such dark entities were the driving force behind vampires and werewolves .
hearing the entity speak my name was unsettling at best , but i refused to show it .
i knew that , in general , dark entities could not gain access to us without either an invitation ... or if our psychic guard was down .
it was personal because i just happened to be a blood relative of a cursed family ... and i got to experience first - hand just what it felt like to have another entity control my body .
i had done nothing to invite the entity in .
when i was finished telling him about it , he said , ` ` you have seen this entity , you say ? ''
` ` only psychic witches who have seen a very rare , and very old , entity . ''
there was , however , still a chance that we could remove the entity responsible for all of this .
the entity truly seemed everywhere and anywhere .
what she would do with the entity , i did n't know , but she had promised it would be gone , forever .
demons and other , darker entities must , in the end , obey the light . ''
` ` did you say darker entities ?
yes , there were some negative energies and entities out there , and lately , i was feeling them more and more .
hell , i 'd been possessed by such an entity .
the man - the spirit , the entity , the ghost - sitting next to me was not someone or something to fear .
i wondered with some fear if the massive entity could see me in return .
i went back to staring at the entity that had haunted me most of my adult life , that had stolen so much from me .
the entity that had destroyed my marriage and made my existence a living nightmare .
the entity that even now kept me earthbound , unable to move on .
the author claimed the entity was a psychic vampire .
and before my very eyes , i watched as the entity continued shrieking even as he shriveled into something small and ugly , until it finally disappeared altogether .
darker entities .
-j.r . vampire dawn at the base of the stairway , an amorphous entity materialized before me .
a steady procession of faded entities appeared and disappeared .
` ` you are a separate entity that lives within kingsley ? ''
so you say this entity claimed to be living inside your friend ?
these beings , these powerful entities , are forbidden to incarnate on earth .
i sensed these could be other entities .
the entity tilted his head slightly to one side , and as he did so , a brief image flashed into my thoughts .
* * * with that , the entity that i now thought of as mr . wharton drifted away .
and when the last of the particles morphed into the shape of a fedora sitting slightly askew on its head , the entity before me nodded .
i had been advised by a very powerful entity that my son was meant to die .
in the past , two different entities had come through in this form of communication , what many call ` ` automatic writing . ''
months ago , i had learned the art of automatic writing , in which one channels another entity to receive messages from angels , or the spirit world , or from jim morrison .
you are the result of entities long ago attempting a shortcut , entities who lived in fear .
you are the result of entities long ago attempting a shortcut , entities who lived in fear .
i decided not to tell sherbet about the entity standing next to him .
` ` do you have a highly evolved demonic entity living within you , waiting and plotting to take over your life ? ''
the whisperings , i suspected , were from these entities seeking entry into our world ... and , i suspected , seeking willing hosts .
not to mention , just a few months ago , i had conversed and fought with perhaps the most powerful entity of all .
the entity that lived within me .
no , i was n't talking about her , the entity buried within me .
the entity within me was silent , as she usually was .
she had made an agreement with the entity early on .
spirits themselves seemed to be composed of this very energy , as i had watched countless such entities form and reform , disappear and reappear , all using this sort of universal energy .
she was a powerful entity .
i stood , pacing , fighting her presence , recalling how the entity within hanner had possessed her completely .
indeed , the entity within me perked up at this line of thinking .
of course , the entity inside me wanted nothing to do with normal .
the entity inside me could go to hell .
the entity within me was enjoying this conversation very much .
other than my daughter , max was the only other entity alive who seemed capable of reading my thoughts .
` ` not the entire entity . ''
the entity that 's within dracula is and forever will be , in love with my mother . ''
as we sat there , and as i considered what to say to him , if anything , three entities materialized in the booth behind him .
small entities , although they were too fuzzy to make out any real details .
the three staticy , small entities trailed after him .
` ` meaning , it 's particular to the entity within you . ''
the entity within me craves the dead . ''
the entity within me responded to her name , and came rushing to the surface of my thoughts , but i shut a mental lid on her before she got too far , or could take too much control .
that thought alone made me want to run to the diamond medallion , which would , according to max , remove the entity from within me .
except the entity within me wanted to attach herself to my bloodline .
that was , of course , until the entity had spoken through him .
at the sound of it , the entity within me - elizabeth - perked up noticeably .
such hidden rooms - magical rooms , as you explained to your son - would not be unfamiliar to cornelius , the entity within dracula . ''
a lost entity , one that has been lost for so long that it chooses to never , ever find itself .
but not all entities evolve .
but if you ask me , i secretly suspect such entities are fulfilling a role for god .
the entity within me - elizabeth - was still firmly caged in my mind .
clearly , the entity within me preferred human blood .
our bodies have been forever altered by the entities within .
it was then that i had been introduced to the entity within him ... and the realization that something was , in fact , in me as well .
the entity within me perked up at the smell , but i had been doing a pretty damned good job of keep her locked up , so i wrapped a few more mental iron bars around the cage i imagined her in .
my new goal these days was to not give the entity within me any hope .
after all , this was when the entity within made a full appearance and , while doing so , apparently delighted in torturing kingsley along the way .
the same silver that removed the entity from me would remove it from him , too .
my own entity , of course , would prefer me to kill and maim and torture and to control .
it did take some fortitude to take on these entities , to fight against them ... and to not give in .
i did n't know just how far kingsley had let the entity out .
` ` low - level entities tend to favor werewolves , sam . ''
` ` it means , not all are as highly evolved as the entities within us .
` ` and , of course , the entity within me more than fancies the entity within you .
` ` and , of course , the entity within me more than fancies the entity within you .
` ` the entity within me is deeply connected to the entity within you .
` ` the entity within me is deeply connected to the entity within you .
right now , all i knew was that the a - list crowd liked to write derogatory things on people 's lockers , that they had it out for my one and only friend at this high school , and that i was an unknown entity who had just flung herself onto their radar .
given that the best defense was a good offense , i figured that i could at least be an unknown entity with good hair .
it was something fletcher had taught me - how to leave myself , gin blanco , completely behind and morph into the cold , hard entity known as the spider , whose only desire was getting to her target and whose aim was always deadly and true .
` ` an incorporeal entity representing the essence of a recently departed , a disembodied ' soul , ' if you will .
individuals in their own lives , here the spectators melded into a single entity , a loud , furious , excitable beast with a thousand throats .
its members committed themselves to the values of the order completely , serving with such dedication that the organization itself no longer seemed a gathering of inpiduals , but an entity in itself , thinking , rationalizing , and incredibly powerful .
the innkeepers were neutral entities and we operated covertly and independently of each other , separated by distance .
` ` not only that , but an inn is a living entity .
i ' m also reasonably certain that the panacea is manufactured by a single entity or organization and then distributed throughout europe . ''
it takes a great deal of power to make a disease into an entity . ''
three weeks of being tormented by an invisible entity had evidently disabused her of the idea that the paranormal did n't exist .
they are run by a council , not an entity .
kaitlyn felt weightless , disoriented , almost as if her mind and body had split into two separate entities .
a series of thoughts raced through his head , that his power possessed third earth qualities , just as he had thought , that a third entity held duncan captive , and that somehow vela connected him to the upper dimension .
yes , she 'd lost her husband to that bastard , greaves , but the war was n't over and now it looked like an entity on third had gotten involved as well .
` ` and since second earth contains generally less powerful entities , except endelle of course and thorne , who is showing immense promise , well , it looks like sharav , no doubt with chustaffus 's blessing , has found a way through . ''
he paused for a moment to acknowledge the appreciation that flowed toward him , for his service as a militia warrior and probably more for having endured a decade of imprisonment and torture by a third entity .
and then , slowly , they became separate entities again .
but she believes a bargain might be struck with some holy or divine entity .
it was best that he , an unknown entity , not be free to walk out when they were fighting a battle for the safety of their stronghold .
victoria knew very little about the consilium , other than that it was the formal entity that oversaw the venators .
he had no second - in - command at his primary investment entity , the stoneheart group .
` ` you make it sound as if it 's a separate entity , '' i said .
` ` every vampire that is successfully turned is registered with the council by their sire , and their sire teaches them for a period of five years before they are considered a separate entity , able to go out and thrive on their own . ''
i ' m a bigger hol ywood entity than she is , so i do n't need to worry about her vetoing my ability to obtain roles .
no legal entity or governmental agency is going to take the fact that he 's the spitting image of you at his age as evidence of paternity - as well they should n't . '
` ` as long as you promise not to ask me on a date , mention us as if we were an entity , and no comments about sweaters , '' i insisted .
everyone in town called them the sisters , like they were a single entity , which in a way they were .
true peace comes from accepting what you are - a self - sufficient entity , a deserving individual who is much more than just half of a whole .
there is want and there is need ... to her , those two things had been very differently entities , but right now , they were one and the same .
essentially , your corporation is a separate legal entity in which you would own all the shares .
more than ever , she was the hollow girl , the emptiness seeming like an entity , malicious , taunting her with all the things she would never know .
a body accretes to its soul like nacre to a grain of sand , forming a perfect , unified entity that only death can unwork .
each scrape , each contusion was its own entity , like stars in a constellation .
i could n't do much else as the crowd parted before us at aimee 's insistence , filling in behind me as we moved through , as if flesh were water , the crowd all one entity .
i rolled with him , letting him curl himself around me from behind so we were spooning together in the middle of his bed , not kissing , not doing anything but laying there , breathing together as if we were one entity .
it 's living and needs contact with its entity .
and then she closed her eyes as the shadows swam up her legs , torso , chest , mouth ... covering her in its shrill black ink until she was drowned in the entities grasp .
it was like the darkness itself was a physical entity , and just as that thought formed in my head , i saw the shadows on the walls begin to ripple and sway , as if a candle were flickering nearby .
in new york , the five families maintain separate entities within the city while still belonging to a bigger organization as a whole .
two separate entities that happened to be sharing the same dinner table for one night .
a droning filled my ears as the swarm approached , glowing bright with iron glamour , melded into a single massive entity .
that they 're separate entities entirely .
the tattoo is of an alien holding a bouquet of tulips in one hand as though offering them to some unseen entity .
her weight shifts and she pauses before speaking , as though drawing strength from some unseen entity .
annoyed sandor was a familiar entity .
fury became a living , breathing entity inside me , coloring everything in a reddish - white light .
the symbols were their own entities again .
the chaining of a shadowblaze , fourth entity removed , is an often undeterminable process , and the bindagent should consider wisely the situation before making any decisions regarding the vessels to be indentured .
he loves the rush of power ; he thinks of himself as an invincible entity .
therefore if an entity or object : a ) takes something of value from you , b ) claims to know things it ca n't possibly know , and c ) draws followers like rotting meat in the living world draws flies ; then lift your slowly sinking feet out of the earth , and run as fast , and as far , as you can , for the thing in question will never do you any good .
it isolated arrana ; it made it a lone entity , and broke it from haydyn 's phaedra .
some higher entity was probably protecting us from our own stupidity for a while .
i could ` ` feel '' distinct entities making their way towards us , trying to be discreet .
your magic is in fact , not your own , but a shared entity .
if avalon shares your entire magical entity , then he would also claim all the stolen magic as well .
and so far , we had been even more unsuccessful at bringing our two stolen entities together .
they are then , every moment forward , one entity , wholly bound for eternity .
my magic was completely out of my control by now , the unfeeling , emotionless entity searching out kiran 's waning electricity in sweet reunion as if it was waiting for this moment since we parted ways .
but we moved as one entity , with the same goal , the same dream and because of that , we could sit together in happy union for tonight , not knowing what the morning would bring .
their magic moved as one entity , their bodies in perfect harmony ; they were the definition of soul mates .
i often thought of my magic as a separate entity than me .
chapter twenty - nine rocks and ground exploded around me as the two sides of this battle converged into one destructive entity .
our magics had been entwined together all night and all morning , but with the promise of forever firmly made they were free to meld completely together until they were almost one entity .
his eyes were so golden , so deep with emotion that they appeared like separate living entities that just happened to be attached to him .
part ii recovered correspondence to all survivors of the sun flares the flares information recovery endeavor , henceforth known as fire , hereby calls upon municipal units , police agencies , social services and any surviving governmental entities for help .
peace of mind and patrick hayward were mutually exclusive entities .
where they mutually inclusive or exclusive entities ?
if there was a higher entity out there , i had to thank him or her for am .
hanging there - strategically placed by some unknown entity while he was out - is the full dress uniform of a us marine , shiny buttons and all .
` ` when you jump in sync , '' gretchen says after jumpin ' jack teaches us a few tricks , ` ` your bodies and souls become one entity .
but your power has organized itself into some kind of entity . ''
` ` your connection to the entity is undeniable , '' gerta said .
this entity spent a great deal of time with me .
the shadowy entity stopped turning and faced jason .
` ` he harnessed dark entities to do his bidding .
the shadowy entity made no sound .
after putting a few yards between himself and the dark entity , jason paused .
he wanted to strike the calm figure , if for no other reason than to earn a reaction , but he had a suspicion that if he attacked , the shadowy entity would knot him into a pretzel .
maybe somebody could confirm whether the entity was a lurker .
but i have heard no rumor of orantium here , or of the powerful entity you mentioned . ''
as if it was a simple thing for him to communicate with this entity that could only make itself known to adam through grand and violent gestures .
sometimes maura , persephone , and calla seemed more like three parts of the same entity instead of three separate women .
you 're the same entity . ''
three people but one entity .
despite adam 's tentative interest in her , the boys seemed to act as a unit , a single , multiheaded entity .
as a single entity dispatching one enemy at a time and then moving on to the next .
nuala , who actually read my mind , would ' ve been able to word it better , but he was still pretty close for a non - supernatural entity .
the tune i 'd played on the piano became a tidy entity in my head , a little box that i could mentally turn this way and that to see how it was made and what made it beautiful and where i could eliminate notes and add others to make it suit the pipes .
their steps were tightly wound and practiced , and they moved as one entity , spinning around each other and clapping each other 's hands at the end of each twirl .
when the entity responded , its face started out as a teenage girl with long hair but had morphed into an old man by the time the short phrase was finished .
chapter 27 soulikens the entity paused after revealing its name , as if it wanted tick to respond .
tick did n't say anything , but he scrunched up his face in confusion , hoping the entity would change its mind .
he did n't remember looking away from the haunce , but he returned his gaze to the glowing entity at its words .
instead , every moment of every millennia had passed waking and dreamless in the company of two entities : his hunger and his vengeance .
each noble in his turn rules legions of lesser entities , some more , some less , according to his rank within the infernal hierarchy .
like a malevolent entity , the snow raged over the top of him again , threatening him , punishing him for his presence on the mountain .
each entity considers the other to be crazy , or foolish , to this day .
we brought a device that can scan and record the complete genetic information of any living entity without inflicting any damage to the specimen .
we 're spiritual beings , but i believe as you say it originates from nature not some mysterious cosmic entity .
sooner or later some evil entity comes along and by hook or crook acquires enough shares to gain control and dictate the direction of the company ; they are more than likely interested only with how much wealth can be extracted than with the long - term welfare of the company and its workforce .
any entity , which is allowed to do so , will stifle all competition and innovation which is counter productive in a capitalist system .
if taken on to its logical conclusion can only lead one to the assumption , that the human species taken as a single entity is nature herself personified .
its a holy language , that some jews ( not me ) hinder their families to use it , saying that we are all dumped on this dirty earth with myriads of sinful people ( except us ) and having other absurd beliefs but i say the opposite : we must use hebrew , because the torah is a living entity .
they answered : the one , that is unseen , virtual , abstract but despite that he is a warrior and just and appears in time , and intervenes in history though he is eternal he could not be described , as he has no material entity , nor an energy .
because of his non attainable characteristics , do nt wonder that very wise people from foreign nations fell in love with such an abstract and obscure entity .
the nsf , though made up of scientists , was a government entity , which in this scenario , served primarily as the host .
he had taught tommy that the human body was in fact , two separate but coexisting entities .
at the same time , our country is being surpassed , not by one , but by no less than three economic entities that are soon going to have a greater gross domestic product than ours .
its a case of different entities providing assistance , sustenance , and purpose to one another .
basically , physics and these so- called laws of time add up to to one universal fact : time travel is impossible , because anything done in the past , from an entity that does not belong in the past , has the potential to change the past , which is impossible .
the quivering flame had a solid core ; the flame was but a green garment that masked some animate and evil entity ; but the cimmerian was unable to make out its shape or likeness .
most of the political and military entities and processes mentioned are based on real - life counterparts .
see the ships mr john they shake out the bin chi ready for big fight sure enough the sails shimmer and shiver like living things and i get the point he s making ; like living entities , the ships are clearing out the bin chi the bad vibes .
sananda was a gentle giant , he loved the thought that he was a human , possibly the highest physical expression of universal energy within a separate entity , but he strived to unlock higher expression from within himself .
no expectation arose from their silent pact , a point of separation existed between them which allowed them to be around each others energy , not joined , not one , but two separate entities creating a third without sacrifice , a truth , a rule of two , their coming together created the birth of an entity .
no expectation arose from their silent pact , a point of separation existed between them which allowed them to be around each others energy , not joined , not one , but two separate entities creating a third without sacrifice , a truth , a rule of two , their coming together created the birth of an entity .
as far as i can work out they are at some kind of place between being a 3d physical entity , having been separated from their body but not yet returned to the natural energy sources they came from .
aggravated by his successful retreat , the princess drops to a knee , the mental stress of summoning successive light arrows proving too much for her to bear as the entity of divine power is reabsorbed into her hand .
from the corner of her eye , less spots the discarded entity of dark power .
a thousand piercing bolts of judgment riddle his body , forcing him to submit to an entity greater than himself .
seizing the sage of spirit by the throat , he clamps his hand shut like a vise causing the entity to burst and dissolve simultaneously .
he continues to stare at her ageless face , the essence of purity and kindness , destroyed in an instant by an entity of boundless hatred .
the hero of time has finally met his demise , though he never imagined it would be at the hands of such an entity .
the entity you face is no creation of ours .
just as an entity of perfect balance does not exist to claim the triforce , the goddesses each possess a fragment of the grander meaning of their existence .
farore , an entity of infinite courage and optimism , can not understand the necessity of evil .
if your father did nt think the star walkers were gods , then he must have believed they were biological entities from another world .
this small amount will then be transformed into an entity with self like qualities .
with continued gieging training this new entity can enter the physical domain .
the entity can form individual thought patterns and develop its own energy signature .
the entity can separate from the collective spiritual domain .
the entity will possess the skills to retrieve precious cargo and quickly return to the spiritual domain .
the entity and cargo will then be absorbed back into the collective universe .
subra was now an energized entity in the wrong domain .
the space contained a gaseous cloud like entity .
i stared at the devices that were no longer dormant ; they had become living , breathing entities .
in the old testament of the bible that dantes was raised upon , god was a vengeful and angry entity .
as he listened , still , without the crunch of gravel below his feet , came sounds of several entities moving about him off the road .
practical , the gods are pale entities by time ; the humans have the free will to believe in what they want .
m - o - u - s - e. multi - option universal service entity .
and because an entity ca nt perceivably co - exist in two states , the user appears to disappear from where they started .
the jhp rounds are good for stalling those giant wolves and tougher supernatural entities that you might encounter , archer finishes with a wink .
to home , and to the dreams long abandoned on the winding road drawn out by his capricious companion ; the entity both loved and cursed as fate .
jodi assessed the horse racing industry in australia to be an intimidating entity controlled by a few people in direct power , she made a note in her diary ; they appear to operate with the integrity and approach of a car salesman .
so much festering maliciousness , it was so ancient and right now it was mingling - weaving itself together until it was assimilating the helpless entity it reshaped .
they see any entity which tells them how to disperse their money as an affront to their own god - given rights .
i believe there s a starting point to everything so i naturally believe in a being , entity or divine spirit responsible for the original beginning but i find it difficult to overcome my doubts as to the irrefutable knowledge some espouse as to what the entity looks like and demands of us .
i believe there s a starting point to everything so i naturally believe in a being , entity or divine spirit responsible for the original beginning but i find it difficult to overcome my doubts as to the irrefutable knowledge some espouse as to what the entity looks like and demands of us .
everyone at stryker security and his other entities had to range qualify every month .
the unknown entity ventured .
the intruding entity was indeed correct ; the solution was straightforward to a peculiar degree .
i wondered whether she was sentient ; if she knew i was here , whether her golden eyes could see me , or if the entity could read feelings .
i screamed in terror as the entity cackled and laughed insanely close behind .
yes , fira was the entity who fished young timmy bridewells corpse living out the river .
increasingly i became aware ian was engaged in deep conversation with at least three other entities .
his blood , the remarkable trait he possessed gave off differing readings because each of the cells in his serum acted as a unique entity to itself .
johnny had chosen her as his mated which might sound icky except the idea of mated was not defined solely as reproductive entities .
scent was the entity .
if johnny were to stand still and not move , all things being equal , if a creature was unaware he was there and suddenly came across him their other senses , sight and sound , would be overridden by scent and he would appear as a plant , pig , or any other insignificant entity johnny and his ancestors had ever ingested .
chapter 20 the plan was intricate and would ve taken any other entity years to implement .
he is a member of the letorque family which appears to be some kind of extremely powerful entity running all sorts of businesses .
if the court ruled the united states to be an illegitimate entity then what was it willing to do about it ?
f. the property is subject to an easement of two ( 2 ) meters within the lot and adjacent to the rear and sides thereof not fronting a street for the purpose of drainage , sewage , water and other public facilities as may be necessary and desirable ; and the owner , lessee or his representative shall permit access thereto by authorized representatives of the bel - air association or public utility entities for the purposes for which the easement is created .
while time has not permitted an examination of all of said citations , many of them have been examined , and it can be confidently asserted that said cases which are cited in support of the assertion that , ` ` the necessity and expediency of exercising the right of eminent domain are questions essentially political and not judicial , '' show clearly and invariably that in each case the legislature itself usually , by a special law , designated the particular case in which the right of eminent domain might be exercised by the particular municipal corporation or entity within the state .
the power of the legislature to confer , upon municipal corporations and other entities within the state , general authority to exercise the right of eminent domain can not be questioned by the courts , but that general authority of municipalities or entities must not be confused with the right to exercise it in particular instances .
the power of the legislature to confer , upon municipal corporations and other entities within the state , general authority to exercise the right of eminent domain can not be questioned by the courts , but that general authority of municipalities or entities must not be confused with the right to exercise it in particular instances .
the moment the municipal corporation or entity attempts to exercise the authority conferred , it must comply with the conditions accompanying the authority .
but whether or not the municipal corporation or entity is exercising the right in a particular case under the conditions imposed by the general authority , is a question which the courts have the right to inquire into .
on the other hand , if the road would be constructed with the deviation proposed by ildefonso tambunting , one of the defendants , who even offered to donate gratuitously to the city of manila part of the land upon which said road will have to be constructed , the plaintiff entity would be able to save more than hundreds of thousand of pesos , which can be invested in other improvements of greater pressure and necessity for the benefit of the taxpayers ; and it will not have to employ more time and incur greater expenditures in the removal and transfer of the remains buried in the land of the chinese community and of sr . tambunting , although with the insignificant disadvantage that the road would be little longer by a still more insignificant extension of 426 meters and 55 centimeters less than one - half kilometer , according to the plan included in the records ; but it would offer a better panorama to those who would use it , and who would not have to traverse in their necessary or pleasure - making trips or walks any cemetery which , on account of its nature , always deserves the respect of the travellers .
to attain its objectives , the board may require the assistance of any appropriate government agency or entity .
the provisions of any general or special law to the contrary notwithstanding , all tax and duty incentives granted to government and private entities are hereby withdrawn , except .
93 states : whereas , a number of affected entities , government and private were able to get back their tax and duty exemption privileges through the review mechanism implemented by the fiscal incentives review board ( firb ) ; 15 but by no means can we say that it has ` ` ratified '' the acts of firb .
fernando , j. : in this appeal , a lower court decision upholding the validity of an ordinance1 of the city of baguio imposing a license fee on any person , firm , entity or corporation doing business in the city of baguio is assailed by defendant - appellant fortunato de leon .
the main provisions of the act are : ( 1 ) a prohibition against persons , not citizens of the philippines , and against associations , partnerships , or corporations the capital of which are not wholly owned by citizens of the philippines , from engaging directly or indirectly in the retail trade ; ( 2 ) an exception from the above prohibition in favor of aliens actually engaged in said business on may 15 , 1954 , who are allowed to continue to engaged therein , unless their licenses are forfeited in accordance with the law , until their death or voluntary retirement in case of natural persons , and for ten years after the approval of the act or until the expiration of term in case of juridical persons ; ( 3 ) an exception therefrom in favor of citizens and juridical entities of the united states ; ( 4 ) a provision for the forfeiture of licenses ( to engage in the retail business ) for violation of the laws on nationalization , control weights and measures and labor and other laws relating to trade , commerce and industry ; ( 5 ) a prohibition against the establishment or opening by aliens actually engaged in the retail business of additional stores or branches of retail business , ( 6 ) a provision requiring aliens actually engaged in the retail business to present for registration with the proper authorities a verified statement concerning their businesses , giving , among other matters , the nature of the business , their assets and liabilities and their offices and principal offices of judicial entities ; and ( 7 ) a provision allowing the heirs of aliens now engaged in the retail business who die , to continue such business for a period of six months for purposes of liquidation .
the main provisions of the act are : ( 1 ) a prohibition against persons , not citizens of the philippines , and against associations , partnerships , or corporations the capital of which are not wholly owned by citizens of the philippines , from engaging directly or indirectly in the retail trade ; ( 2 ) an exception from the above prohibition in favor of aliens actually engaged in said business on may 15 , 1954 , who are allowed to continue to engaged therein , unless their licenses are forfeited in accordance with the law , until their death or voluntary retirement in case of natural persons , and for ten years after the approval of the act or until the expiration of term in case of juridical persons ; ( 3 ) an exception therefrom in favor of citizens and juridical entities of the united states ; ( 4 ) a provision for the forfeiture of licenses ( to engage in the retail business ) for violation of the laws on nationalization , control weights and measures and labor and other laws relating to trade , commerce and industry ; ( 5 ) a prohibition against the establishment or opening by aliens actually engaged in the retail business of additional stores or branches of retail business , ( 6 ) a provision requiring aliens actually engaged in the retail business to present for registration with the proper authorities a verified statement concerning their businesses , giving , among other matters , the nature of the business , their assets and liabilities and their offices and principal offices of judicial entities ; and ( 7 ) a provision allowing the heirs of aliens now engaged in the retail business who die , to continue such business for a period of six months for purposes of liquidation .
petitioner attacks the constitutionality of the act , contending that : ( 1 ) it denies to alien residents the equal protection of the laws and deprives of their liberty and property without due process of law ; ( 2 ) the subject of the act is not expressed or comprehended in the title thereof ; ( 3 ) the act violates international and treaty obligations of the republic of the philippines ; ( 4 ) the provisions of the act against the transmission by aliens of their retail business thru hereditary succession , and those requiring 100 % filipino capitalization for a corporation or entity to entitle it to engage in the retail business , violate the spirit of sections 1 and 5 , article xiii and section 8 of article xiv of the constitution .
thus , in the case of teves vs. commission on election 7 this court , in holding that the registered voters of the city of dumaguete can not vote for the provincial officials of negros oriental because the charter of the city does not expressly allow the voters in the city to do so , ruled : the creation of dumaguete city has made it a political entity separate from and independent of the province of negros oriental .
she is nt some faceless entity with no feelings .
there were , of course , far more powerful things in the deepest reaches of the world and , though she bore such entities a great deal of respect , hephethael harbored no fear of them .
she paid the entity little attention as her thoughts drifted back to the events of the past few days .
elemental - entity composed of one of the four primary elements : earth , air , fire , or water .
human scholars are as yet uncertain whether such entities are truly sentient beings and few humans have any contact with the creatures at all .
you went as far as to say that many people in your area of the living world do nt really believe in entities such as she .
and though outer entities would never ease their persuasions , it was up to the person walking to find the strength within his or her self to stay on the side that he or she chooses .
i looked down , and it was as if each of my hands was an entity unto itself i watched them with wonder .
` ` we ' ve explained how dallas comprises a separate political entity located within texas ' borders10 and that it 's just some backward , dirt - water town that leeches off of fort worth .
i brushed the hair away from my face and apprehensively beheld this strange boy - man , this entity who seemed to have me in his grip as securely as great thunderwalker held him that day .
which kind of made sense , given that is was a spiritual entity ; more spirit than solid .
you were always the daring one - besides you thought that the wizard was a simple book and not the work of some ' wizard ' or devil 's disciple or for that matter some such entity , assured tessie .
he had to be a messenger sent from some unknown entity .
even the pages within seemed to open themselves and burn in sections rather than as a complete entity .
when she resisted , her response seemed to provoke an odd sense of outrage , as though the trespassing entity resented her ability to detect it .
logan could put intense , seemingly irresolvable , differences aside from a friendship and see those two things as different entities or different lives .
the entire oasis was theirs to explore ; the valley , the beautiful meadow , rykell , the long and winding river and the surrounding forests and woodlands ; a vast and wondrous place , unlike any other , protected by so many watchful entities that most would never want to leave .
just the simple act of attributing , of attaching a living memory of your mind to a non - living entity gives it a strange , unspoken form of life , and an undeniable strength .
non- living entities also change , also lose to and gain from nature , and in so doing attain an unchanging identity .
our universe is an energy - packed entity that still continues to expand outwards , even after thirteen billion years .
and deeper yet in the anatomy of this art lies an unnamed entity of silence .
it is not made up of anything it is not , for example , a flock of imaginations that form a thought ; it is not a collection of thoughts that form a word ; it is not an entity that is made of something .
more and more i feel certain that this is the purpose of the soul - learning and unlearning - because each of us , in our experience of life on earth , are tiny mirrors that reflect this knowledge back to some mysterious entity that we all connect to so that it can piece together an understanding of all existence .
although every precaution has been taken in the preparation of this work , neither the author nor the publisher shall have any liability to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused directly or indirectly by the information contained in this book .
they appeared to be identical to the entity we observed earlier , iris noted .
there was never a sure way to know the intention of the entity we were communicating with .
he stared at the glowing entities , measuring them through his cross staff with an ever growing interest .
two figures rose up from amidst the structure , theleos had stood dumbfounded gazing at the tall entities who stepped out before the entirety of sais population .
then she saw a foreign shaped entity floating above the new snow .
there is little doubt that , whatever the entity that connects the dots in our lives is , it has been working feverishly lately to get these two to actually meet before its too late .
now he finds himself forced to choose between the two entities .
her mind , a cold and clear entity now , followed the venoms destructive path to the secret place that was the fount of her power .
he now questioned if the mission his boy had been delegated was in fact a set up or as evidence recently uncovered questioned this theory , it was also now apparent the mission his son was on would be far more damaging to certain entities than scrutiny of the original mission would reveal .
slowly , the large amorphous blob on the screen metamorphosed back into three entities .
so the two , soul and body , are considered separate entities .
according to buddha the self exists as a conventional entity , but in reality if you apply the ultimate truth principle there is no such thing called self or soul , dan said .
the buddha explained that the postulation of self this way was absolutely incorrect as none of those five entities either considered individually or in any combinations or all together , does nt constitute a self , said dan .
but , the legend of this lifeless apparition appearing right before ships mysteriously sink is much more compelling than the professors denial of it being an evil entity .
i uttered the phrase again and when i was convinced i was pronouncing it right , i took another look at the book my brother bought back in arizona and thus started our fascination with the forest dwelling entities .
and remember to keep the lovely boys or girls indoors after the sun sets to avoid being taken by the forest entities .
it was the primary reason i began researching about this kinds of supernatural entity .
he used his fund to finance his global trotting and last year , he announced , he was going around southeast asia to look for supernatural entities .
so you think supernatural entities took my brother to their world ?
the scary entity in front of me was stark naked but without any of the normal parts of a human beings body .
samuel blocked the charging entity with his jungle bolo and hit it squarely on the chest .
samuel was able to hurt the entity and it made it question samuels very being .
he was now an entity of luminescence and though a heart still beat somewhere inside him , his consciousness had taken flight and soared toward the heavens , exploring the untouched clarity of space .
the ancient entity smiled .
ethan could feel the fire swirling around him as if it were a living entity , but one who obeyed his every command .
everything that he did was to gain some kind of favor with whatever force was controlling his destiny , whether it be god , or some uncaring entity in the universe with a perverse sense of humor .
the storm itself was moving at a speed of 40 to 50 miles per hour toward the north - northeast and the dehavilland was clipping along at 120 mph moving toward the northwest so the two entities , one man - made the other a work of the creator , were quickly about to get snuggled up close and personal .
some red carpet has a regal quality to it like one giant entity all thinking and acting together the reluctant gold piece of crap bright green and a hundred feet tall , in the middle of the sea a big yellow spark flew out and landed on the bench like some tight shorts wearing gestapo all the acting lessons in the world would nt get you eyes like that if kyle were a ghost then al probably would be too unicorns an butterflies every weh i may have mistaken him for a chrysanthemum if we lived together we d both be dead in a year i told you not to give me them fish finger eyes !
like one giant entity all thinking and acting together april 2000 .
every time the music peaked they put their hands in the air , like one giant entity all thinking and acting together .
charlie stared out in fright at the giant audience of red - cloaked entities , which were staring down at him and the other victims .
we were sure we had gotten rid of the monster , but one rainy day the entity came in and sat in the hall between our room and sheilas , looking sick .
and then i remember watching him disappear deep into the woods with what appeared to be two dark entities similar to the soulites in the deepest waters of the lake of souls .
at the same time , some sort of ghostly entity began to rise up out of the spot where the cylinder - shaped object was moments ago ... a creepy dark figure with long dread - lock hair that flowed all around her with the wind .
he slammed an arm straight down on one of the entities .
a second later she jumped back to life , now an undead entity .
they looked up at the crazy scene as cars were being blown up , people were running , and there were multiple undead entities standing in the middle of all of it .
an undead entity leaped out , throwing him to the ground .
the entity then spoke .
the four turned to notice a group of undead entities being thrown through the window behind them where they had entered .
charlie raised his sword out in front of him and swung it at an undead entity , slicing it in half .
will then leaped back into the air and took out another entity , the one point of the v - shaped guitar pointed towards it .
a head suddenly shot out the window from the room below them , an undead entity !
inside what was a classroom , will fought with the undead entity .
the undead entity grabbed a hold of wills wrist as he tried to throw a punch at it .
the bullet hit one of the undead entities in its left shoulder blade .
alright , she replied nervously , taking the other handgun and aiming it at the undead entities , who were getting closer to the window .
he then jumped out the broken window and began running towards the last four undead entities .
there now was one undead entity left where they were standing ... . a chilling breath was felt on the back of sharons neck .
without warning an undead entity then grabbed a hold of starr from behind her and pulled her away from the well .
four or five of the undead entities were already too close to him .
a bunch of undead entities eagerly were waiting for rocky to drop back down .
owen was struggling on his knees with a black entity for the book .
a low hubbub broke out amongst the men on deck and nora stretched her neck to try and see this new entity .
governments and commercial entities withdraw to their own circles driven by fear as the awesome weapon adam resurfaces in the hands of greywolf , but had it ever slept ?
if we can get commercial entities with that much influence behind us we can start to move . ''
the idea of extra - dimensional entities outside of our scientifically - viewable scope , while not impossible , is not plausible , and therefore i do not submit to such conjectures .
its a living entity in gods forest .
i ca nt prove any of the entities exist except within my heart .
there are more entities than the bias office watching things in browning , will , he said gravely .
the bia is just the boots on the ground for larger entities .
in all this time have you ever known me to take action in which the merchants guild has not been my first priority , the entity which i hold the most sacred ?
you bas romoro growls , pouncing upon the dark entity .
the conjured entities continue to orbit his form like moons around a humanoid planet as he rises to his feet , his eyes ablaze with a ghostly white hue .
what began as nothing more than willing thoughts of simple objects into existence has drastically grown into unfathomable concepts of precisely how these ethereal entities relate and interact with the real world .
if you beam two things at the same time , then the guts , blood , and bone will fuse , together , creating a single entity , usually barely alive and then quietly dies .
only one entity can beam - in into a facee , unless the entity willingly takes the risk of a fusion , between two life forms .
only one entity can beam - in into a facee , unless the entity willingly takes the risk of a fusion , between two life forms .
how do you know that two entities ca nt beam - in at one time ?
its aged wood creaked , and a cold chill whipped throughout the building , causing the place to gently breathe like it was a great entity , rocking and swaying against the outside storm that ravaged its decrepit exterior .
the magur laughed as paul dashed around perplexed by these elusive entities .
because the trinon waves are not stable enough to separate two entities in close proximity , said marante , studying the holo , and vorkis is sure to detect its energy and possibly kill justin .
her belly , itself as massive as an adult male , was placid one moment , turbulent the next , as four separate entities gestated within .
so eliza did see the entities , but no one except maybe fern believed her .
it is my personal belief he d come to accept he could not currently stand up to the mysterious entity he later refers to simply as the benefactors .
therefore , these extremists still believe in an all - knowing entity ; they just call it science instead of a god .
as the story goes , there was but one all powerful entity in this universe .
many believe that he made a deal with the dragon , the other immortal entity opposite the phoenix , that enabled him to do this .
the goddess said that the lepcha girl was a divine entity but she was completely unaware of it .
even if we could pinpoint who the woman was and what 's keeping her spirit earthbound , a woman who has become a banshee is a whole other entity .
it almost becomes a living entity , devouring everything in its path , as you just witnessed .
` ` atticus higginbottom , '' she said , breaking the silence that had grown like a living entity , filling the room with something even darker than the air .
and now what we have is an entity that no one truly understands - not even the haunce .
it 's my world where this entity has begun its massacre , and it 'll be my world that gets consumed first .
the invading , mysterious entity below hummed and buzzed and growled as it spun , crackling when tendrils of bright lightning shot through its surface .
half of the castle ruins had been swallowed by the entity , and its pace of expansion seemed to be increasing .
it all added together to make this possible - i ' ve become an entity , like the haunce , a force to help watch over the realities .
she had become less a biological entity , more a sham collection of dormant organs and empty veins .
it is a massive entity that reaps souls into the next existence .
i would never enjoy the luxury of communion with the entity they called the singularity .
the oracle was not a real religious figure in the culture of coe baba and arria ; she was just a strange entity worshipped by several hundred fanatics who came at least once or twice a year .
she inhaled and moaned , then began to wrap each limb around his back , one after the other , like they were entirely separate entities .
echo wondered how many centuries old the entity was .
echos hand remained frozen , holding the crystal before the enraged entity .
maructe was no harmless entity .
he remembered battling with some entity for control of his mind .
the entity was evil and powerful .
the last thing tagan remembered before blacking out was seeing lozan slumped down on the other side of the tome after the struggle with the entity .
tagan refrained from mentioning anything about the entity he felt was attached to the eye and the battle they fought for his mind .
he was starting to wonder if it even was an entity he battled with or if he had some sort of hallucination brought on by the stress of the entire event .
tagan remembered the abuse he suffered at the hands of the other inductees and his battle with the dark entity .
tagan remembered the battle of minds he had with that unknown entity that he now realized must have been one of the mrg .
the hostile energy in the tent intensified like it was an entity unto itself , feeding on the barbs being exchanged .
he could feel something as the two entities connected .
the oracle was n't fond of unknown entities , and the little brownie was just that .
raas dug out his copy of walt 's across texas and read by the dashboard light : the city of dallas is an autonomous entity located within texas , its name deriving from an old indian word meaning , ` ` needs paint . ''
your body should be its own entity .
it made them look like a single entity with cruel blades , teeth , and claws each catching the sparse light in turn .
there are many entities that try to control aspects of the great storm .
table of contents prelude chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter fourteen chapter fifteen chapter sixteen chapter seventeen chapter eighteen chapter nineteen chapter twenty a note to readers connect with catherine catherines other books excerpt from touched by fire about the author glossary of terms prelude for in the life of the entity enters many of those conditions that may be made into miracles or crimes .
those things too closely alluded to dark , shadowy realms ; to otherworld entities , which were very real and far more dangerous than any mythical monsters , more terrifying than the average person could even begin to conceive .
with the boy broadcasting power , it was only a matter of time until he attracted discarnate entities , or worse , the belian that damien was tracking .
his physical entity perished after a mortal encounter with a belian that had incarnated as a state trooper .
richard wayman was more than a physical entity , she snapped .
an unshielded initiate can draw discarnate entities , or worse .
and you ll help me track down this entity .
luz says there s a discarnate entity at my house .
a discarnate entity ?
this was not a belian , but it was a discarnate entity .
you saw the energy trail left behind by the entity .
that s why i believe this was a benign entity .
i think you can learn to do this on your own , and it will help you if the entity comes back .
he was bound to use his powers eventually , which could attract any number of entities .
so he can learn how to properly control them and protect himself from belians and discarnate entities .
chapter eight five vehicles lined the street in front of the house north of karathe same house where luz had taken alex after the discarnate entity made an appearance .
high sanctionedthose entities ( souls ) that were the high priests of the temple of the one on atlantis .
sanctionedspiritually advanced atlantian entities who served the high priests in the temple of the one .
and yet , he was an entity also , a tiny speck , less than a mote of dust , but with a purpose and a reason , a microcosmos in the great macrocosmos of being .
i wanted to scream that he did n't always get what he wanted , he could n't always shape the world into some perfect , flawless entity that functioned precisely as he mandated .
there has to be another entity involved here .
she is the great velinar , one of the most magnificent divine souls , a wondrous being and the sweetest entity i ' ve ever known .
they d been hired to fight the very entity which held their hand where the elfin were concerned .
he was beyond competition , beyond comprehension , an entity of his own .
why he had been spared so long , he did not understand , unless the malign entity which ruled the river meant to keep him alive to torture him with grief and fear .
he understood that any government entity worked slower the more important it was .
there has been no point in my life where i have witnessed any sign whatsoever of a loving and peaceful entity guiding or protecting me .
it is a weakness or a flaw in an otherwise perfect entity .
soon the unseen entity would be directly over my head .
millennia ago , the two aspects emerged as distinct entities and fought with each other for the allegiance of the earths inhabitants .
each incantation called forth a powerful entity to serve the sorcerer .
the summoned entity then performed the required task .
in his madness , septan had ripped the earth spirit into two separate entities .
tironock kan began fighting shenal ken , the benign entity the weakened earth spirit had become , for dominion of the world .
common logic dictates that the soul and the corporeal body are separate entities ; this is dualism , and this is wrong .
into the fiery bowels he traveled , until meeting with the rest of the assorted warriors , already engaged in battle with a massive , towering , volcanic entity .
hadge swiftly searched the reflection , hoping to spot the wayward entity , but instead ferreted out something much more complicated .
his head ached from the late night , and all the energy he d put into trying to trace an unknown entity .
in spite of the neutrality of macconnachs call , the entity seemed to know what he was ; he could feel it mocking him in a way that implied nothing good or easy about the journey yet to come .
i can not yet tell whether this entity was seeking a particular person , or simply attempting to reel as many people in as possible .
macconnach could see things had suddenly altered , felt the closeness of some entity abruptly swing around to them .
he wondered whether it meant that the entity was not yet powerful enough to confront human males , or if that merely indicated its preferred victims .
macconnach wondered where in the midst of all this such a dark entity could exist .
we must destroy this entity in order to live .
the only question now was whether he had been called by them , or by the same entity whose desire was to take macconnach for its own .
it was not an entity with form , as he had sometimes met , but an insubstantial , swirling , a gaping maw from which nothing could escape .
macconnach felt the entity wrap its tendrils around him , as it sought to feed from him .
isabel turned back to the roiling blackness of the entity which had macconnach in its grasp .
he stared at her , uncomprehending , until she pointed at the entity .
she turned her eyes back to the entity , and knew what she must do .
it was enough ; a fire began to embrace them both , a living fire that raced away from them , lashing back at the entity .
they then held one anothers hand to face the final confrontation with the entity .
the destruction of such a powerful entity was a warning , a calling card , an awakening .
do nt ask he lunged again , his blade whirling , slicing a chunk out of the entity before it could form another claw .
the main point is , this demonstration shows what every mathematics teacher knows : that four - dimensional reality has been established with finality and moral entities are free to move through good - and - evil height -- which was to prove .
` ` please note that all the bipeds ' deities are entities whom no one hears or sees except in visions .
he does cast shadows , and one hears his voice ; so as regards belief , we ' ve little choice ; whereas with spiritual entities it 's harder to believe what no one sees .
the sound and the picture merged into one solid entity .
such rejecters , however unwittingly , comprise the leading prey for these monstrous entities , for such come into conformity without so much as a struggle .
that monstrous entity known as tarkan , the loathsome demon of dread towers , stood at the fore among those evil spirits upon the plains of megiddo .
with eyes fixed upon the entity , the sight became even more wonder - filled in that , even as he observed , the great head of this creature transformed in appearance from one thing to another before his very eyes !
anakia gazed , wide - eyed , for a very long time upon the features of the immense entity hovering in front of him as its beauty evoked the deepest and most indefinable and sublime emotions within his soul .
yet , his sense of discernment told him there was an entity hidden in its cloudy depths !
the throne of ha - satan faced the north , and , before it , spread out as far as a human mind would have been able to grasp , was the myriad of sabari , the black spirits of this realm , bowing down to grovel upon the earth in homage to the revolting entity who was seated before them !
just outside the city there stood an extremely fiendish entity who bore the name kardraka .
however , this time , do nt imagine yourself transferring it to another object , but imagine making the energy and yourself one entity .
the phantom they that pursued her knew who she was , but existed as a nameless , faceless entity .
' you ' ve forgotten to fill in the comment card ... ' 85 azif was a tall man , well over six feet tall , but the entity that now confronted the moor was almost half his size again .
that his divine entity should perish into the dust like a commoner .
oh , and lets not forget the bruise forming on my breastbone where xavier had tried to make the seat and i one entity .
we can not defeat this evil as two separate entities .
the mother was the entity responsible for hasbaries powers and his return from the afterlife .
it was nt a good thing when my wolf and i felt like separate entities .
for herand all of her kindtime was more like the unending pull of the tides , an entity of which she stood outside , gazing at endless waves of possibility , entering and leaving those waters as she pleased .
any similarity to real persons , living or dead , places , incidents or entities is coincidental and not intended by the author .
you re not a finite being or a timeless entity , torrin surmised .
arca anjety waited patiently while the broadside of the vessel hurried towards him , and torrin was close to jumping overboard when the longboat collided with the stoic entity and broke down the center .
the young man surmised , that most likely , the brunt of the energy it needed to function was derived mainly from the virus itself an entity born of pure energy .
no matter what the cost , imorbis was determined to possess ki'minsyllessil and the god - like entity that dwelt there .
but was its power great enough to destroy the corrupted entity that the graelic had become ?
despite this travesty , many yet viewed anon as some sort of sacred entity .
he was being erased , overwritten by the entity sevron .
when i spoke with the survivors , they say a single , powerful entity took the hangar .
deep inside him the fledgling entity grew , overwriting all that formed the core of who and what imorbis was with one thing chaos .
he is the greatest entity in the history of history , because he has gone further than anyone else in consuming the world .
its reacting raahi was cut off by a vision descending upon them of many swirling lights coming down , as if one entity , to dance around the newborn turtle .
he read aloud : chandrasekhar , regardless of the status of your mission , having achieved or not the possession of the sacred entity , you must move with all possible speed for the shining city .
when was the last time you melded with a natural entity ?
he had nt seen the entity within the flames again , and he still had received no reply from daro .
against such a powerful entity as the ice lord , how could it ?
in the past and even now , though it may seem moot , the seminary has not , and does not wish to present itself as an overbearing or threatening entity .
mages serve varying entities and sometimes only themselves .
all entities holding ties to the old rule would be disbanded if not destroyed .
i thought out loud , remembering how the dress exposed the entity of it .
dr lamb dopiaza - pilau rice following the 1968 legislation by the welsh parliament recognising curries as conscious entities .
however , following the 1968 legislation by the welsh parliament officially recognising curries as conscious entities , dark forces sought to infiltrate the curry community , spurring on insurgency , sabotage and acts of terrorism .
to rid the multiverse of this entity ca nt we talk about this ?
i mean , a vaticinator can be quite a vulnerable entity considering how he can be used for his abilities by malicious beings around .
i do nt know what he thinks of himself being the most important entity in the therian world out of nowhere .
but i will let you know that i will not risk our realm for a single person , even if he is an important entity .
in theory , all the occultists are a single entity .
when the cosmos sprung from stillness into sudden life , most celestial bodies and the worlds they made up and were made of tore through the blackness urgently , frantic to put the terrifying memory of nonexistence as far behind them as possible and rushing so , they lost that shimmering , fast mutability that was their primal state and became fixed entities , ruled by fixed dimensions of space and time .
but this was evidence of its supremacy , because what is a word but an immaterial rope that ties two formerly free entities a thing and a thought together , weighing them down with a crude , specific sound ?
but whereas the first god had allowed the nascent cosmos to behave as its countless entities dictated or desired , never intervening no matter how unruly the worlds and their creatures , the begotten gods of life and death revolted against their maker and demanded that order be restored to the universe , and that the chaos yield to their will .
and just as those ancestors could commune with one another unhindered by such barriers as actual speech and distance , their minds linked in a single entity of wisdom , the minuscule foreseer appeared to have read wixelors thoughts at a glance for first he dispelled his apprehension with a wide warm grin , and then he said , fear not , my friend ; that is no instrument of cruelty .
moreover , although his faithlessness extended to all supposedly otherworldy entities ( as if the world was nt cruel enough without their retribution ) , he reserved some doubt as to the exact nature of the cave , and what transpired within it .
of course , the girl said , all this was passed on from one generation to the next as a sort of tale to teach men , women and children to be more fearful and virtuous , but that no one truly believed that these fantastic entities roamed the world picking fights and luring people into ruin .
but the more she thought about it , the idea of such entities , able to do absolutely anything , was terrifying , as was the prospect of addressing them she could nt think of the appropriate words ( though actual talking might not be necessary : if lurienites were able to read peoples minds , then surely the gods could , too , from any distance ) , and the concepts they encompassed daunted her .
twenty feet away she wrestled with the gray entity .
the gray entity moaned , a sound like wind funneling through a tin can .
they all catch my eye , among other less familiar paranormal entities .
the nature of its power is that it has merged with the aether as a separate mind , a separate entity , and knows all of our dreams and secret thoughts , and can use them for great and terrible things .
if he was told any of this a week ago , told that he would fight undead creatures that could absorb the life - force of living things , told that he would converse with an invisible entity that might as well be called a poltergeist , he would have laughed and perhaps given ridicule in his usual charismatic way .
is this entity , who is capable of manipulating and controlling so much , an enemy or a friend ?
( a secret here : they are not fickle , but crowds seem so , because many minds are mistaken for a single entity , the public . )
the botnet is 400 million reprogrammable recursively linked software entities planted on personal and business computers throughout the internet .
amazon feels that the power google wields is too great for their maturity as a corporate entity .
i was correct in assuming the door to be a living being , or rather an entity .
i can not afford to lose control or contemplate the moral inference of seeing and knowing what dimitri and his brand of entities do here .
dimitri thana , as expected , is both a loved and hated entity .
it turns out that humans have an innate ability to soul bond with entities .
these entities can advise them , speak to them telepathically and , while not always , can at times take on physical appearances .
it was pure coincidence that i chose that moment to recall the right entity to appeal to and in my pjs .
liams eyes do not leave the entity moving towards her own body but not before she kisses his cheek .
the man laughed heartily , nay lad , it is not an entity per se , but rather an idea that is self - perpetuating and sustaining , set in motion by the same hand that sent the worlds spinning and maintained in like manner .
now eden is a separate entity from earth , but both realms maintain similarities to each other for some odd reason .
i m not sure , brenda astral entities of some kind .
are all masculine entities so arrogant ?
thus , god is actually two entities , light and dark .
it is one entity that does not differentiate between the rich and the poor , the mighty and the meek , the general and the reserved , death , whose looming shadow is ever present around each one of us .
football was his life , playing for the football team was the entity on which his whole existence was based , there was nothing else in the world he loved so much as this game , and facing the possibility of having it snatched away from him was akin to someone stabbing him in his stomach with a sharp ice pick .
all moving entities give off energy , which is what spirit mages feed onkinetic energy .
no longer a single entity , he was elaborately woven through the boy 's empty veins .
in the hierarchy of supernatural entities ghosts must be at the bottom of the organization chart .
so would a transparent entity who could hardly budge a pebble be capable of unleashing uninterrupted midnight - to - dawn orgasms ?
assuming the operation is possible , seymour is determined to be a well - behaved demonic entity , no unclean spirit to throw his darling into fits and convulsions or make her spout blasphemous obscenities in a rasping guttural croak .
but with any two entities as powerful as those he served , the future was never certain .
my conjecture , said jack , is that a paragon is an aggregate entity made up of the souls of experts .
what if simply opening the attic door unleashes some demonic entity bent on possession and sex and death ?
tax a requirement for people to pay money ( usually to a government entity ) for public objectives .
ulka did nt panic , believing that nemmin was just pointing out that the 7th brigade was a different entity to his old unit and had to be treated and respected as such .
your guardians should already be aware of entities crossing into your world and causing atmospheric and climatic disturbances , kaloc replied , after a moments thought .
any fully functional group of mytar will be more than a match for any single entity such as zelnoff .
grinly 's legs crumpled sending him sprawling before the dark entity .
the entity motioned with his hand , grinly 's pallid skin reddened and blistered as though suddenly touched by red - hot coals .
the entity made another motion and the sailor rose up into the air , until he was face to face with the dark beast .
after long moments the entity allowed him to float back down to the ground where he lay shaking .
the entity flicked a hand and an image of the small brown phial came into being and hung suspended in the air .
the entity hovered unspeaking for a few moments , your heart is black - i see it .
she felt that somehow , she if anybody should be able to find out more about the mysterious entity that somehow forced everyone but dreamcasters into a blissful sleep .
could he really lie to that entity ?
ancient spectral entities .
he was like an entity sent by the dragon gods .
fireballs and flame entities .
they summoned fire entities of snake , winged beast and pet vermillion foxes attacked as well .
like standing before an inhuman entity .
useless entities .
upon this highest point the nephi have raised a golden crossa cruciform figure similar to the sign brok uses in anointments , yet a bit queeran entity of stupendous fascination , of such majesty and dazzling splendor that it seems to them to be a golden key , to be a kind of magical key , one which proclaims that the land they are entering contains queer truths of the most amazing kind ... so does frak translates all that is happening as it happens to brok and the crew ... they without a hint of resistance are submitting to fraks wisdom ... as they sail farther into the bay all around they find the land to be blanketed with human life and activitiesbuildings appear and disappear from eyes range ; streets crisscrossing and impossible to number ... the whole landscape is a bustling , active , enticing , confounding bubbling of human energy which reaches out to the ship and draws it in as a big fish is drawn smoothly out of the water and into the fishing boat upon a deftly cast hook .
the toilet mouth , a known entity .
the words hung in the air , as if entities of their own , growing and filling the room with the dread that they held .
the entities are nt separate .
he was more shocked at the fact that the entity had listened .
in a sense , when you re alive , its as if your will dreams and grows , and when you finally die , your will wakes existing , briefly , as a separate entity from the world , caught between the physical and the spiritual in a waking limbo .
so , she wrapped her arms around the entity and welcomed his kiss , holding her to his lips .
i also find it important to keep in mind that just because an entity is not what it appears to be does not mean that it is not important .
also , one occasionally encounters hybrid entities : forces or principles that were not originally anthropomorphic , but which their devotees have dressed up to appear so .
just as humans spontaneously form themselves into friendships , families , clans , tribes , clubs , nations , cultures , towns , cities , religions , ethnicities , armies , churches , hospitals , universities , orchestras , festivals , wars , migrations , and uncountable other kinds of larger entities and events , possibly including gods , so these pixies , too , make larger coherent entities .
just as humans spontaneously form themselves into friendships , families , clans , tribes , clubs , nations , cultures , towns , cities , religions , ethnicities , armies , churches , hospitals , universities , orchestras , festivals , wars , migrations , and uncountable other kinds of larger entities and events , possibly including gods , so these pixies , too , make larger coherent entities .
and just as nations interact with nations , attracting and repelling and orbiting and colliding and merging and breaking up , and just as armies interact with armies , and churches with towns , and friendships with religions , and hospitals with orchestras , so do these larger entities , made from the interactions of the tiniest pixies , interact with one another to produce still larger ones .
and from these interactions come even larger entities , and still larger ones in turn .
this continues for many , many steps , until eventually , entities are so produced which are large enough to be seen by humans .
these in turn organized themselves into yet larger entities .
lightbearer smiled ; she was actually a little touched by his practice of using sorilals aristocratic title ; officially , there was no longer any such political entity as liotr , and so sorilal could not be a princess of it .
how can such an entity be guided ?
god a significant force , process , or developing entity , and one which is anthropomorphic in that it is in its nature to have thoughts ( perhaps because it includes human thoughts ; see immanence ) , or something closely analogous to thought .
spirit a significant process or entity that has characteristic modes of behavior and tends to preserve itself .
and if that was n't the worst thing that could happen , she slowly finds out that an ancient , thoroughly powerful entity might just be out to curse her .
the old dusty scroll said that the entity of light lived with the quariath fairy tribe .
an entity of stone .
` ` eckxio you are a special entity , '' she would tell him .
he wondered about the fairy king and if the entity could really help him awake his magic .
he asked , not sure if he was worthy of seeing such a sacred entity as the fairy king , but he did not allow his insecurities to stop him .
eckxio gaped as he gazed at the entity .
you know someone can not see whole entity , but you pretend as if she can see it , thalia !
if he decides he 's good at that sort of work , he could enlist with the local army and defend his kin and country against whatever entity is deemed the enemy at that moment .
for himself , he suspected whatever divine entity had turned him away from death thought to inspire some contemplation in watching the sea .
' named for the theoretical divine entity that governs the dead . '
nineteen ` ` ... preventing my bounty hunter from performing his duty , which in turn has cost me not just the bounty but a client- '' tired of dakkar 's nonstop drivel on how he 'd been wronged and was due justice , macha shifted her simmering anger toward the slavic god varpulis , the entity called in as arbitrator over this tribunal meeting .
it was a white - hot anger , something that seethed with malice and hate so intense that it almost seemed a separate entity .
not even an ifrit , which was at least a coherent entity , a being .
` ` the person or entity listed as the public point of contact for a blind corporation .
for better or worse , as long as no overt drug deals went down and no important tourists turned up missing , the zona operated as a self - governing entity .
although ... given what heron had done to her , she feared he was not just a quarterback in this game , but an entity of another sort .
it had , however , become something familiar , something she knew and could account for - and as she had grown more weary , day by day , as she grew less able to distinguish it as a separate entity from her body 's exhaustion , it had become increasingly unimportant .
and if eidolon corporation was what max simms had claimed , a major technological entity with ties to the federal government , then retasking a satellite and painting borden 's car with a laser tag would n't have been very difficult .
after hearing monsters in the dressing room and seeing another entity speak through our medium , there was n't much i would n't believe .
he 'd never had any personal dealings with supernatural entities , but he knew what a well - placed arrow would do to an unexpecting stomach .
rincewind formed a mental picture of some strange entity living in a castle made of teeth .
and what was so strange was that each of the wizards , who had in the course of their work encountered many a fire - spitting , bat - winged , tiger - taloned entity in the privacy of a magical octogram , had never before had quite the same uncomfortable feeling as they had when , ten minutes late , trymon strode into the room .
never mind about hostile paranormal entities , an ambitious wizard had quite enough to do fighting his enemies in his own order .
the omnipotent eyesight of various supernatural entities is often remarked upon .
+ + + humans have always ascribed random , seasonal , natural or inexplicable actions to humanshaped entities .
after little more than a couple of weeks as a human , the entity that was lady lejean was having real trouble .
he prided himself on an incredibly well - honed ability to talk his way in or out of anything , but that rather depended on a passably sane entity being involved at the other end of the dialogue .
dios terrified them in a very positive , human way that no supernatural entity ever could .
her body felt as if it held a life of its own , as if the pleasure of her was its own entity .
of course , you 're saving inherently opposing entities depending on which side of the immortal line you stand . ''
short conversations and paul lowe were mutual y exclusive entities .
as nigel struggled for breath he did not need , there was only one entity to turn to in this god - awful solitude .
you say that as if it were an entity and not just a number . ''
various infernal entities are kept here because they 're useful in some way . ''
eve frowned , knowing that there was no such entity .
his hair was long , past his shoulder blades , and it moved as a separate entity .
the dust itself was like some sort of entity , pushing us back .
there are three entities lying there . ''
the other is another entity .
i think she was so afraid of the entity coming back , even though she had no reason to be .
i cleanse houses of evil entities and i practice healing reiki on poppets .
the next entity would stay in her , forever , and take the child too .
the demonic entity of my mother had already disappeared with the light .
it was somehow bigger than the one in my room last night , at least fifteen feet long and two feet thick at its middle , and yet i knew it was the same beast , the same entity .
this place is like its own entity .
` ` while we did n't see any ghosts , we observed a bouncing ball , thrown down the passageway by an unknown entity .
the power here -- the power that was simply excess energy , bleeding off from the slowly waking entity we called the mother -- was beyond anything we could ever understand or control .
` ` you do n't understand , '' he said , and suddenly i was talking to a man -- an entity , anyway -- not just a force of nature .
six billion graves , and only one entity walking , but it only took the one .
` ` that was when i first began to become aware of myself , as a discrete entity .
there were so many of the mantis - form warriors , moving together , that they seemed like a single entity , a carpet of gleaming green - black armor , of slashing edges and piercing points .
he was one of the most powerful entities on the face of the earth .
i could n't focus on anything ; the crowd was a faceless mass of shouting faces , all blurring into a snarling , hostile entity .
since it was late friday afternoon , the traffic was minimal among the rows of rectangular buildings chopped up into characterless entities like great systems , inc . and genesis distributors , which might conduct business of any sort .
in oversight , crossing huge distances takes a fraction of real time , but it still felt like a long trip by the time i saw the swirling entity we were calling samuel .
` ` transubstantive entity , lower - class . ''
when mr . galath had come forward with his advanced artificial entity matrix , who had predicted to the day - to the day - how long it would take the government to develop regulations ?
there are ... well , let 's just say there are entities .
because if dorrance had done that , it suggested that some ( entity ) force or being had known that ralph would need help .
or maybe i should say entities in high places .
you 're drifting into deep water , he 'd said , and there are things swimming around in the undertow you ca n't even conceive of entities , in other words .
to even go near him would be to risk a visit from the entity he thinks of as the crimson king ... and besides , he is no longer in derry . ]
ralph did n't care for the idea , but it felt right , just the same , entities , he thought , and shivered .
the entity that had been imprisoned within the well of ascension .
there was really no way of knowing for sure what had once been , for the entity had the power to change records .
it rolled across the warehouse floor , becoming a living , breathing entity clawing at release .
but he knew in the end that most of them were individual entities .
his hair - roughened body abraded against her , and her skin became a living , breathing , aching entity .
demos had certain views about the order of the universe - simply put , that upon the deck of his ship he should be the foremost policy - making entity .
erik had been ensconced in the seattle area long before me , and he was a well - known figure to almost every immortal entity around .
this city is filled with supernatural agents and entities ; humans just do n't realize it .
the pain of that reality had been driven home last year when nyx , a primordial chaos entity , had visited me in my sleep and used tantalizing dreams to distract me while she stole my energy .
besides , i had never fully recovered from the time an ber - powerful entity of chaos had merged with me in my sleep and sucked away my energy .
` ` no , but some entity is invading my home . ''
nyx was one such force , an entity of chaos from the beginning of time , when the world had been created from disorder .
not an entity exactly .
what roman had sensed might not be demon or angel , but it was n't impossible that someone from our side could have worked with an unknown entity .
` ` so ... just say that you 're right , and this ... thing , this entity ... is following me , how do i get rid of it ?
i think ... that 's why ... oh , fuck ... that 's why this dark entity has attached itself to you . ''
there is a dark entity around you .
in addition , there are two texts in which a part of the city of present sorrow is treated as a separate entity .
they did n't have faces ; they were formless black entities like ghosts .
it was n't just a bunch of pages sewn together within a cover - it was an entity , alive as she was .
` ` it 's used for summoning or banishing spirit entities . ''
it said , adding , ' this device is provided without warranty of any kind as to reliability , accuracy , existence or otherwise or fitness for any particular purpose and bioalchemic products specifically does not warrant , guarantee , imply or make any representations as to its merchantability for any particular purpose and furthermore shall have no liability for or responsibility to you or any other person , entity or deity with respect of any loss or damage whatsoever caused by this device or object or by any attempts to destroy it by hammering it against a wall or dropping it into a deep well or any other means whatsoever and moreover asserts that you indicate your acceptance of this agreement or any other agreement that may be substituted at any time by coming within five miles of the product or observing it through large telescopes or by any other means because you are such an easily cowed moron who will happily accept arrogant and unilateral conditions on a piece of highly priced garbage that you would not dream of accepting on a bag of dog biscuits and is used solely at your own risk . '
spirit retrieval was itself a form of healing , often done when some entity was plaguing a human in a possession sort of way .
and gentry usually are n't so difficult to cast out ... . art tends to handle those on his own and call me in for the entities that are harder for him to get rid of . ''
they were so close together that they appeared to be one entity , a thick bloody liquid oozing toward him .
though this does mean that you 're the first queen in five generations to cede a portion of andor - no matter how small - to a foreign entity . ''
` ` when you spend time commanding , you start to think of an army as a single entity .
` ` there is nothing under the sun , '' said margon , ` ` nor under the moon , no entity of intellect , that does not have to believe something about itself , something about its purpose , the reason for its suffering , its destiny . ''
what if he does n't want these earthbound entities lingering here , gaining power , lying to themselves , privileging their personal survival over the grand scheme of things ? ''
the entities crept closer .
with that pleasant thought in mind , the three entities , which had worked their way along the wall directly across from me , now stopped .
i had been so caught up watching the steady approach of the three entities that i had completely missed the woman who had materialized onstage .
once or twice , when i had lost all sense of who i was , i found myself creeping along the ceiling with the three entities .
on this day , as we sat together in the front pew , she informed me that my memory was disappearing at a much faster rate because i was not naturally grounded to the church , that my memory would keep disappearing until i was nothing more than one of the red - eyed entities watching over the painting .
said a humor - filled voice just below the entities .
the only thing below the entities was , of course , the statue of jesus christ hanging on the cross .
` ` if i had to guess , there are many who 's - that is , many people and beings and entities - that worked hard to get you here today . ''
the four entities were upon me , all heaving their fiery swords at once , leaving behind burning contrails of wispy black smoke .
and then the glowing entity did something i would be eternally grateful for .
i would ask you to pray for my success , but as i suppose you are even now frowning down in dismay at this page , and wondering what nonsensical contrivances i am entangling poor innocent miss barr in , the best i can hope for is that you will wish me good lucksince i know you do not believe in the influence of any such mythical entity .
the new german physician he had read about was no longer a hypothetical entity to him .
soon , her room is filled with entities in human form , emitting the brightest light into her room and the surrounding area , with the healing power of love .
chapter 9 padova entities should not be multiplied beyond necessity .
military aid in any form to a foreign government or entity will be illegal .
if these four entities polled their voters and collective support they had the power to pick the winner .
also , individuals and family trust and other sheltered private entities would not be shielded .
the desire was so powerful nowlike its own entity , sentient , a starving beast howling for meatthat he had nt been able to do a single thing for the past two days , waiting , endlessly waiting , for the house to be emptyso he could finally quench the pain of that burning fire .
in general , as one man from a nearby town put it , the [ communist ] party knew that we jews did n't have any political aspirations and only wanted to work and live in peace.xlviii at the same time , though , the soviets were determined to destroy judaism as a religion and the jewish community as an entity .
i wonder if the romans , not to mention the judaean councils , recognize your groupings as legal entities ?
the problem with the god of israel is its invisibility having no shape hard for people to believe in such a pure spiritual entity !
joseph was sure that they had forgotten , that the calf was basically only a symbol of a virtual and immaterial entity , who is god , and that his purpose in creating human kind was social justice : due to continuous wars with inside and outside enemies in northern israel , all social orders there had deteriorated .
a quiet and peaceful queendom like judea - is nt a self - understandable national entity in the wild area of zion .
it existed as a political entity from hittite times into the byzantine empire .
like other primal entities ( such as the earth and time ) , tartarus is also a primordial force or deity .
the three look at him , thinking and feeling like a single entity .
with that blast , we freed ourselves from the illusionary entities called gods .
people even think of their panic as a living entity that attacks with claws and teeth , without mercy .
while sam was busy with design activities rita formed a corporation she named rpe development ( rpe was the initials of rockpile estates ) as the subdivision development entity .
it allows the greek city - states to remain as political entities .
buddhism teaches that human beings are supreme entities of the universe .
since all entities are inter - connected , to view others suffering as not ones own , only prolongs ones own unhappiness .
at every moment , all entities of existence are moving from one world to another .
living beings that pass through the two phases of life and death are the entities of the ten worlds , or the entities of myoho - renge - kyo .
living beings that pass through the two phases of life and death are the entities of the ten worlds , or the entities of myoho - renge - kyo .
the waihi goldmining company was so powerful an entity that it alone had the capacity to provide electricity to the town .
sarah , the niece of potty percy , the owner of the tavern that william and budsby had chanced upon and had converted from a losing entity into a thriving entertainment centre .
she had no idea what he meant ; and he was almost too angry to explain , but she managed , eventually , to find out that it was n't only tarquinius who 'd been upset by the changes in the army , and that manius had lost his command , and been demoted , or rather , that in the merging of two centuries , someone had forgotten to ensure he was given a place in the new entity , so that he was left on the strength , but without a posting , and , if you took the rules literally , subordinate to a man vastly his junior .
in most cases , both entities have equal standing , neither dominates the other .
my guess is that they will fight fiercely for their hearth , but , at least until now , have not had a larger entity to offer loyalty to . '
an entity he would establish along with his partners would live on long after he was gone .
one small group of mind scientists believes that mind is a quantum effect and that disembodied entities ( which might be called souls ) manipulate the body by willfully causing quantum possibilities to become actual .
i asked things are entities that have attributes , whether you look at them or not .
the type of connectivity that s possible in quantum theory allows two connected entities to be in indefinite states , but allows the couple itself to be in a definite state !
they ve gotten themselves into a state where their individualities are not as clear , but the couple itself as an entity , is better defined than the individual members of the set .
at least he d believed as much until the dark - haired woman caught his attention ; running through the streets , long hair streaming behind , her eyes so haunted he imagined some terrible , invisible entity chased her .
pleasure soared through serenitys body as he pushed deep and held still , joining them , one entity , one being .
also a scary entity .
virginia 's mother is an entity that is scarier than an old lady with mind control powers .
his fate is the same as many others that have encountered this entity over the ages .
later , said entity contemplates its existence .
alien entities from the outer dark are immortal - so only breed by taking over the local lifeforms .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
vastation - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 vastation 441 the 252 and 202 of 193 i 186 a 127 to 109 in 81 my 70 that 49 was 45 me 45 it 38 s 38 from 38 he 35 with 35 his 34 were 31 or 31 they 31 for 31 on 30 t 29 one 28 as 28 into 27 is 25 at 24 an 24 them 23 who 22 by 22 we 22 when 21 him 20 d 19 m 19 like 18 be 18 their 17 old 16 our 15 had 15 but 14 what 14 went 14 up 14 all 14 are 14 through 13 so 12 only 12 wife 12 ve 12 while 12 out 12 before 11 no 11 than 11 most 11 ones 11 well 11 got 11 time 11 do 11 not 10 universe 10 back 10 this 10 over 10 there 9 even 9 you 9 dark 9 those 9 more 9 how 9 few 9 black 9 every 9 down 9 us 8 set 8 its 8 potter 8 just 8 after 8 any 8 other 8 man 8 human 8 don 8 then 8 hole 8 ever 8 because 8 which 8 been 8 around 7 could 7 right 7 upon 7 good 7 pontiff 7 cat 7 made 7 such 7 city 7 myself 7 didn 6 ll 6 never 6 god 6 came 6 if 6 her 6 much 6 left 6 last 6 some 6 forth 6 until 6 brain 6 think 6 everything 6 red 6 light 6 blood 6 day 5 going 5 matter 5 sleep 5 eventually 5 go 5 dream 5 little 5 past 5 molecular 5 themselves 5 another 5 has 5 hell 5 house 5 earth 5 humanity 5 long 5 might 5 two 5 will 5 future 5 six 5 am 5 fleas 5 beneath 5 once 5 pod 5 night 5 along 5 times 5 sacrus 5 high 4 can 4 gone 4 people 4 really 4 better 4 arms 4 real 4 would 4 existence 4 self 4 fire 4 many 4 she 4 way 4 questions 4 later 4 kept 4 end 4 smoke 4 pretty 4 whole 4 actually 4 did 4 again 4 sometimes 4 next 4 big 4 hundred 4 except 4 soft 4 far 4 also 4 cell 4 planet 4 eye 4 certain 4 occasionally 4 nothing 4 although 4 darkness 4 have 4 oh 4 undying 4 eyes 4 ages 4 about 4 maybe 4 own 4 thick 4 ways 4 each 4 half 4 still 4 very 4 nonetheless 4 stars 4 space 4 within 4 cosmic 4 travel 4 wasn 4 re 4 killed 4 these 4 see 4 either 4 enough 4 thing 4 years 4 first 3 show 3 personal 3 milk 3 white 3 exist 3 near 3 fat 3 fireworks 3 damned 3 say 3 pit 3 turn 3 gave 3 shit 3 bed 3 great 3 sure 3 new 3 rats 3 ted 3 material 3 roof 3 park 3 come 3 decided 3 mind 3 seemed 3 masses 3 none 3 form 3 baby 3 give 3 plague 3 being 3 walls 3 now 3 too 3 hadn 3 turned 3 days 3 via 3 spent 3 planets 3 million 3 things 3 men 3 off 3 known 3 does 3 girl 3 itself 3 during 3 open 3 life 3 mirror 3 extra - dimensional 3 dead 3 together 3 continent 3 fucking 3 extant 3 force 3 said 3 hollow 3 water 3 started 3 bastards 3 three 3 full 3 find 3 imagined 3 moon 3 became 3 selves 3 same 3 spread 3 between 3 since 3 alive 3 tiny 3 youth 3 mother 3 used 3 nor 3 softy - cuddles 3 hand 3 pogroms 3 across 3 finally 3 version 3 leave 3 side 3 milkman 3 works 3 remained 2 super 2 survivors 2 bench 2 everyone 2 return 2 drunk 2 rose 2 final 2 mccoy 2 etc 2 happy 2 table 2 green 2 yellow 2 fungus 2 wonder 2 blasted 2 perfect 2 colonies 2 prior 2 holland 2 teatime 2 get 2 behind 2 bottom 2 hot 2 enter 2 distorted 2 necromancer 2 bottles 2 prime 2 2 2 booze 2 millennium 2 fills 2 meat 2 squad 2 desired 2 sea 2 lord 2 eater 2 ur - nyctos 2 match 2 bloody 2 purged 2 away 2 beyond 2 dirty 2 whores 2 pyrenees 2 understand 2 passed 2 under 2 intellect 2 regenerated 2 forgotten 2 x 2 jeff 2 pictures 2 living 2 technology 2 ignored 2 bubble - domed 2 hunch 2 shadows 2 kind 2 hooks 2 send 2 nuked 2 regions 2 your 2 daughter 2 acolytes 2 diabolical 2 space - time 2 method 2 monster 2 look 2 where 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 convinced 2 probably 2 slime 2 file 2 bunkers 2 skull 2 paper 2 devil 2 circle 2 make 2 burning 2 slept 2 grew 2 inside 2 suspect 2 strings 2 likely 2 tribe 2 know 2 physics 2 fungal 2 flea 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 scrolls 2 puny 2 sucking 2 sucker 2 genetic 2 so - called 2 meant 2 world 2 gaze 2 equilibrium 2 seed 2 priest 2 chief 2 candle 2 walk 2 galaxies 2 event 2 best 2 maw 2 flagellants 2 king 2 carried 2 makes 2 fear 2 sack 2 standing 2 yard 2 waves 2 vacuum 2 cal 2 teeth 2 flies 2 angry 2 despite 2 doesn 2 forces 2 alien 2 star 2 clouds 2 lot 2 stasis 2 began 2 terra 2 irradiated 2 efficiency 2 returned 2 organs 2 perhaps 2 trying 2 imagine 2 land 2 knew 2 worked 2 flesh 2 race 2 epochs 2 killing 2 fine 2 tea 2 watch 2 meanwhile 2 quantum 2 rome 2 assimilated 2 line 2 need 2 center 2 tears 2 villa 2 drink 2 crete 2 details 2 vaults 2 pupil 2 war 2 cycle 2 morning 2 carbon - based 2 happening 2 float 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 care 2 heat 2 dreamed 2 family 2 45 2 primal 2 mass 2 crack 2 crude 2 invaders 2 security 2 games 2 couldn 2 understood 2 everybody 2 civilization 2 pals 2 face 2 home 2 rock 2 legend 2 gathered 2 measure 2 sapiens 2 several 2 peephole 2 feel 2 liquefy 2 cockroaches 2 exponentially 2 hillside 2 reckoning 2 horror 2 settings 2 iteration 2 reality 2 finished 2 however 2 accompanied 2 crushed 2 kid 2 allowed 2 among 2 thousand 2 private 2 whining 2 tar 2 homo 2 lanterns 2 indeed 2 artificial 2 billion 2 sat 2 deep 2 horizon 2 similar 2 summer 2 named 2 free 2 sent 2 raised 2 yet 2 friends 2 smelled 2 feed 2 truth 2 won 2 billions 2 thought 2 restless 2 children 2 lowered 2 body 2 pocket 2 dna 2 gods 2 appeared 2 backward 2 dogs 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 machines 2 limited 2 rap 2 bullets 2 stream 2 painful 2 echoed 2 bored 2 level 2 done 2 hammer 2 absorbed 2 relativity 2 true 2 worm 2 0 2 afterward 2 host 2 called 2 elvis 2 small 2 dread 2 found 2 game 2 android 2 former 2 ask 2 dozen 2 nearly 2 mold 2 take 2 impossible 2 tracking 2 present 2 joined 2 comrades 2 perfected 2 general 2 lovely 2 whispers 2 size 2 orgy 2 buried 2 humans 2 metropolises 2 brought 2 blackness 2 drop 2 party 2 scientists 2 sentient 2 checked 2 vases 2 team 2 modifications 2 destroy 2 tokyo 1 bonkers 1 zipped 1 noah 1 hominids 1 pissy 1 throes 1 wait 1 absorbs 1 screws 1 lumbered 1 portal 1 flattened 1 favorite 1 project 1 rulers 1 sheets 1 death 1 ashore 1 lies 1 muck 1 creates 1 quaking 1 infertility 1 resembled 1 rustle 1 ran 1 grapes 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 identify 1 processes 1 failed 1 punctuated 1 depths 1 squatted 1 toss 1 warm- 1 growl 1 hear 1 suspicion 1 sufficient 1 chicago 1 lack 1 wheel 1 cooked 1 updraft 1 juncture 1 stone 1 jupiter 1 snail 1 cerebral 1 possesses 1 breeding 1 matted 1 cracks 1 second - in - command 1 exhale 1 accumulating 1 drugs 1 latter 1 heft 1 evening 1 wildfire 1 holding 1 lowest 1 deal 1 bc 1 thoroughfares 1 exaggeration 1 sentimental 1 cephalopodan 1 slicked 1 ooze 1 denomination 1 b 1 logic 1 pulse 1 vast 1 delay 1 codes 1 seconds 1 riot 1 shat 1 showering 1 dissolved 1 poison 1 burger 1 job 1 stripling 1 leader 1 secrets 1 met 1 tooth 1 missed 1 port 1 detached 1 research 1 eliminated 1 crib 1 application 1 arrived 1 laws 1 drifted 1 both 1 appreciate 1 rushing 1 e 1 locations 1 lest 1 inspect 1 erstwhile 1 spied 1 obliterate 1 spouse 1 speed 1 squads 1 attach 1 drinking 1 plotted 1 regular 1 ventures 1 manager 1 wet 1 respected 1 pots 1 semi- 1 maniac 1 emperor 1 third 1 governments 1 poles 1 spasms 1 disease 1 stole 1 planning 1 constituent 1 spray 1 something 1 wasting 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 remote - operated 1 twirled 1 smear 1 effete 1 stuff 1 teeters 1 age 1 hells 1 infinite 1 higher 1 dilates 1 rewind 1 mental 1 rouse 1 van 1 howdy 1 foot 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 plan 1 ticking 1 monstrous 1 commoner 1 reversing 1 devours 1 replicating 1 gargoyle 1 hope 1 die 1 cook 1 toga 1 gets 1 ops 1 pot 1 cloning 1 ours 1 lounged 1 drawback 1 hurts 1 primordial 1 entire 1 nanobots 1 cantonese 1 wine 1 simple 1 splattered 1 blame 1 sown 1 exterminating 1 listened 1 hair 1 amuses 1 devised 1 hurtling 1 coup 1 mathematicians 1 achieves 1 bean 1 expected 1 fraternize 1 spectacle 1 mousetrap 1 calculation 1 yesterday 1 trapped 1 god - emperor 1 insinuated 1 shine 1 woke 1 nigh- 1 talking 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 gravity 1 massacre 1 mare 1 planned 1 liberace 1 iterations 1 exiled - potentate 1 far- 1 watching 1 lacking 1 amok 1 sitting 1 punch 1 stack 1 sisters 1 thrown 1 brainboxes 1 thirteen 1 campaigns 1 remaining 1 understanding 1 spilled 1 damn 1 presented 1 beachheads 1 populations 1 flame 1 penetrates 1 series 1 questing 1 switch 1 implosion 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 bards 1 clone 1 tended 1 osmosis 1 proxy 1 sine 1 swims 1 grasped 1 original 1 seldom 1 slew 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 torment 1 writhing 1 dear 1 squandered 1 rotting 1 proud 1 online 1 qualifies 1 bud 1 iron 1 biological 1 griddle 1 feasted 1 gurgles 1 preferred 1 inches 1 move 1 biting 1 dusty 1 moments 1 hacking 1 goes 1 velocity 1 notice 1 nerve 1 motion 1 prosperous 1 wifey 1 medical 1 movie 1 soon 1 kong 1 sycophants 1 theory 1 miss 1 laird 1 sending 1 reach 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 beautiful 1 transmogrifies 1 protoplasmic 1 cork 1 follow 1 endless 1 zero 1 cowardly 1 cells 1 resistance 1 bio 1 jean 1 hum 1 gigantic 1 costumes 1 landmarks 1 scream 1 struggled 1 chest 1 mush 1 departure 1 wave 1 synchronized 1 someone 1 herself 1 programmed 1 peels 1 grown 1 arguably 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 entirely 1 stations 1 lifetimes 1 flung 1 states 1 suffice 1 pal 1 boogeyman 1 tripped 1 infancy 1 wide 1 researchers 1 skippy 1 invasion 1 start 1 rubbed 1 swiss 1 actual 1 voice 1 fiasco 1 resurface 1 begins 1 generated 1 far - flung 1 father 1 changed 1 crept 1 alignment 1 anyone 1 suck 1 awful 1 honeycombed 1 eight 1 forward 1 acquired 1 beat 1 madness 1 colleagues 1 sol 1 bugs 1 insides 1 sake 1 animates 1 punk 1 soldiers 1 croak 1 choir 1 cross 1 chattered 1 io 1 facets 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 utopian 1 writers 1 conculcated 1 demonstrate 1 hundreds 1 information 1 carthage 1 chinks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 shapes 1 anticipated 1 village 1 commode 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 settle 1 doctor 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 obscene 1 shocked 1 ungainly 1 aesthetic 1 knows 1 cats 1 fucked 1 disaster 1 rim 1 basket 1 means 1 recorded 1 blind 1 flags 1 dystopian 1 bureaucrat 1 moaned 1 remainder 1 awarded 1 drag 1 fuse 1 slimy 1 grist 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 making 1 effluvium 1 master 1 matches 1 axis 1 state 1 heard 1 flat 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 fossilizes 1 modify 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 vendor 1 george 1 afterthought 1 fly 1 outdated 1 least 1 less 1 depending 1 percentage 1 hank 1 lead - filled 1 bobbed 1 ink 1 custodian 1 swallows 1 lunchbox 1 glop 1 toward 1 servitors 1 cuffs 1 fate 1 intended 1 gene - splicers 1 science 1 crowd 1 puff 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 termed 1 rat 1 monstrosity 1 fabric 1 bounce 1 eat 1 pasta 1 solicited 1 wake 1 glass 1 quadrillions 1 against 1 kitchen 1 certainly 1 music 1 bumps 1 carefully 1 occupation 1 playing 1 else 1 society 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 busy 1 scratch 1 ability 1 aspect 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 stiffening 1 howling 1 slithering 1 fourteen 1 lesbian 1 rope - a - dope 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 purported 1 plank 1 somebody 1 cathode 1 twenty- 1 hu 1 rapidly 1 squatting 1 display 1 liberal 1 disappeared 1 escape 1 colors 1 six- 1 bat 1 why 1 sigh 1 eradicated 1 talks 1 orbital 1 dissolve 1 scraps 1 stonehenge 1 notwithstanding 1 mills 1 shone 1 slavering 1 oversized 1 scooped 1 wars 1 funny 1 contracted 1 reorganizing 1 follows 1 design 1 enemies 1 american 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 soliloquy 1 unmodified 1 vastation 1 paintings 1 involved 1 united 1 boys 1 murdered 1 toilet 1 lincoln 1 inquiry 1 tendrils 1 visiting 1 eggshell 1 varieties 1 vein 1 g 1 fueled 1 smother 1 okay 1 ship 1 sit 1 powerful 1 finer 1 self - willed 1 thrill 1 wanted 1 fungoid 1 loved 1 idiots 1 culture 1 yacht 1 inscrutable 1 sitdown 1 worse 1 catatonia 1 mad 1 ye 1 bedroom 1 doctors 1 billie 1 recent 1 concentrated 1 tenant 1 devils 1 senators 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 yeah 1 gang 1 expands 1 embolism 1 optical 1 strange 1 goo 1 sank 1 heralds 1 r 1 walnut 1 roam 1 grafts 1 straight 1 skirt 1 cymbals 1 mystical 1 unique 1 military 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 sawed 1 evolved 1 continental 1 baddies 1 mill 1 battalion 1 groundwork 1 july 1 illimitable 1 may 1 hoovered 1 penises 1 different 1 functional 1 goats 1 optic 1 amply 1 inheritors 1 wires 1 number 1 revel 1 cheese 1 jaunts 1 byzantine 1 dialects 1 relevance 1 remember 1 caligula 1 managed 1 summoned 1 ender 1 population 1 universal 1 exploded 1 vault 1 resist 1 proved 1 stern 1 mutant 1 suicide 1 cease 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 elimination 1 eagerly 1 mastered 1 animals 1 cortex 1 pierce 1 sound 1 crashes 1 spit 1 related 1 sauntered 1 predators 1 cavorted 1 mess 1 gears 1 strung 1 lutes 1 shot 1 mover 1 broadcasts 1 receive 1 nano - enhanced 1 banquet 1 birdbath 1 ha 1 stateside 1 activated 1 pathogen 1 annihilation 1 rise 1 displaces 1 skulk 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 dial 1 skulls 1 barron 1 sixty - seven 1 sacruses 1 kablooey 1 50 1 beetles 1 armageddon 1 safer 1 glowing 1 field 1 culmination 1 played 1 wang 1 rows 1 manually 1 current 1 ancient 1 inset 1 decades 1 fun 1 mortals 1 mid - sentence 1 convulsive 1 trillions 1 mustard 1 abyss 1 continuum 1 shortly 1 son 1 chinese 1 framework 1 explorations 1 scientific 1 complex 1 astro - physical 1 dirt 1 nine 1 egghead 1 filled 1 string 1 bunk 1 reason 1 burnt 1 poets 1 filmed 1 scrabble 1 tablets 1 octopi 1 useful 1 keeps 1 mud 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 centuries - long 1 ancestry 1 throat 1 honestly 1 squeak 1 lizards 1 shooting 1 words 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 arrayed 1 enlightenment 1 macedonian 1 minutes 1 corpse 1 inbreeding 1 porch 1 box 1 distant 1 drops 1 suspended 1 rusty 1 macy 1 amontillado 1 whilst 1 essential 1 march 1 fellow 1 drip 1 personnel 1 establish 1 ice 1 imbrium 1 stages 1 fool 1 notion 1 hunger 1 mean 1 polyglot 1 whisper 1 stick 1 idiot 1 intuitive 1 fleshy 1 wicker 1 masturbating 1 socks 1 enclave 1 continual 1 primacy 1 weren 1 effect 1 pop 1 bahamas 1 saps 1 perspective 1 shaving 1 bessy 1 lay 1 react 1 major 1 replicants 1 place 1 intergalactic 1 above 1 help 1 vagaries 1 play 1 particles 1 learned 1 circuits 1 mortal 1 eldest 1 modest 1 materials 1 overlords 1 previous 1 ichor 1 overflowed 1 prince 1 cracked 1 choked 1 empathic 1 lights 1 guts 1 claw 1 birds 1 ganglion 1 catapults 1 perpetual 1 sulfurous 1 type 1 parchment 1 eulogies 1 lonely 1 perpetrate 1 uninterruptable 1 brink 1 eons 1 signified 1 south 1 neutron 1 homogenize 1 partially 1 astronomy 1 doubtless 1 yeasty 1 trinity 1 amount 1 laser 1 rival 1 jagged 1 venerated 1 government 1 told 1 york 1 sci - fi 1 contact 1 bombs 1 purge 1 fighting 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 smiling 1 semaphore 1 sensibilities 1 astronomical 1 nano - cloud 1 come - back 1 build 1 sliced 1 descending 1 empire 1 horse 1 jars 1 reproductive 1 era 1 majesty 1 whimpers 1 stare 1 debunked 1 person 1 aimed 1 shell 1 regrettable 1 overpopulation 1 monsters 1 homicidal 1 slain 1 buffoon 1 crooked 1 rage 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 cowered 1 impressed 1 biology 1 hooted 1 fries 1 persist 1 outside 1 immortality 1 process 1 tong 1 young 1 witchcraft 1 herald 1 slipped 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 decipher 1 relentless 1 cylinders 1 reborn 1 bump 1 functionally 1 knowing 1 wiped 1 halloween 1 threw 1 power 1 rendered 1 anomalous 1 bizarre 1 adopts 1 notable 1 grip 1 mine 1 snowflake 1 nanoseconds 1 support 1 zen 1 ants 1 honorable 1 including 1 control 1 rugged 1 alight 1 valuables 1 hours 1 androids 1 redundancies 1 wood 1 hate 1 supercollider 1 unknowable 1 moody 1 ministry 1 critically 1 speak 1 contracts 1 layers 1 laying 1 rebuild 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 packs 1 undeath 1 writing 1 call 1 claws 1 undone 1 excite 1 blankness 1 humble 1 dregs 1 entities 1 forms 1 argument 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 replica 1 encounter 1 dog 1 looted 1 whatnot 1 severed 1 predict 1 moiling 1 easily 1 bathroom 1 comes 1 deity 1 pack 1 snored 1 closest 1 bang 1 conferred 1 barred 1 peep 1 breathed 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 caught 1 organizing 1 according 1 sloth 1 highlights 1 repository 1 hapless 1 petted 1 staff 1 release 1 si - phoned 1 cooking 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 scored 1 ouroboros 1 nerves 1 basic 1 chatting 1 trillion 1 drive 1 constantly 1 saved 1 artemis 1 roots 1 crumbling 1 concerned 1 conventional 1 flailed 1 simic 1 energy 1 system 1 month 1 beloved 1 orbit 1 nowhere 1 labyrinths 1 overseen 1 innards 1 model 1 appears 1 lasted 1 recklessly 1 avenue 1 calling 1 algorithms 1 brains 1 matrices 1 bricked 1 explain 1 sky 1 facedown 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 enveloping 1 slow 1 highly 1 inner 1 blithering 1 beside 1 arm 1 affect 1 fundamental 1 sooner 1 materialize 1 survive 1 metropolis 1 visit 1 flip 1 case 1 licking 1 animating 1 mouth 1 rice 1 ago 1 stoop 1 silver 1 surface 1 slip 1 belts 1 thanksgiving 1 hostiles 1 veil 1 machete 1 altar 1 limericks 1 scatter 1 primitive 1 changing 1 cold 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 flatten 1 beads 1 crawled 1 station 1 wound 1 linen 1 truly 1 crows 1 balls 1 lived 1 revere 1 polluted 1 castle 1 competing 1 hoover 1 remnants 1 run 1 shifters 1 twisting 1 quill 1 layer 1 distress 1 remains 1 glazed 1 revealed 1 cycles 1 couple 1 large 1 plug 1 brothers 1 literally 1 hands 1 snores 1 reversed 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 noggin 1 built 1 sonorous 1 grand 1 strain 1 shred 1 bones 1 quasi - immortal 1 smashing 1 apex 1 spine 1 rabbit 1 breeze 1 haywire 1 took 1 expect 1 burned 1 starvation 1 collaborators 1 awake 1 rest 1 pitched 1 operator 1 generations 1 rinse 1 commission 1 flutes 1 laughs 1 believing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 aware 1 infiltrated 1 astronomers 1 plate 1 approximate 1 black - and - white 1 hideous 1 prof 1 props 1 eyeball 1 mushrooms 1 mechanism 1 whose 1 openers 1 guards 1 obliviousness 1 legs 1 beings 1 anthrax 1 love 1 fall 1 vitro 1 bowels 1 terror 1 work 1 ramparts 1 self - murder 1 stories 1 naturally 1 singularity 1 unto 1 re - growing 1 angel 1 ishness 1 emerged 1 mainstream 1 possess 1 reorganized 1 cigar 1 squamous 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 imprinted 1 wish 1 booboo 1 minor 1 semi - infinite 1 motives 1 solipsism 1 wouldn 1 weight 1 joe 1 anthropologists 1 spewed 1 realistic 1 khan 1 delineating 1 freakish 1 hidden 1 extinct 1 grow 1 double 1 squeeze 1 changelings 1 paradise 1 mission 1 tenements 1 committing 1 drowned 1 intricacy 1 year 1 let 1 paris 1 shambling 1 photos 1 bush 1 slugs 1 crawling 1 approval 1 monkeys 1 stew 1 shrieks 1 transmogrified 1 trees 1 jumped 1 fours 1 reasons 1 happen 1 heel 1 rule 1 lethal 1 straying 1 compound 1 average 1 theories 1 marionettes 1 kills 1 usually 1 status 1 nice 1 problem 1 produced 1 charging 1 muckety - muck 1 dry 1 popular 1 exactly 1 warm 1 anew 1 reproduce 1 alike 1 wrongo 1 folds 1 eccentricities 1 converted 1 steam 1 conspire 1 disturbing 1 anachronistic 1 dimensions 1 due 1 sun 1 frequent 1 approached 1 organics 1 food 1 remembered 1 unbeknownst 1 replacement 1 thus 1 plum 1 daily 1 bits 1 bright 1 nails 1 roman 1 waste 1 changes 1 hold 1 asleep 1 thrilled 1 populated 1 rating 1 prison 1 regeneration 1 sons 1 disguise 1 tracks 1 others 1 larger 1 tomfoolery 1 campaign 1 compromising 1 sector 1 sneaky 1 nano - bots 1 fault 1 here 1 shade 1 pinhole 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 clay 1 eternity 1 jangled 1 ass 1 anon 1 gravitational 1 honeys 1 zapped 1 chain 1 rack 1 repopulate 1 admittedly 1 reset 1 lives 1 reply 1 clones 1 book 1 hollywood 1 saltes 1 put 1 passage 1 scuttled 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 dissect 1 fake 1 though 1 dinner 1 attack 1 operating 1 secret 1 betwixt 1 extract 1 sprouting 1 dreamers 1 atmospheric 1 collar 1 riffle 1 squat 1 slapping 1 wheedling 1 mood 1 flea- 1 thwarted 1 x - ray 1 quenching 1 scriven 1 cameras 1 resists 1 dignify 1 whiteness 1 unnerved 1 scientist 1 imagination 1 tripping 1 path 1 sporination 1 stout 1 single 1 observe 1 masticates 1 craze 1 reactions 1 dimension 1 television 1 faded 1 scan 1 swung 1 foothills 1 fourth 1 crocodile 1 scrawled 1 bum 1 scheduled 1 configured 1 properties 1 archetypes 1 fro 1 amphibian 1 latent 1 led 1 points 1 covers 1 thread 1 justice 1 sower 1 slanted 1 dam 1 dreams 1 track 1 weird 1 acted 1 milkshake 1 copped 1 bust 1 oily 1 echoes 1 backstop 1 erase 1 someday 1 insensate 1 attended 1 train 1 comatose 1 celestial 1 inconceivable 1 blew 1 onions 1 spring 1 gusher 1 studded 1 singular 1 newborn 1 cheat 1 corner 1 sallow 1 cocktail 1 complicated 1 empty 1 nukes 1 equal 1 ftl 1 slaughter 1 concentrate 1 depopulating 1 longer 1 surprising 1 scores 1 mankind 1 calculations 1 welts 1 steps 1 limp 1 press 1 scared 1 ground 1 fantastical 1 languished 1 historians 1 reintroduce 1 malice 1 leaf 1 tech 1 explore 1 resembles 1 timeline 1 executions 1 half - million 1 rushed 1 masters 1 further 1 base 1 congruent 1 randomly 1 spy 1 slingshot 1 puppets 1 territorial 1 step 1 mesh 1 activates 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 metaphorical 1 roughly 1 names 1 centuries 1 crowded 1 forehead 1 loop 1 stretches 1 magnitudes 1 throne 1 twin 1 weakly 1 briefly 1 color 1 fancy 1 instead 1 exposed 1 ozone 1 diagrams 1 lightless 1 throb 1 c 1 shabby 1 low 1 pure 1 poetic 1 elixirs 1 modification 1 paul 1 held 1 gene 1 smarter 1 temptation 1 flabby 1 screams 1 minute 1 purposes 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 linear 1 school 1 self - replicating 1 ennui 1 officer 1 circumstances 1 wings 1 cave 1 fell 1 enemy 1 courage 1 snap 1 nagging 1 expired 1 vermin 1 stroke 1 sandals 1 lobotomized 1 republic 1 heavy 1 petting 1 shrieked 1 drove 1 dome 1 dormant 1 ate 1 stem 1 bursting 1 programming 1 swapped 1 draw 1 stalked 1 throughout 1 alas 1 correct 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 reign 1 rehabilitation 1 spinning 1 skies 1 five 1 slinky 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 heightened 1 jelly 1 multiplying 1 promptly 1 spiny 1 bunnies 1 tell 1 supremely 1 inhospitable 1 blackest 1 falls 1 sectors 1 elephants 1 specialist 1 irritated 1 babies 1 sunset 1 fired 1 shirt 1 cloud 1 tasks 1 bloom 1 gotten 1 balance 1 modern 1 lurch 1 short 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 subatomic 1 paid 1 resultant 1 chance 1 millions 1 majority 1 moderately 1 basics 1 carry 1 name 1 door 1 sleeping 1 genghis 1 guilt 1 edgewise 1 schmuck 1 non - euclidian 1 yokohama 1 nullify 1 exiled 1 require 1 sides 1 philosophy 1 ride 1 mouse 1 dick - stiffening 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 tongues 1 defiance 1 rear 1 avoided 1 vacationed 1 listen 1 bought 1 fur 1 principles 1 incomparable 1 remain 1 quarter 1 underground 1 rend 1 lap 1 tormented 1 cask 1 mused 1 reduced 1 trousers 1 nearer 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 leap 1 fought 1 tachyon 1 persons 1 jr 1 superpowers 1 contrail 1 room 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 saw 1 demonstrated 1 revive 1 consumed 1 scene 1 athens 1 chopping 933 .
the apartment , however , was not an innocent entity , a feeling that grew in eerie proportions upon marks senses as he straightened up and gazed with uncomfortable fascination at the living room wall that was shared between flats .
in either realm , mark and mars were both invisible entities in the world at large , which perhaps was nt as bad as it seemed on the surface , since the experiences as of late had become so intensely complicated .
mark and mars connor were entities made of smoke to their peers , spirits that dissipated the second they left the hospital lab .
dr . nash felt that his own daughters were displaced entities .
what we were looking at was a locked battle between two powerful entities , but the power struggle was uneven .
in any case , you are the person the entity has hand picked .
i guess you re a visible entity now , nathan said , nodding in the direction of dr . horihitos steps .
i used to fancy that life was a positive and perpetual entity , and that by consuming a multitude of live things , no matter how low in the scale of creation , one might indefinitely prolong life .
the eyes of some inconceivable , malevolent entity , from some frozen hell of the far - off , night - black cosmic void !
the delightful , human boy i had known was fearly changed : it was as if his fair body had been seized by some demoniac entity .
* * * * steele -- or the alien entity that ruled the boy 's fair body -- glided with sinister grace into the room .
the parts evidently had been made to fit the specifications -- as nearly as these entities could comprehend those specifications with their imperfect knowledge of english .
i could well believe the part of the story about those strangely malignant entities stealing the bodies of women and animals .
his lapse of memory is quite natural , she says , since his mind was sleeping while the alien entity ruled his body .
i detested the removal of the body and the mess it left behind , but such entities were the vestiges of the ultimate plan , the by - products of success .
no roads other than the one they headed on which technically was n't even an official road , it was a moldy path fortunately in the shape of a one - lane road , trees , rocks , the wide blue raging , splashing river dominating all that they saw before them , and barely an entity in sight .
other things , too , had begun to blot out patches of stars west of her , as if a flock of vague entities were flapping thickly and silently out of that inaccessible cave in the face of the precipice .
all was blackness beneath as the fluttering legion surged northward amidst rushing winds and invisible laughter in the aether , and never a shantak or less mentionable entity rose from the haunted wastes to pursue them .
unswerving and obedient to the foul legate 's orders , that hellish bird plunged onward through shoals of shapeless lurkers and caperers in darkness , and vacuous herds of drifting entities that pawed and groped and groped and pawed ; the nameless larvae of the other gods , that are like them blind and without mind , and possessed of singular hungers and thirsts onward unswerving and relentless , and tittering hilariously to watch the chuckling and hysterics into which the risen song of night and the spheres had turned , that eldritch scaly monster bore its helpless rider ; hurtling and shooting , cleaving the uttermost rim and spanning the outermost abysses ; leaving behind the stars and the realms of matter , and darting meteor - like through stark formlessness toward those inconceivable , unlighted chambers beyond time wherein azathoth gnaws shapeless and ravenous amidst the muffled , maddening beat of vile drums and the thin , monotonous whine of accursed flutes .
the obvious explanation for your situation is that your old however many times great grandfather somehow upset an entity in our sister dimension , who has since been wreaking revenge upon his bloodline .
i felt like a presence within level zeronot a human one , just an entity of thought .
all four of the entities reacted in unison as their werewolf instincts sniffed a disturbance in the lining of the atmosphere .
ill get rid of the entity , but the only way i can be sure that it works is if you re in there with me .
when dealing with demonic entities , however , the laws of physics went out the window .
it was a favorite among demonic entities , meant to inspire terror and dread .
mccoy gave his departure only passing attention ; his eyes were fixed on the evil entity in front of him .
obviously , the entity was inferring that it need not harm mccoy because someone or something else was going to , thus saving it the trouble .
as a youngster , even though he had the ability to see and sense the fey and other paranormal entities , he had not been afraid of the town or most of its surrounding area .
the word effectively bound the entity , preventing it from escaping to another plane .
baracheck , as stunned as the others over the demons sudden appearance , nonetheless raised the firearm and blasted a round at the evil entity .
since demons are not particularly susceptible to iron , this served only to piss the entity off .
vulnerable or not , the entity was far from defenseless .
almost as a single entity , the poppet / monkeys charged the oncoming sluagh onslaught .
with the majority of the horde now engaged on the other front , the entity was able to slay enough of its foes to gain some breathing room .
the entity turned its head to see mccoy , winded but irate , scrambling to get on top of it .
the entity snapped its head forward in an attempt to bite mccoy , but the handler deftly dodged the attack and planted a punch of his own on the demons snout .
as it was , locked in hand - to - hand combat with the entity , it would be nearly impossible to do .
the entity , however , had refocused its attention on amanda .
it seems the day is mine , after all , the entity cackled .
the entity shook as it tried in vain to free itself and gave off weak bursts of hellfire , which were ineffective since there was no human soul to consume .
in that case he absolutely had to separate the destiny of those two entities detaching her from the subject that it tied her together .
it imbues him some earth for then to evaporate in sky and to deliver to the entity spiritual the quintessences of the immanent world , which celestial entities pour in it their imprint .
it imbues him some earth for then to evaporate in sky and to deliver to the entity spiritual the quintessences of the immanent world , which celestial entities pour in it their imprint .
there was a deep root , invisible to the common eyes deadly , but immense and powerful to his / her eyes of occultist , that it inexorably dragged them toward the origin of an atavistic seed that surprised their molecules to immediately recognize , as if they belonged to an only entity .
in this place we reproduce icons of various entities that in the imaginary collective they belong only to the legends .
these entities are tightly correlated to the world , theirs respective golden riequilibrano and rivitalizzano the immense terrestrial globe , that otherwise he would extinguish shortly time .
i am tightly talking of correlated entity to the earth .
you are reporting yourself instead to celestial entity , that do n't belong that is to the earth .
about that malefic entity did n't know how to make sense of the origin , neither so much i lead the aesthetics of the face .
yes , because by now that mysterious world it was convinced it belonged to someone , you / he / she had been an entity or a simple energy , it always had also a conscience or a default plan .
it reflected few instants , the head still feeling himself / herself / itself with trembling hand to appraise the entity of the wound , and it drew a sigh of relief verified him to have only a wide excoriation , perhaps due to something that was fallen him in head during the escape .
the dmt had opened wide only me visions of natural entity , beings half man and animal half .
she kicked at it as if it were a corporeal entity .
they re little balls of light that zip around that some people think are actually entities .
but fueling the fires of their impending doom are the evil entities who haunt the home .
jan starts getting haunted by spooky voices and freaky visions ( or lack of visions in one chilling scene , she does nt reflect in an antique mirror ) , and her little sister ellie ( kyle richards ) , seems oddly possessed by an entity who likes to write backwards .
based on a true story ( ick ) , the entity tells the story of carlas ( barbara hershey ) repeated rapes by an evil , unseen entity .
based on a true story ( ick ) , the entity tells the story of carlas ( barbara hershey ) repeated rapes by an evil , unseen entity .
this transgression of foulness , this blasphemous entity that stood only yards in front of him , was the evil incarnate conception of such things only beheld in the terror - filled nightmares of the hysterically mad and criminally insane .
as the flames began to engulf my body i could feel the dormant ancestral power within me begin to animate and course its way through my veins , and in an instant , my whole being was possessed by the entity of the supreme mother .
an extra - terrestrial biological entity the scientist confirmed , noticing his patients distinct lack of knowledge surrounding all things otherworldly .
i d listened to my grandma cry for two nights in a row , crying while i lay in bed , fists clenched , cursing every living person and unknown entity i could conjure .
to josh , god had always been some invisible entity up in heaven looking down on the people of earth like an arrogant overseer , too holy to hear his subjects unless they remained perfect , which his subjects correctly admitted was impossible .
the couples eyes darted around the room trying in vain to see a distortion , a shadow , or even a breeze blowing past indicating there may be some kind of entity among them .
occasionally it 'd be spam that filtered through the dam set up by the people in charge of such things , sent by malicious entities that somehow had access to our private , segregated internal email addresses .
an unknown entity in full haz - mat suit has the uncanny ability to pop a balloon full of fear and spray everyone with a fine mist .
or soon my gargling stomach will attract every carnivorous entity in a five mile radius . ''
like a single entity , the mass of bodies began surging up the red wall .
another entity dwelt within him .
the similarities between the two entities could not be coincidental .
my guess is they were either some form of corporeal illusion or a minor paranormal entity normally too weak to be a credible threat . ''
a faceless , nameless entity is chasing us , using the undead as its host .
but he should have looked back like the other apparitions ; he could nt see what she could see another half - life swelling out and assembling itself with a deliberate purpose , propelling its existence as the night rolled forward and settled , throwing them into the past an entity with familiar features , with a diseased , bleeding face and wounds exposing glimpses of bone .
instead , following her stare , he wheeled around , and could only stumble back with his arms crossed in front of his head as the murderous entity rushed toward him and grasped his neck ; with one hand , lifted him kicking and punching into the air - and thrust a knife up through his chin , and , with another brutal effort , further into his head , splintering bone and contorting his face .
but the relief failed to prevent her imagination from manifesting other entities in the murkier places , silent watchers waiting for the right moment .
the only glimpse of detail was the volatile features of their faces black masks which briefly swelled out from nothing , and stared at her until the entities extended themselves too far and the faces fell away .
no more , she pleaded , seeing him now , turning and clinging to him , waiting for the next entity to show her their death .
satisfied , the entities drew back as they lost their substance , rapidly dissolving into shapeless shadows , into fragments , into nothing .
the entity was inside her ; she could see through its eyes .
as she followed his gaze , the half - formed , grinning face of the entity was already in her mind ; she realized she was afraid to look at it again it had no right to exist .
her body shook uncontrollably as she reached under the corpses arms and carried it back with her through the hole in the wall into the small room ; and pulled the cold , shrivelled body against her as the entity appeared in the doorway and entered the room .
that was the downside to serving dark entities from beyond the great divide ; they would be over there waiting on you once you left this plane of existence , and you would leave once they rescinded the immortality .
this time he would be up against the old ones and a mysterious watcher , an entity that could see - without - being - seen .
he had an idea the problem had to do with a corporate entity known as osmosis , and he figured he knew where their headquarters were .
this thing to which his family had been bound was no benevolent entity ; it was simply the enemy of reverend goodsteads dark mother .
i did not need any sex hungry ghostly , spiritual entities to fulfill me .
i was starting to feel like the entity before me was sent to delay me or stop me altogether .
this little girl ghost , or entity or whatever , was between me and my love .
we actually like the human sexual act better than all the other entities we encounter .
the only way to get there was through the mist of this entity .
the entities of the mist , silly .
the entities of the mist did not see my chance of dying as a bad thing .
air can not make a new deal with you to break the deal with the mist entities .
even as a spiritual entity , they would probably still kick your butt .
i can see the other two now , moving like a single entity .
that new start had been interrupted by the love of kathy at the same time that a new revelation of god or , as the entities in the mist called him , the creator of life , took hold in his life .
she had been forced to choose between having the child of a monster named gol or dying and living eternally in the mist with the other entities of that plane of existence .
it was inside the mist he met marcie and emil , two entities who had been killed too early in life and chosen to live out their eternities in the mist , a plane of existence that transected many other planes of existence giving them extensive coverage and maneuverability .
anyone entering the mist now was at the mercy of the entities of the mist .
they could enjoy the pleasures of the universe in relation to the plan the creator of life intended for all living entities .
separate entities from different worlds , if you will .
just when i start feeling human again , some evil entity from another plain comes knocking at my door .
he loved the stimulation of the sparkling contact with the entities in the mist as he slowly moved through the dampness and swayed with his arm movements .
sharing fluids with entities from other planes of existence .
john lazily swirled his arms inviting and exciting the myriad display of sparks from the contact made with the energized entities of the mist while they slowly strolled among the roots and soft earth of the woods where the mist resided .
you mean there is blood in the entities of the other planes ?
some spiritual entities move through the cloud planes .
spiritual entities have greater abilities in their plane than they have in yours .
the group left mary kings close and walked down the damp streets to the south bridge vaults talking animatedly about what kind of supernatural entities they might encounter during the next tour .
these ... entities have a way of misrepresenting themselves .
it was all becoming one entity , and he started to feel claustrophobic .
they were insane rules concocted by an enigmatic spiritual bureaucracy , perhaps by the very cosmological entities that decided that daylight should burn vampires and silver bullets should kill werewolves .
his vision blurred and the church transformed into a glass menagerie of distorted shapes and figures , entities of pure evil .
what drove and motivated such entities ?
boondocks was an evil entity that resembled a tempest in one of jupiters bands , and all of its dark energy circled around that wickedness that lived inside the mirrors hub .
the boys let out a mean spirited laugh that swarmed inside the car like a ruthless and antagonizing entity .
the dark entity did nt answer at first .
grandmother had believed there was a conscious entity at the root of chaos ; a being or beings that wielded evil as a tool to an end .
those people had been noticed by the entity , the source of her half power , the source of her grandmothers power .
other books by george esler line of sight : a jake presnall novel a vicious supernatural entity , conjured by profane and forbidden magic , is prowling the darkened alleys and backstreets of new orleans .
or is it an entity with cruel intent ?
almiras chant was nt necessary this time as she felt each of the entities enter her body .
cursed everything , every entity she could think to curse .
supernatural entities that , somehow , were plaguing her dead daughter .
the unconscious mind dreamed up a powerful entity in order to save its conscious partner .
if the entity could nt pry it up it stayed put .
the whole entity now popped out of the poster and began moving toward him .
it was no longer a dead , non - living entity anymore ; there was life in it , and it seemed to wriggle out of his very grasp .
shawn believed that because of their vulnerability to the light , as with most dark entities , they came to western europe .
alexander knew that vampires had made the public believers of entities who took human form .
curses of wicked entities such as gargoyles were not simply physical , but spiritual as well .
telling them they could come face to face with an entity so ruthless would ve caused them to prematurely shoot any and everyone that walked in their direction .
unknown to them , the people responsible were also creatures who possessed the spirit of entities from another realm .
but not even he had ever seen a gargoyle or any type of living entity in beastly form , cry tears of sadness .
she knew that unlike fire , flames did nt prowl the streets at night furthering the exploits of evil entities that fed on others .
with each entity he killed , he believed in his heart that he could somehow right the past because he felt he had nt done so the first time .
they misunderstood that earthly weapons , and physical attributes alone could never bind satan or defeat any of the entities that walked upon the continent like rats who infested cargo ships .
for reasons unknown , the lamp located near the unseen entity , came back on .
his brain ran around in circles searching for a way to keep his promise and defeat the extraordinary entities that were specifically concentrated in that region of czechoslovakia .
he prayed for understanding and guidance and yet , had nt received an answer that enabled him to comprehend what kind of entities inhabited the planet .
others thought he was insane to search for supernatural entities such as vampires and other ghoulish creatures during the overnight hours .
however , a horrible chorus of lost souls cascaded so loud that whatever approached seemed to be transporting every evil entity along for the ride .
people who volunteer to do the bidding for the depraved are always the source of energy and power that entities like her feed off .
the boys body was at rest and could never be used by any entity again .
they had in their midst an entity that was unstoppable if she ever wanted to unleash her full wrath on them .
this fog was mixed with the spirit of death that was summoned by him to destroy every undead entity that night .
on the contrary , they were inhabited by a league of entities that had been on earth long before they were born .
this adversary , this fallen angel , this conscious entity dwelling within this woman had once seen the face of god .
these would be comprehensible entities , for they have relations with men , depending upon them for worship or sacrifice , whereas these beings who are now about us have absolutely nothing to do with mankind , and it is mere chance that their space happens just at this spot to touch our own . ''
since your kind is far to primitive to understand what 's really happening here , let me address the slightly more advanced entity in the room .
i preferred to let them remain hidden , a powerful emotion living beyond the grave , but not entities that were interested in , or even capable of , plucking rose petals off a blossom and tearing them into shreds like secret notes that had been passed between lovers back when there was no texting or i m available to communicate your passionate thoughts .
they almost seemed to glow with a dark , black aura that blended at the edges into a murky red , pulling them into a single entity of grief and rage and all the sorrow of life .
it did nt matter that they wove tales of an entity so depraved that not one adult would set foot near the forest at night .
elsewhere , somewhere , or perhaps nowhere , beyond everything satan had ever created , salvation awaited the conqueror of the universe , for whosoever survived armageddon , whomever became the last entity or pair of soulmates left alive at the end of time , would become the jh'a'vyraa , the messiah of death , and attain infinite peace .
like one hundred congenitally joined twins , like a tantric orgy , like a living labyrinth , the grotesquely intricate torture device was one amalgamated entity .
faces began to emerge from the depths as the elemental entity gained power , eyes and mouths aligning on the surface , complete with horned heads and scarlet hair .
swarms of flies were set afire as a single entity , glowing like will - o - the - wisps for a few moments before dropping one by one to the ground .
` ` i see you have evolved into a powerful entity , a demon worthy of becoming the jh'a'vyraa .
one siamese twin at a time , the tantradox 's two souls traveled in and out of their respective body - halves , joining their astrosomes so that they would now astrally project as a single entity , and , if ever they were damned to hell , they would be eternally tortured as one single spirit .
drelrei and junisia had been permanently fused into the tantradox , and , together , as a single entity , they shared a single dream , a single destiny , and a single raison'd'etre : to slay the universe so they could be alone , in siamese twin sadomasochistic ecstasy , for all of eternity , the way true incubus and succubus lovers should be .
the scales did not form one continuous integument , however , but were each a separate entity , phalanges and genitals rustling in the winds like hair or fields of grass , parting and rearranging .
the forest of flesh was one continuous conjoined entity , a million souls sharing one piece of flesh , the apotheosis of the tantradox 's sorcery .
so , by becoming siamese twins with satan , be it as an individual or as a universe , you can never become the jh'a'vyraa , and since the ultimate goal of every sentient entity is to become the jh'a'vyraa , this union is either impossible or one that would nullify your very existence .
therefore , i do not believe it would be possible to add satan to this all - encompassing entity . ''
worse yet , he had angered the many entities which comprised the treetops , and found himself assaulted by striking cobras and bludgeoning fists , knocking him further below the surface .
manticores , basilisks , griffins , hippogriffs , leucrotas , cockatrices , and sphinxes all made their way to the plains , followed by herds of conjoined dinosaurs and packs of conjoined beasts , and all manner of hybrids , cross - breeds , mutations , and geryons from the tantradox ' genetic farms , including demons with animal heads , animals with demon heads , and every species of fauna indigenous to elasvai sewn , grafted , and welded to members of different species in infinite combinations , as well as an entire pack of wolves which had been surgically combined into one massive , multiple lupine entity , and a pride of lions to which had been done the same .
` ` take thy humiliation and thy dismemberment and flee into your gardens , to live your lives in torture and despair , and know that when you return , with your hearts full of vengeance and your eyes bright with scorn , i shall sunder thee again , and send thy souls separately to hell , damning you to be eternally ... '' the necrodelic paused , looming over the fallen entity he had ripped in twain from atop the bloodstained altar , then breathed forth the fires of hell over their bleeding bodies , to cauterize their wounds so that they might flee in each other 's arms and be forced to live their lives as two , and in the streams of flame that burst from his blackened lips could be heard the final word of his curse , like thunder and gongs and poltergeists .
the entities in the opium topiaries were beginning to move , some aging and dying .
his long black hair began to raise and whip around him like a living entity .
he saw himself at every point he had traversed , a continuous black entity illuminating the path through the maze , chariah after chariah after chariah , an infinity of necrodelics .
for the first time in years , they made love as two entities , each feeling the unbearable pangs of separation in their souls as well as their bodies , druglike withdrawal symptoms and addictive cravings for conjoinment racking their flesh like illness and poison .
the spikes tore puncture wounds in their backs as they thrust against one another , pain and pleasure joining into one siamese twin entity in their conjoined bodies , and culminating in a simultaneous orgasm that was at once both unbearable ecstasy and excruciating torment , nirvana and hell in a double helix of light and darkness , sex and death , that possessed drelrei 's phallus like angry ghosts and their poltergeists , ejaculating fire and ice , attacking junisia 's womb like a rabid demon from within .
each time , the crimson blade of the soul cleaver passed through the necrodelic like he was an apparition , or an entity composed of black amorphous fluids , leaving behind neither scratch nor scar , nor even a ripple while it penetrated him .
the necrodelic removed the soul cleaver from the parapet , held it for a moment , but then , remembering the way it had turned morpheus rex into two separate entities , was assailed with visions of the janus kraken becoming fourfold if he struck it with the spirit - sundering blade .
` ` she always said that he brought an evil entity into our family and cast a spell on us .
the energy was not a solid thing , it was an entity that was connected to a much larger force that was made up of billions of other souls or spirits and energy .
` ` he was an evil entity that did n't need to be in this world .
she knew this entity when he was a flesh and blood man , and i hated her for that .
as i watched him vanish into a soft mist that faded away , i knew that he was no ordinary spiriti knew that he was a dangerous entity that could be in some corner of another realm planning his revenge , but i also knew that i was hopelessly in love with him .
when he spoke to me , i trembled as i knew i was in the presence of an unearthly being , an entity from a domain forbidden to mortal men .
the glowing entity spoke , but the words sounded as if they were coming from afar , not even in the same room .
it was a cry of agony , the scream of something - a single entity , and aware , clay was certain of it - that had awakened from deep sleep to find it was burning alive .
would it be surprising for such an entity - such a raging entity - to confuse justice and vengeance ? ''
would it be surprising for such an entity - such a raging entity - to confuse justice and vengeance ? ''
if that 's true , it 's the best reason i ever heard for living in the past , jonesy replied , but from mr gray there was no answer , mr gray as an entity , a consciousness , was gone , merged back into the cloud .
then mr gray as an entity - something that could actually be hated - was gone again , replaced by the cloud jonesy had first experienced back in the cabin when the creature 's head had exploded .
if you could come back as a physical entity , would you still be mr gray ?
the cop was working his pie - with slightly suspicious slowness , jonesy thought - and as they passed him , jonesy felt mr gray as an entity ( an ever more human entity ) dissolve , going out to peek inside the cop 's head .
the cop was working his pie - with slightly suspicious slowness , jonesy thought - and as they passed him , jonesy felt mr gray as an entity ( an ever more human entity ) dissolve , going out to peek inside the cop 's head .
that 's what she always called them , barbieken , as if they were a single entity .
17 the entity which now thought of itself as mr gray - who thought of himself as mr gray - had a serious problem , but at least it ( he ) knew it .
dying , the entity once known as mr gray reverted to its former state .
an entity that was wearing elizabeth eastlake 's old , doughy body like a sock .
they ... they might not be the same thing , goody laughed in an embarrassed who - am - i - to - stick - my - oar - in way , and jessie had a moment to think again how surpassingly odd it was to feel a part of yourself laughing like that , as if it really were an entirely separate entity .
he could create an all but incomprehensible tapestry of effects by manipulating every entity within the house , shifting from one to the other , always in the background - as florence had said , a general with his army .
what about the other entities she 'd contacted since monday ?
the furious entity on the staircase to the basement who had called this house a ` ` goddamn sewer . ''
neither does that of his son or any of the so - called entities you have believed yourself in contact with .
had there ever been such an entity , or had it , too , been a segment of florence 's personality ?
he listened to the entire sitting : the rumbling voice of the indian ; the description of the caveman entity ; the ` ` arrival '' of ` ` the young man '' ; the hysterical voice , threatening them ; the fierce percussions ; barrett 's voice describing the unexpected onset of physical phenomena .
there 's never been anything like it in the history of haunted houses : a single personality so powerful that he could create what seemed to be a complex multiple haunting ; one entity appearing to be dozens , imposing endless physical and mental effects on those who entered his house - utilizing his power like some soloist performing on a giant , hellish console . ''
she came to me and told me what she thought - that belasco controlled the haunting by manipulating every other entity in the house .
if i 'd been a regular marshal he 'd have been more in charge of me , and edward , but the preternatural branch was rapidly becoming its own entity , which meant marshal raborn was frustrated .
his mother was a devout catholic who would die of breast cancer in 1962 , four years after patrick was consumed by the dark entity which existed in and below derry .
there are times when i have to deal with entities not of this realm , and i need a base from which i can make contact . ''
there was nothing for that hideous entity outside the window to hold onto ; his room was on the second floor and there was no ledge .
` ` no , '' i said , ` ` but there are spells that impact other preternatural entities .
but spirits , entities , demons , and other things like it . ''
of course , mediums and psychics claim that the planchette is moved by entities from the spirit world - ` ` another burst of hysterical laughter came from the girls clustered around the board .
what he wanted were pencils stark had never touched , either as a part of thad or as a separate entity .
other forms of artificial intelligence and pseudo - cognitive technologies had means by which to directly communicate with similarly - constituted entities .
the papers covered every aspect of their connection to fat chance and a long list of associated parties and entities .
the further away our citizens moved from those roots , the less viable we became as an economic entity .
we are currently the longest surviving sovereign entity on the planet .
at times like this , i lamented not having an irrational belief in an ethereal entity like so many others did .
it was foolish to call upon an entity that did nt exist , or if existed , was malevolent .
is that some sort of in - joke that neither me nor any separate entity following this story from an unseen perspective would understand ?
had that entity been rescued ?
i did nt imagine it could possibly raise entities of any kind , demonic or otherwise .
yet again i was seeing another side of the demon veronica ; a much softer one than you 'd usually expect for a fallen entity such as herself .
` ` i ' m a fallen entity .
when presented by unknown entities , always ask a lot of questions .
he toured the world in search of a godhead , indisputable proof of a divine entity , a search that brought him , through anna , via palmersville , to ileum , the mother metropolis .
her occupancy still disturbed him , the entity that had moved into her vacant shell a predatory unknown .
he only managed to quickly murmur a bit of a desperate prayer to the various entities he worshipped in the intention of keeping his helmet intact .
roseduck quietly thanked all the supernatural entities he did n't really believe in for the inspiration to shave off his goatee .
or perhaps both we and the martians were visited by entirely different entities at some stage in our distant past .
we are three separate entities sharing one collective expressive .
we are the magwanvu : three separate entities sharing one collective expressive .
why ca n't i be an eternal entity with no beginning or end ?
it explained the entities naivety as it watched the couple , perceiving nothing but the fresh aroma of love between a blossoming life - long partner - ship .
although it had been fair to say his poem about a rabbit 's day in a field of barley had been a little too dramatic , he 'd somewhat missed the true horror of sid 's exposed entity , but he was fairly new to the poetry game and still had a lot to learn .
as if it were a single monstrous entity begging for scientific categorization , if not explanation , he would have studied it in the same cool , detached way a microbiologist cleaves a thin slice of a communal life from wriggling pond scum onto a glass slide and examines it beneath a microscope lens .
it was great fun to see their entity being given such promotional effort .
keeping to his promise and aided by randolph cuffburn , gabriel worked tirelessly to end past practices of greed and malfeasance among the numerous governmental and business entities in the city .
we ' ve already encountered a few ... entities , i guess , out there that are more powerful than we really are .
although an individual dressed in black and white stood in stark contrast against the offices uninspired shades of brown , as a crowd they blended together creating a single , confusing entity .
we bow to no one and nothing , especially not some faceless entity possessing some magical talent !
a god - like entity threatened to defile the sacred grounds of my forefathers if i did not take you .
god - like entity ?
why would a god - like entity want the king of the dragons to kidnap me ?
though if a god - like entity was pulling the strings , i did nt know what .
a mysterious god - like entity blackmails the king of the dragons into kidnapping me and wiping out the vampires .
unfortunately , you are not prepared for the consequences you have brought on yourself by provoking the entity who now torments you .
what entity could possibly take pity on us ?
i did nt even know if such an entity existed .
his blond hair and deep grey - blue eyes were a most extraordinary entity to her .
it was difficult not to think of her as an entity composed entirely of sugar , sweet as she was in appearance and demeanor .
the ghost , or spirit or entity or whatever you want to call it , of my hippie father just pops in to check on me once in awhile .
for the non - philosophers among us , laplace 's demon is a hypothetical entity which , supposedly , would be able to know everything that has ever happened and ever will happen simply by knowing the location and movement of every atom in the universe .
however , now that i knew i would be making my pitch to quinn instead of some unknown entity , i was beginning to have second thoughts about the initiative .
your subliminal references and accusations that our citizens are not of the highest caliber , worthy of any station , be it of god or any other entity .
the church of spiritual flower studies owned the other parts of the religious outfit , an intricate web of thirty two entities , among them copyright , patent and trademark divisions owning and amending the official scriptures of the church , including the book decadence , computer - led management centers , foundations , orientation groups and video making units like the telval adult production studios , publicity agents for expensive beauty products such as elony , a lab of artificial ingredients , international lobbying advocates and think tanks , fund raisers , a real estate division , underground facilities , various business units , high finance investment units , funds and global trading areas , one network of opinion leaders , and various authorization and verification groups .
helstof had brought the borzoi , the entity that had started all this by crashing head first into a three hundred year old desk , thus revealing its hidden compartment .
at her house , gale crawled through websites , finding footage on all the entities that had sent crews and reporters .
she asked slowly in a thick russian accent , treating each word as if it were its own entity .
how can someone have great faith in their judgments and actions while at the same time be oblivious to themselves as entities in space and time ?
they thought this was a gathering of artsy types , working to open a new cultural facility devoted to ballet , in a town filled with cultural facilities and artistic entities , and here they were , associating with a bunch of cultural gangsters .
the mayor , the naacp , the chamber of commerce , the charleston tourism bureau , the aclu , the president of the college of charleston , and about 100 other political and cultural entities screamed bloody murder , which was lost on the russians .
then he asked about his next curiosity , what is the most permanent entity in your creation ?
even though you may have chosen to remain ignorant about your real entity , yet you can not do away with this eternal rule of attaining immortality .
you will come to know the highest order of your entity when there will remain no you ; but instead remaining in you will be your eternal oneness with your self alone .
when i was a kid , i learned to view them as separate entities .
will 's eyes tried to focus on the area where he thought her head was , but were unable to positively identify the strangely effervescent entity .
now tommy struck back , asking , any nationality or cultural entity of a boyfriend you have nt had ?
` ` i keep hanging out with you , i 'll get arrested for something i did n't do and sent away until my libido is nothing but a faint memory , or roger will shoot me , or i tell the wrong person i know a talking dog and they have me committed , or ... . '' me : next stud is n't a complete entity , just a voice .
all the entities quieted down , and those with eyes looked at us with curiosity .
jones and i assumed that leboo was speaking of some godlike entity which lived on the mountain .
and although his exterior may have grown and become what it was that day , to pretend that the entity that inhabited that body was not the same as had inhabited it at earlier stages of his life seemed somehow a fraud .
suddenly the path took a turning and macklin found himself on the unkempt grounds of a gothic mansion ; a hulking , somber pile of stones that seemed to hoard the shadows , gathering darkness into itself like a malignant entity brooding on destruction .
the mere thought of it filled him with terror as well as an inexpressible yearning for power and glory , and revenge against all of the jocks and glamorous entities who had made school such a harrowing experience for him .
campinas had obviously developed a new grandeur compared to the quiet underdeveloped entity that arose in my memory .
male computer experts sometimes think of their computers as females , and sometimes they think of them as evil entities .
in fact , what he saw there was a small , tattered entity , pockmarked with holes .
` ` it 's a metaphysical entity , '' said hank .
now , not only do these savages '' todd nodded over to the human ` ` continue to enslave , manipulate and murder themselves and other species such as ours , they also still believe in a non - existent entity they call ' god ' . ''
and not only do they believe in such a non - existent entity , but everything that happens in their lives , they attribute to ' god ' , whether good or bad . ''
in some citizens perception you were a martyr , but then the omnipresent entity digested you , the irritant , relentlessly .
that so many citizens were prepared to allow so much global misery , justified on all sides by one god or another , was frightening , especially when these revered entities apparently did nt demand it , or condone it , or prevent it .
it was his view that the sentencing advisory quango must be a buck - passing entity , because that is how government works so well in the eyes of those looking outward .
he characterised this entity as a regular geometric black object appearing in epoch intervals to facilitate shifts of progress in the intellectual capacity of citizens , from the dawn of complex living organisms to the present day .
apps were entities that had to survive on their own merits , not on the reputation of their creators .
there i was , a terrible mythical entity , both good and evil , provoking fear in the hearts of all who beheld me , battling the haggis - bearing polydoor with his black arts and his porridge , and now i ' m a mere father of the family , a figure of fun and derision , an ineffectual buffoon , butt of hundreds of jokes , obsolete and doomed !
in my experience , gruel is a rather thoughtless and distasteful entity . ''
` ` the prime minister is largely irrelevant in toronto because of the division of powers between provincial and federal entities .
once you d met the icicle entity , the artificial lifeforms made from old pie pans , and the microculture that had evolved from the mold in her medical fridge , teenagers were just another unpleasant fact .
almost every time i 'd spot some new entity , a plant i ' ve never encountered anywhere else , an insect having no pictorial representative i 'd ever seen before .
the egyptian , separated out from the rest of his ` ` fellows , '' was changed into the non - jewish , sacred entity known as jesus christ , and was assigned the jewish widow as a mother .
the reason was that most tourist accidents in mexico were settled not by insurance payments but by paying ' processing fees ' to the responding police entities .
and half of them were already texting various friends , relatives and other interested parties , including news outlets and mysterious entities that were known to pay for valid tips .
the government is a self - sustaining entity , whose self - interest is its own self - protection , self - aggrandization , and self - perpetuation ( protect the government genome ) .
he struggled to form their features in a cohesive form but they were nothing but faceless entities , staring from the blurred outlines of their eye sockets .
the planets , stars , black holes , and antimatter , plus the respective residents of those cosmic bodies and entities , were not so nave , foolish , or deficient in any of their intellectual faculties to the point where they could logically entertain an idea so garish to the bastions of logic , but in this place , anything was possible .
out of boredom , arthur suggested that they tell each other tales , and enjoy the entertainment that enters their entities in order to pass the time .
contents chapter sixteen the town of puddleton was a confused and suspicious entity .
the words you speak are their own entities , vying to be spoken to fulfil their purpose .
planets are possessive entities by nature .
as if one entity , the entire zombie horde even those in the throes of attack turned and swarmed toward the team .
she needs to understand that she must remain in contact with me at all times day and night and that her loyalty to me supersedes that to any and all other entities , secular or divine .
troy concluded that that sun was not one large entity , but billions of tiny entities imprisoned together against their will .
troy concluded that that sun was not one large entity , but billions of tiny entities imprisoned together against their will .
lou acted as if troy was a major entity within his life , as they had known each other since lou had entered into the hot sauce workforce .
everyones eyeballs gazed religiously towards the entity , handing over their times and lives to the glob of yellow muck that formulated an empty perception of value and importance .
everyone beneath , collected together , worshiping the undeserving entity , with their faces smiling erratically , eyes pulsating from their sockets , trying to levitate closer to their preacher , anticipating mad ted to emerge .
we are an entity attempting to survive , and this structural remodeling will ensure that our existence does not finish , and that we will exceed the limits of time and the boundaries of god , and last forever into the realm of eternity .
samuel amiable was unaware of what currency or an economy was because he was always able to get what he needed without having to barter with any physical entity with fabricated value .
but troys words and ambition that morning had injected her with the hope that she had been seeking , and was drawn to him by a force so strong that it united them into a single entity , which had powered her will towards tolerance .
your lack of productivity qualifies you as incompetent , and a valueless entity within the community of the warehouse .
he wanted to curl to the bottom of the hatchback floor , regressing into a prenatal entity , that was immune from the infections of awful , ohio .
nature judged the hatchback by its cover as it was shunned by all life - bearing entities that resided in the forest .
his vision cleared after a few reincarnating winks , and troy slushy stared up from his fallen position towards the entity that stood before him , engulfing everything that was baltazar garcia , imposing him into the realm of immortality .
doink mctriggers was the only flesh baring entity posted in the center city streets of awful , ohio , making him easy to notice .
wilsie recorded as much as she could on her pad of paper , hoping to expose mad ted as being an extraterrestrial entity .
lacy slushys body pressed hard against the frame of troy , wrapping her arms just as tightly , fusing both beings into one perfect entity .
it was incapable of direct action , for it was just an abstract entity .
but in truth they remained independent entities , even if japan continued to tear holes in the fabric of reality ( as did twenty other countries ) , and while anybody looking through those holes would see stars , that by itself was no reason to fear future outcomes , the world that would result , infinite supplies of cheap cheap energy .
literature , self - conscious and an entity , is now raising its immense head and ripping into the text because barbiedoll is a literature major and tusk is a literature major and one of the teachers this year is also a literature major .
like hell is not an actual place , the devil is not an actual entity .
if they can blame an evil entity for their negative actions then they do nt have to take responsibility for them .
the edge of time past rejoined the present to become a single entity : the circle had been closed !
for a moment they hovered above the liquid superficies , then , as a single entity , they extinguished themselves , flooding the passage , sucking him under , boiling the medium in which he had already failed to drown ... jerian floated , not even the heavy ax weighing him .
it was almost as if grandmother considered red manor to be an entity unto itself .
grandmother has always spoken of red manor as it was more of an entity , a sentient being , than just a house .
some of them are attracted to political entities like the nazis or kkk .
see her , not as a body or a human , but her as an entity unquantifiable .
[ 72 ] kealey defines hadrons as bags full of quarks , noting that the particularities of these bags define reality and give identity to every construct and entity .
but it seems they ca nt rest until they turn him into some sort of hybrid entity that is part popstar god , part benevolent dictator of all literary value , and part wizard .
he 'd called off their pursuit of the orange in the hope that that entity would return of its own accord .
each hour the mold would become a larger , more defined entity .
so many entities had been formed to investigate the causes of the rhode island banking crisis that neil was nt even clear which commission was looking at his transactions .
maybe entity would be more descriptive .
actually it is light rays of different colors and every entity here is like that .
the entity asking this is supposed to be some kind of counselor for new entrants .
fortunately , the entity running this counseling session , if that s what it is , pointed out that there would be many chances for the two of us to work out this tension between us .
after the entity had disbursed the rest of the group , she turned to me and faced me straight on .
so , we ve been watching through this special window that counselor made for us , the development of a new entity come into being .
after that a new entity begins to form .
this is the point at which many religious groups say god implants a soul and is the defining event that makes this entity a human person , instructor noted .
alicia retorted , her words perhaps only making sense to the few real entities in the room .
she dealt with three different - sized entities in three different states of mind every day for years and unending years .
he did nt take kindly to dark rooms or any yarns that promoted the belief of supernatural entities .
hrothgar neglected to offer me any further wisdom as he departed the hall , leaving me to wait in isolation for mankinds most pernicious entity .
to them , of course , a graveyard was synonymous with the ghosts , zombies , and other supernatural entities that young minds formulated from a bombardment of horror films .
since it perceived me as an entity unnatural to this islands dwellers , and mentioned a necromancer as a source of its slavery , i presumed this ogre to be the infamous but potentially misunderstood caliban .
not even an entity of divine origin could ve persuaded this choreographer of cruel intent to refrain from his vindictive vows against humanity .
but if even the slightest fissure revealed itself in this bond , the unfettered entity of lust awakened like a hibernating beast to devour what remained of untainted love .
some entities can not be vanquished , he confessed with a sigh that served as a harbinger to his own fate .
the features of this entity remained obscure and certainly not human , save for its scintillating , crimson eyes .
miles considered how these signs or godposts were nt exactly measurable entities , but still seemed to materialize and display an accuracy that seemed easily capable of scaling the hard , stone walls which border the lands of chance and mere coincidence .
hannah repeated as if speaking past her daughter , addressing some entity whose existence she had never found credible .
the entity might ask her : -what have you done that is so clever , that you try to worm in with me ?
the war department had her gigantic bulk perched daintily upon a huge waterbed , parts of which were indistinguishable from her own corporate entity .
> depends what you want ... < buy - up ... > not a physical facility , or discrete entity , nominally relative only notional value bet on an events , occurring ... > sell !
the unconscious mind is not some magical , mysterious or made - up entity .
dimensionless units of thought , bodiless entities in vague , uncolored space .
she offered her hand , a gesture momentarily lost on karen who saw this perfectly clean body part as an odd third entity , intruding .
it was my first taste of life out of school , out of the house , living on my own as a self sustained entity .
but a book is a whole other entity .
could they indeed have been distinct entities ?
and that was just one of many criteria that had to be satisfied before the courts in order for one to be declared , by their standards , a legal entity .
what results is a species of creature that can not conceptualize the possibility that sound and smell are separate entities , despite its ability to discriminate between the exactitudes of pitch , timbre , tone , scent , and flavor to an alarming degree of precision .
i am an individual entity , free from the obligations of a group .
i am an ambiguous spirit in an unambiguous state , left to settle the affairs outstanding of an entity i once may have been .
yet , now relishing the darkness that persisted amidst the rainbow of colors that adorned the wall of his cell , bunnu could imagine that the patches of light and dark were nt at all , in fact , connected , but were entities that flourished independent of one another .
in fact , the concepts of right and wrongthough he could only assume these to have been sophistic entities conjured in parallax of his circumstancesdidnt seem to factor in at all and were , thus , irrelevant .
the outer edges of this dense , concentrated particle that constituted his being , began to stretch in parallel with an irresolute plane that was adjacent in a direction from him unknowableunknowable , perhaps , due to the neurotic nature that this planar entity seemed to possess , inclining it to vacillate periodically from its original orientation and thus change its juxtaposition with respect to him , to the utter annoyance of the more steadfast amongst its brethren planeswhich impelled him , though he understood that this entity was uniquely skewed in relation to the other planes , to feel with it a kind of bond , a recognition that he might have failed to realize fully in those moments that he was otherwise distracted by his own senses .
the outer edges of this dense , concentrated particle that constituted his being , began to stretch in parallel with an irresolute plane that was adjacent in a direction from him unknowableunknowable , perhaps , due to the neurotic nature that this planar entity seemed to possess , inclining it to vacillate periodically from its original orientation and thus change its juxtaposition with respect to him , to the utter annoyance of the more steadfast amongst its brethren planeswhich impelled him , though he understood that this entity was uniquely skewed in relation to the other planes , to feel with it a kind of bond , a recognition that he might have failed to realize fully in those moments that he was otherwise distracted by his own senses .
and yet , it seemed strange that such an entity should quiver uncontrollably by simple virtue of his existence in parallel .
in fact , he was perplexed that it would see him as anything more than another entity that had come into proximity with its own domain .
the other inmates may not have been real entities , but elaborate illusions meant to deceive bunnus perceptions .
it seemed conceivable that whatever it was that was occupying the space within the suitor conversely , whatever frame the suit had chosen to woreit was , in fact , an entity ( or the inverse thereof ) that visually appealed to ones recognition of its absence ( or in some cases , to ones disregard of its presence ) by means of abstract overtures which crescendoed to the undeniable inference that in some anti - matter , contrapositive space - time , there was most certainly a similar , visibly naked organism in a conversely inverse circumstance , who consisted only of legs , hands and a head , but no torso and who had want for nothing more than a purple tuxedo ( or , at the very least , one that was magenta ) .
nonetheless , it still remained to be seen whether these entities were , in fact , words at allor if they were actually insects .
when this became possible , the mark was effectively engulfed and further absorbed by the pseudopodia of the sales organism and the buyer and seller fused together to become a solitary and distinct entity , alternating evanescently between one state and the other , according to the demands of the environment .
on the whole , a formless and faceless entity with an auspicious fate beyond the abilities of the mind to project .
parmenides held that the universe , or the state of being , is an indivisible , unchanging , spherical entity and that the notion of change or diversity is self - contradictory .
he held that such abstract entities were nothing more than references of words to other words rather than to actual things .
descartes took a subtle though enormous leap of faith when he assumed that just because thinking is perceived that there is a specific entity , or a personin other words , an ithat perceives it .
he further held that all monads were spiritual entities that could combine to form material bodies .
in fact , he maintained that political states are real entities , discrete identities , the manifestation of spirit in the world , and individual participants of history .
a common thread throughout the tao te ching is the tao ( way ) , an entity , or a concept , that both creates the world and determines how things should live .
thus , western medieval christianity , unlike its eastern counterpart , was a single entity , or strove to be one .
do we still exist as persons , as entities , as our own selves ?
you / he / she has been in that period that i have started to consider them an only entity .
and his father sped off and rolled his window up and crossed himself and promised to remove his family from this putrid malevolent area but the gypsy beggarwoman was not there when he returned in the evening and she was not there the next morning either and she must have been afraid of the police most such entities are and so the browncoat and his parents did not move .
and he said to her that he was among the loneliest people she or anyone would ever meet , and yet the supreme value of an human entity had always been for him that human entitys conversation , by which he did not at all mean that he swooned at a good kingsley amis or henry james , not at all , but in his modest appraisal the key thing about a good conversation was that it should be utterly unlike his own .
what a strange concept it is , that an anatomical entity , such as a mouth , could be used for two such differing functions : eating and speaking .
in fact , viruses and prions that do have some properties of life are considered non - living entities because they do nt have dna and rna .
and when your eyes meet for the first time and smiles creep up suddenly , you will feel your soul as if it were a physical entity , dancing around inside of you .
a government must never consider itself to be a self - contained entity .
your twin soul can not be an entity that you want to connect with to feel more complete and whole within yourself .
all living people on earth are physical , so when you meet your twin soul , you will meet a human being with human feelings , not just a perfect soul entity that can give you everything you feel missing inside of you .
after a traumatic incident in which he learned of what he assumed to be his true origins , he left soldier and civilization altogether with plans to become a god - like entity by wounding gaia with meteor and absorbing the entirety of the lifestream into himself .
in that moment , the feeling of what she had seen lingered with such intensity that it seemed there could be no other answer : somewhere out there , she was convinced , in a place where time is of no consequence or meaning , there existed these master creators jealous and spiteful entities who had been plotting to undermine earth and the physical realm .
this cd was intended eventually to be played beside the person 's death - bed in the hope that listening to his or her own child voice describing the other side and another life would ease the transition for the now aged entity about to cross over .
within the extended cruising family clan citizen anthropologists have been able to isolate six specific levels of archetypal entities .
the sixth and most obscure level of coastal cruiser was occupied by the entity known as the selkie .
hence , if an entity wished to be a young female human for the two hours it would take to complete the tour , then it would be wise for that entity to select a pale pink wafer .
hence , if an entity wished to be a young female human for the two hours it would take to complete the tour , then it would be wise for that entity to select a pale pink wafer .
of the nineteen , one entity , appearing as a rather elderly man in dark , conservative dress , stood off by himself trying to conceal the hint of a smile .
just below the surface rode an entity of awesome proportion .
he was an amorphous , plastic - fantastic entity that grows and glows and shrinks and gives off curious odors that ranged from subtly pleasant to most foul indeed .
in the course of the tour harry learned that each level of the subterranean complex harbored entities of bolder and more vibrant color and combinations of color .
over time , perhaps hundreds of years , each entity would have the opportunity to examine his or her own problems , and gradually , through understanding , become one unified color or another and then , by diminishing the intensity of their individual color , process up through the levels until they finally became as clear and innocent once again as children and went spilling out of the cave mouth in the infrared stream of emotional run - off .
` ` each color has its positive , as well as negative aspects , but in trapped entities , the light does not seem to pass through , but remains trapped within , with seemingly no means of escape .
tears fell from his eyes as he recalled witnessing , for the first time , a spiritual entity , long - entrapped within the passion of its own prejudice , finally succeed in thawing itself through the sheer power of love , only to drown as an innocent child in the purple infrared pool .
at that moment , had his hand not dislodged a stone , he would undoubtedly have joined them and thus become a prisoner within the lake , an entity trapped within the confines of another 's dream .
she was like a perimeter guard for an advanced race of beings who looked human , but were somehow para - human entities focused only temporarily within this dimension .
soon their intertwining entities succeeded in creating a unified pool of being and upon the surface of this pool there was not the slightest ripple .
you see , luv , entities are very transitory , they 're forever changing and transforming themselves into one thing or another .
whereas , art , created by these same entities , lingers about and long outlives the temporal form of its creator and forms of itself a silent chain down through the corridors of time that parodies the stiff and formal antics of mere politicians , generals and other would - be shapers of this three - dimensional world .
but these were indeed living entities , as he was able to confirm by watching the slow but steady rise and fall of their chests .
i do not believe there is another ( entity ? )
if not , its not a publishable entity but look at the words , the form , the style , it really goes the extra mile , original in all it says , a whole new way it does display but will it get an audience , i ask ?
poetic interlude 2 god scribe what insanity , this writing thing , creating people , plots that zing , after a time you become inured , thinking it real with every word its so true , i give my word , reality created from man to bird , dripping life , no need to rehearse , it comes natural in every verse ending with your own uni - verse , you ve started life but its often a curse , plots so real , your life you crop , only ending with a full stop its unlikely you ll ever stop , a magician , you will never drop , your ability to make those characters grovel , with twists and turns in every novel and once you re a writer life is novel , even if poor , living in a hovel , scribbling away from brunch to tea , you ve created your own personal entity my lifes goal for thirty years i ve written each day , hoping for success without delay , honing my craft , getting it right , then realising its errors the following night ; my goal is two - fold in all i do , perfecting my craft and communicating to you , a message , a philosophy , a reason to be , my muses like invading entities ; i was once on the verge of making it big , two books sold , published , but lifes a pig , publishers changed , wanting celebrity alone , i festered a while they did nt atone ; my pile of rejections became quite high , but i kept sending manuscripts on the sly , cos to feel success slip through fingers so , gives you a thirst to bath in that glow ; each year i began with this thirst intact , a yearning , a need , to interact , but now its declining , this goal of mine , i m a blogger !
poetic interlude 2 god scribe what insanity , this writing thing , creating people , plots that zing , after a time you become inured , thinking it real with every word its so true , i give my word , reality created from man to bird , dripping life , no need to rehearse , it comes natural in every verse ending with your own uni - verse , you ve started life but its often a curse , plots so real , your life you crop , only ending with a full stop its unlikely you ll ever stop , a magician , you will never drop , your ability to make those characters grovel , with twists and turns in every novel and once you re a writer life is novel , even if poor , living in a hovel , scribbling away from brunch to tea , you ve created your own personal entity my lifes goal for thirty years i ve written each day , hoping for success without delay , honing my craft , getting it right , then realising its errors the following night ; my goal is two - fold in all i do , perfecting my craft and communicating to you , a message , a philosophy , a reason to be , my muses like invading entities ; i was once on the verge of making it big , two books sold , published , but lifes a pig , publishers changed , wanting celebrity alone , i festered a while they did nt atone ; my pile of rejections became quite high , but i kept sending manuscripts on the sly , cos to feel success slip through fingers so , gives you a thirst to bath in that glow ; each year i began with this thirst intact , a yearning , a need , to interact , but now its declining , this goal of mine , i m a blogger !
at first the paper just amused me , all those crazy proclamations of anarchists challenging every belief the business program instilled in my head during the past two years , but now i was deliberately opting for the less corporate - seeming of the two corporate entities .
its like a living entity with its images , shapes and sounds .
the shareeraya is a physical entity ; its a composite of sense faculties .
humans are a selfish entity believing we are better than another because of our race , religion or sexual orientation .
some say it is a particle - like entity - a photon .
so science implies that for survival to remain in time an entity must travel at less than the speed of light .
this effectively means that an entity must have a rest mass .
survival is indeed pre - coded into all entities .
the nature of the dual wave or particle entity was an intriguing paradox .
the dualism arises because there is also an entity in the world that is set apart from the objective world of particles and their world lines and that entity is consciousness .
the dualism arises because there is also an entity in the world that is set apart from the objective world of particles and their world lines and that entity is consciousness .
once the initial memory was established then the process was repeated and repeated , leading to increasing complexity of entities that could interact and form more complex memory .
if philosophy had been more concerned with the entity of the greater consciousness than with that of the personal and if it had been less inclined to deny external objective reality , it could have done greatest service to humanity .
that of the electron is different because quantum theory gives a dual reality to the entity - a wave and a particle reality .
even the postulated black holes are entities that change over the long eons of time eventually decaying by radiation emission .
the modern level of education and knowledge lets leaders see beyond the local impact of war to the greater world of the human race as a common entity .
especially considering the gross unfairness already of which entities held all the power .
everybody was leaping on board , every existing place needed a website , and a thousand new entities were springing up , all of them ending in dot.com , to chow down at the gravy train of financing being thrown their way .
she had researched they could find a bit of solitude in this little place just south of city limits , plus there would be no legal entities to object to the disbursal of the cremains .
well ; this is a story and that s why for convenience and brevity , the devil has been personified as some outside entity but usually , it is the devil inside that starts the trouble .
it seems , the cardinal error is associating human duties on earth as an actionable entity .
you may blame me for what you may call a eulogy of laziness and there may be some semblance of truth in that my growing age must be behind it , but i really feel that overemphasis on karma as an action entity needs some close scrutiny .
that is why most humans understand body entities and not mental ones .
subjective preference for any single entity may be lopsided and may end up in seeing the world from a biased perspective .
the almighty is the most vulnerable entity on earth .
although technically separate entities , the credit union was housed between the companys customer service department and its relay department , and everyone at the company knew archie the head of the credit union , michelle the loan officer , greta the old teller , tawny the young teller , and rachel the secretary .
in the end , the physical entity was damaged beyond repair , but , early on , it was the ephemeral organ that gave up the ghost and caused the medical train wreck .
just as any mental speculation about metaphysical truths is a futile pursuit , it is futile to speculate on the will and nature of any man , figure or entity that is so much greater and so far removed from us .
should they be viewed as separate entities or as a whole ?
his static eye hovered above the sign as i read , as if to underline each individual word : a curse acts much like a live entity .
keep in mind that it takes two to carry out your plan , which is why i m advising you to remain still , unless you wish to be left without your pawn here your dutiful marionette , i added in a forced tone , desperately trying to sound menacing despite the fact that the sweat that ran down ezekiels back was fusing with the sweat that ran down my stomach , that our hearts were beating in a synchronized rhythm , that we were becoming one fragile , indivisible entity .
the man in black addressed our indivisible entity as he remained kneeling on the floor .
a wave of soothing warmth penetrated my every cell , and our indivisible entity became light as a petal floating on water .
coming up the street , the entity precipitates past a duotone wall advertisement like a shoal of piranha touching the sunlit surface of a muddy amazonian river .
perhaps , ailment was the name of a childhood teacher or of an elder relativeor , at the very least , of some entity or phenomenon that he regarded with such reverence as to imbue his voice with a deferential tone and his speaking cadence with a cautious , yet flowingly symmetrical poise of solemnity .
at one moment , he was a naked and solitary particle , spinning about an unknown axis , traversing unknowable trajectories ; and in the next , he was something larger and more complexhe was something which could only know itself by virtue of its interactions with other such particlesfor the bonds that formed themselves , innumerably , fixed him into the structure of what seemed a stable and ordered macromolecule , an institution which deemed itself , in its physical entirety , an autonomous and self - governed entity ( of course this was an untenable claim on the part of this chemical behemoth , for in its arrogance , it neglects to appease the minority groups within its constituency , which cry impassioned cries for their own liberation and self - rule , until through some undermining feat of enzymic interventionism , the molecular colossus is overwhelmed on all fronts and made forcibly to yield to the deafening calls for partition , thusly , redistricting itself into a newer and more stable commonwealth of independent molecules ) ; in the moment that followed , he found himself substrate to an enzyme and then , accordingly , he became the enzyme itself , yet this enzyme , too , worked in coordination with something , once again , much larger and more complex than itself to produce a series of functions , the purposes of which were beyond its own capabilities to recognize , but were , nonetheless , the underpinnings of a peculiar process known as digestion ; this process was intricate and the machinery required to facilitate it , equally so , and it was thus that he soon began to fold inward upon himself to endless degrees to take on the form of what was called a digestive system ; he , then , expanded further , for this system , too , was part of a larger whole , a form comprised of many other systems of varying function ( electrical impulses shot through him , his frame hardened and covered itself with flexible tissue for the sake of motile function , viscous fluids coursed for the purposes of transporting substances through a branching series of channels and byways , connected to a powerful chambered pump ) .
it had been in the name of that benevolent entity called progress that man had , therefore , sought to establish for himself a technological dominance over nature : by force of axe , by tensility of ocean net , by caliber of firearm , and by potency of pesticide , he had conquered the forests , reaped the bounties of the sea , tamed the deserts , obliterated the mountains and impregnated the fields !
naturally , the happenings by which the wig and spider became one entity would remain a mystery , but i shall not doubt that this propitious union should have its origins in anything but intention , albeit , not on the part of the spider , but rather in the opportunistic zeal of the wig , which sought , above all else , to distinguish itself from the staggering multitude of rival wigs by elevating its status as an inanimate object to that which was critically important to the survival of the animate : a thick and hairy form of life support , without the benefit of which , a host should simply wither away and die , for this wig would have become that essential accessory by which he derived his fortune , his honor , his integrity , and hence , his sustenance .
the notion of self - awareness and individual achievement was , thus , an illusion necessary toward instinctive ends , which seemed mutually beneficial ( perhaps even essential ) , both to the individual entity and to nature itself , but which were , above all else , solely essential to nature ( the individual entity was , in actuality , manipulated by his instinctual drives in such a way as to consider his own ends to be unique and driven by his own personality , his initiative , his ego , his esteem , his principles , his passionbut in fact , he was just as mechanical as the mechanisms his existence served ) .
the notion of self - awareness and individual achievement was , thus , an illusion necessary toward instinctive ends , which seemed mutually beneficial ( perhaps even essential ) , both to the individual entity and to nature itself , but which were , above all else , solely essential to nature ( the individual entity was , in actuality , manipulated by his instinctual drives in such a way as to consider his own ends to be unique and driven by his own personality , his initiative , his ego , his esteem , his principles , his passionbut in fact , he was just as mechanical as the mechanisms his existence served ) .
and thus , after subsequent months and years of clashes between rival parties , its ultimate effect brought forth the dissolution of the vast national entity into smaller , more tightly - regulated provinces and city - states , which remained economically and militarily dependent on one another in spite of their mutual mistrust .
its silent decrees , however , need not have been audible for them to ring continually in the minds of the shivering medallions of tender flesh below , for these warm , meaty entities were taught from an early age to kneel in the direction of their sinister and sadistic overlord , once at dawn and again at dusk and to implore its mercy , for they remained wary of the frightful carnage which should otherwise ensue .
* * * the mere sight of this dreadful entity should have been first thing that struck bunnu , as his ship approached the port of yami .
i would think the same , but then fear is an essential force of the universe to us frail entities , for it remains that very element that binds our virtuethe fear of consequences , in particular .
and so , for the sake of appeasing this supreme entity , some of us start to think that maybe non - violent coexistence would be a better option , in spite of our aggressive nature .
with the presence of such an entity , the team spirit gains greater focuswith his guidance , the virtue of playing the game comes to lie in the gains the group consciousness can exact against its rivals .
in spite of this , this strange , aromatic entity moved sure - footedly over the fields , between the tree branches and shrubs of the surrounding wood , over rocks and through cool waters of narrow streams , until suddenly , before i knew it , i could see vaguely , through the night fog , the lights of the laborers settlement coming up on the horizon .
this would thereby render the intended message and the perceived message as one unified entity , rather than as separate entities muddled and confounded by their mutual disparities ( as is , most often , the case otherwise ) .
this would thereby render the intended message and the perceived message as one unified entity , rather than as separate entities muddled and confounded by their mutual disparities ( as is , most often , the case otherwise ) .
in other words , it was pure meaning that i was receiving from him , not meaning filtered through any linguistic framework derived for the purposes of communication between dissimilar entities .
for instance , it would be a particularly wasteful endeavor if , for the sake of exhausting every last option available , he were even to go so far as resorting to invasive ontological neurospelunkery , for this unorthodox process would only prove to be the cerebral equivalent of tracking a creature one was not even sure existed : surely one could happen upon some new species deep in the caverns somewhere and assume it to be the goal of ones trek , but then there was a certain idiocy to this notion , as one would never be sure this newfound entity should prove to be what one wished it to be ; taken further , this very need to find something , to begin with , would only lead one to clamber more deeply inward along rigorous paths and over unsteady terrain , the entirety of which could only be traversed with the arrogant resolve of someone who has already determined , with a misplaced sense of pride in his own assumptions , that he was undoubtedly making headway in a direction worthwhile .
encountering loner mystics , cannibalistic highwaymen , and mercenary guardian angels along the way , they goaded these peculiar entities to trek with them to liberate the female sex slaves held prisoner by an emperor long - dong of the republic of bonerland .
a fierce , yet vulnerable beastinstinctually wicked , yet easily controlledin short , an entity which can single - handedly shatter any empire to its foundations .
emmanuel wondered quietly if it were possible for a benevolent entity to micromanage mans endeavors in a very similar way to how rat man miyazaki had come to micromanage the lives and wills of the rodents .
the rays of moonlight peeking in through the tall windows seemed to hold her suspended above me , and though i could visually perceive her full form hovering above my own body , i got the sense that this sublime entity and the tactilely impalpable wind which swept over it were both emanating from a locus beyond my conscious understanding , or rather they were being projected from some realm of intangibility , conceivably in another dimension of space - time , hitherto disregarded by all but the most impugned of mathematicians and theoretical cosmologists .
from what indeed must an intangible entity , as a ghost , achieve its glow if not from starlight , for are we not similarly , as tangible entities , composed of granules of dust from exploding suns ?
from what indeed must an intangible entity , as a ghost , achieve its glow if not from starlight , for are we not similarly , as tangible entities , composed of granules of dust from exploding suns ?
i must advise that he is not the infallible entity he presents himself to be : perhaps you have realized this already , though i feel it necessary to say so as this is only the first of many encounters you are set to have with him .
if this were the case , it would seem that the natural darkness of night would now become a phenomenon confined the realm of nevermore : the mere myth of something which once was and shall never be again , an unlikely entity whose existence future generations of yet unborn humans would eventually come to doubt .
it seemed odd that his past self and present self should each have been connected to the same frame and that this frame should somehow retain the memories and emotions of both incongruous entities , while still remaining as one individual ; it was somehow saddening that a person should transform so dramatically and still continue to bear those immutable traits characteristic of that person , as though to taunt those who knew him prior to the transformation .
occasionally , he would have hallucinations of the nightmarish entities he d encountered in the dark on his way to the salad bar , though he had not actually seen them except in his imagination ; oddly he had nt been the least bit frightened during their trek , but upon resurfacing , his recall became enshrouded in a new cloud of unconscionable terror .
regardless of my experiences , affiliations , and acquaintances , i remain very much that same deficient entity .
this remarkable entity was very much in his natural state .
i mean , i aspire to evolve into an entity whose full definition still eludes me , but whose undeniable essence beckons to me from afar , and whatever role i occupy in society should have no bearing on this process of transformation .
in some cases , there is an effect felt by the universe , but rarely is it the one desired by ambitious entities .
if he is not contributing much to the ecosystem , is he then a null entity ?
i trust you can open up the ground and swallow disagreeable entities whole if circumstances call for it .
of course , one could scarcely continue to view him as a non - threatening , passive entity , for certainly , this , too , had changed .
bunnu had a choice : either to mend the plate with certain shards missing or out of their proper positions ; or to leave the shattered plate unmended , thereby granting those newly liberated ceramic particles their freedom from the molds which had once oppressed them and which had invariably limited their potentialin this latter case , however , it would have been difficult to determine whether these newly liberated entities would value their independence , or crave again their safer and less exceptional place in union with the larger homogeneous super - entity .
bunnu had a choice : either to mend the plate with certain shards missing or out of their proper positions ; or to leave the shattered plate unmended , thereby granting those newly liberated ceramic particles their freedom from the molds which had once oppressed them and which had invariably limited their potentialin this latter case , however , it would have been difficult to determine whether these newly liberated entities would value their independence , or crave again their safer and less exceptional place in union with the larger homogeneous super - entity .
this dichotomy seemed to create a pocket of madness at his center , churning and gurgling as though harking back to the very uncertainty of primordial life where each moment was frantic and fragmentary , and calmness was , as yet , an alien entity overwhelmed by the demented normalcy of tumultthis black sludge bubbling at his core was where all darkness took refuge from the unrelenting light , was where it reacted with every compound and isotope of shadow and formed petty conspiracies which should only reach the surface when the dusk fell over the landscape .
and indeed the humor of this play was intended to gratify the more base and pitiless drives of its participantsfor what other common ground did these otherwise urbane and virtuous entities have left for sake of their own diversion but their sadistic , crude , and lascivious desires ?
they ve achieved something remarkable , no ? they ve created a fictional character to replace him , some seraphic entity to whom they can direct all miscellaneous prayers outside of the jurisdiction of other spiritual figureheads : look upon him now ! the patron saint of horsefeathers !
to even envisage so allowed the trauma of those lost moments , though not his own , to draw from him a certain envy for the entity in whose memories he had basked vicariously .
this was another entity , somehow , trapped in the plastic box , grounded in a minute object that could nt even move for itself .
a separate entity .
our consciousness is a strange entity .
feminine entities are still struggling for their rightful place .
the melting , the corrosion , the drift and metamorphosis of life - living cyclicality are natures inevitable and randomized processes , which every entity has to go through .
they all shape and design differentiated destinies for different entities .
within your consciousness , there is a culture , a nature and innate judgment mechanism , which usually assigns values and decides the utility of an entity .
your super consciousness aligned with continuous and immortal intangible entity , renouncing the mortal value and utility of the tangible matter .
you used the power of imagination to instill a value and utility in an entity , which otherwise , from the point existing worldview has none .
it is equally important that the body - mind entity remains ensconced in a conducive internal and external environment .
it was as though we had brought something otherworldly into our home , an entity designed to connect us to european politics and water fowl .
more and more people migrated into the dancing room , coming together to create a shapeless entity that fed off the energy within .
driven by hostile entities first into searing waterless regions and then into frigid places uninhabitable , the bleeders found a way from this plane of death and discovered the grey lands there , and made their abodes and found peace .
semese was amused at this declaration of independence and said that , as an even smaller entity his country had an uphill battle to do the same .
he turned on his back and looked into the crepuscular sky which very soon would be dotted with distant entities of which his world was only an infinitesimal part .
then i have to go out and interact with something a little more interesting , like a dandelion or a human being , even one that s in the process of thinning out to a zero - dimensional entity .
the nursing home fees are of course unpayable by any normal economic entity ; she s had to apply for spousal impoverishment status so that medicaid will pick up the bulk of the payments .
i believe there is a supreme being , but i believe this entity lives inside all of us .
i do nt think god is a vengeful entity that has set us all up for failure .
he did not believe that god is an intolerant , judgmental entity that rejected people because of the way they lived their lives .
the church could not canonize unless you assume , astronaut , that just because i have implicitly acknowledged some things , every thing you have been told is true including the so - called powers of the self - aggrandizing entity of rome .
i need to grow as an individual , not as a part of a binary entity .
he had showed them a smorgasbord of a full suite of offerings of the combined entity , factoring in the assumption of shared sales channels of the two companies .
so he lay down on top of her , seemed to melt into her , made together a single new thing , neither one of them left but just this new entity .
her mind drifted back to those long ago nightsin potent dark not unlike that which embraced them nowthose nights in the car or the hayloft or the cot in the shack when joshs penis seemed simultaneously the source of ease ( for them both ) and an entity unto itself , full of need and threat ( to her , anyway ; and maybe to josh as well ) .
its an entity unto itself , its own purpose and destination .
could someone , anyone document the instant of transitionas the millisecond when the sperm cells persistent bumping of the egg cells resistant membrane finally and ultimately results in the breach of that membrane and the consequent conception of a totally new entity .
if there s anything capable of destruction of a human entity , its nonstop television coverage .
we are the cells of the skin of some entity that is humanity and we get sloughed off and replaced .
most of the time for john dewey , sterling did not exist ; even when they were together john dewey regarded this entity , which he acknowledged as sterl , as no more than a physical presence , just as a tree or a rock or any other inanimate object .
there are various champions , whose title matches are organized by different boxing entities , which can award championship belts across as many as 17 weight divisions .
five entities administer this chaos : world boxing association , world boxing council , international boxing federation , world boxing organization , and the ring ( the boxing magazine which does title promotion as a sideline , despite a possible conflict of interest ) .
she struggled as she sensed rather than heard this unidentified entity draw closer , but her body refused to respond to her will , she could imagine herself climbing from the bed and crossing to the door but was unable to translate the idea into reality .
civilization itself is the altering of the natural world so as to solidify man , even though the more comfortable existence represses instinctual tendencies and thereby makes him feel effete in manhood , and incomplete as a natural entity that must forever more in this state of society feign godhood .
it is true that with innocuous or useful intestinal bacteria and mitochondrial dna innate in every replicating cell ( these diminutive beings acting for their own survival just like smiths invisible hand extended18 ) they unwittingly sustain me and i unwittingly sanction their existences by not sending white blood cell stealth bombers to destroy them , but this hardly makes me into a moral entity .
the owner , if we can call him such , who set up a business for himself illegally as he is illegal , has fired an undocumented cambodian worker like himself on the grounds that he was not productive enough ; thus the adage of the big fish eating the little fish is not just true of larger entities .
even as little as a couple hundred years ago in every part of the world , and even for the affluent who lived in rather crude conditions by contemporary standards for whatever discomforts were eased by the servants they possessed and subject to every bacterial infection with little remedy , religion in this sense of vulnerability was as dire of a necessity as a shot of whiskey when experiencing a toothache ; and so the world was rife in gullible , superstitious entities equally ignorant as to how and why lives of suffering should exist as those of the present time , but much more likely to be suffering exponentially more , and more desperate for analgesic ideas of afterlife if not mystical succor and elixirs .
lacking solidity , entities in what they consume , in the homes they care to have , in their sexual groping , and in their possessions ( the jews in the concentration camps were most horrified by the depilation that was done on their heads and bodies32as to not even have this and one loses her last material aspect and can feel as the adumbration or the fluid substance that she really is ) seek to solidify their crumbling material aspects , propping up their sand castles and the walls around them .
a few minutes ago as i was walking along the river , i saw a couple buying some goldfish from a temple and dumping the content of the small bag into the river all so that they might feel spiritual giving freedom to caught entities when in fact they were just giving a quick and hideous demise to those diminutive creatures that will be quickly eaten up by the bigger fish .
my goal is not to discuss the battles that will happen but , from personal experience , the battles that were , even though conflicts past , present , and future , in elements of the self , the self as a whole , and all things greater at least in scope , albeit perhaps not in purpose ( the smaller being more diffused than a grain of sand on the beach next to the latter but perhaps animals and human animals in particular having a unique consciousness that the universe lacks ) , seem part of the same war which , like sperm cells compelled into a marathon , are part of this natural coercion to cull and eliminate the weaker of competing alternatives of the smaller to form a more perfect nexus to the larger ( the cells to tissue , tissue to the organ , the organs to the organism , man to society , society to the ecosystem , the world of ecosystems to a solar system , the solar system to the galaxy , it to the universe that is one organ , perhaps , in this malevolent entity called god ) .
from my own experience there were bullies in classrooms burning the buttocks of seated lesser entities with cigarette lighters , and to protect themselves , classmates laughing in feigned approbation at the antics that they themselves feared , teachers , as the acne scarred mathematics pedagogue whom many brazenly called crater face , subjected to the worse derision , and condoms stretched out in water fountains -- the pleasure of liberation and destruction as natural as lightning and fire .
filling the big chief notepad and smaller pads that fit in my pockets with my practice shorthand , line after line , and enjoying the effect of these strange squiggles on the paper and the mysterious part it place in my future , i imagined , when this great squiggled novel would arise like the mighty entity it was , to walk astraddle the continent , and maybe other continents where it would not be forgotten .
pairing bookends , or perhaps an exoskeleton , of hard cs around the softer , fruitier center of against a guava gave the illusion of building a body and i thought of phrases as living entities .
some sort of atomic entity occurring naturally .
the german nazi - ideologist alfred rosenberg suggested that conquered soviet territory should be administered in the following reichskommissariats : ostland ( the baltic countries and belarus ) ukraine ( ukraine and adjacent territories ) , kaukasus ( southern russia and the caucasus area ) , moskau ( moscow metropolitan area and the rest of european russia ) turkestan ( central asian republics and territories ) ral ( central and south ural and nearest territories , created from planned east russian european territorial reorganization ) west sibirien ( future west siberia and novosibirsk held lands ) nordland ( soviet arctic areas : west nordland ( russian european north coasts ) and ost nordland ( northwest siberian north coasts ) german policy aimed to destroy the soviet union as a political entity in accordance with the geopolitical lebensraum idea ( drang nach osten ) for the benefit of future german generations in the centuries to come .
afghanistan was merged into this entity , its rebellious peoples forcibly uprooted into camps .
zav hits a faint light exposing the outlines of a couch and chairs and smudges of other entities , but little enters marks mind , he just sits and waits .
but it became , truly , only one thing : for her daughters hand and the music had merged into one , into a seamless , perfect whole , a living entity unto itself , a song that affirmed , absolutely and finally , that such had always been so ; an answer that filled her every sense with an almost unbearable joy , just as it did nearly fourteen years ago .
its an extraordinary entity known as the eleysian teardrop , stated her father with an odd background note of contempt in his voice .
but the real reason for the invasiona reason known only by a handful of individuals at the time , luis among themwas the eleysian teardrop , the wondrous entity found at the center of aquanus in the mighty temple kentein intersectum .
there was randomness all around her , in her own spirit , biting her , refusing to fall into the hoop , settling as dust over county road 11 , settling into her open palm as a cottonwood seed , swirling past her as water ... . and she thought about god , and about mathematics and number sets , about infinity coming in different sizes , and wondered if human souls were simply infinite entities bound inside an infinitely greater entitygods ?
the power within that entity , whatever that entity was , it ... she waited .
the power within that entity , whatever that entity was , it ... she waited .
to this entity were sent , in 1942 , poles ; mainly women and children , the remnants of a massive forced exodus , in 1940 , from eastern poland which was occupied by the red army under the terms of the secret protocol of the nazi soviet pact of august 1939 .
an entity he was only dimly aware of .
mainly in the fact that the village changed from being a homogenous entity in clan - tribal terms into something quite different through tribal mixing .
look at the ignorant christian minister who was threatening to burn the koran , he thought that the arabic word allah meant a different entity than the christian word of god .
politics , power and the state are entities wholly divorced from the theoretical constructs embodied by the truth .
the truth is a much more abstract and intangible entity , and its eventual discovery is much more likely through the process of scientific enquiry .
and this truth , is it not the same entity that is currently being sought by the godless illicitists when they are not actively persecuting cats like our poor confederate here ?
i find it incredible that such apparently intelligent people as you and your companion should believe that the truth were some kind of physical entity of absolute and undeniable tangibility .
would they continue to exist as an evil entity ?
at that time the entities of schonefield and the state of montana lay decades in the future .
merrili was no longer a thing of flesh in human form , nor was he the entity of spirit - matter that he had been .
his first impression was of a fuming , flaming entity that filled the cavern below .
the silhouettes of trollsattendants or victims of the entity , iliff could not tellflitted before it and around it and seemed to disappear inside of it .
when he looked again , the entity was a gigantic furnace , round and burning .
had i felt decrepit enough to be attached to such a drab entity as a partner , she would have been welcome , hence lilys pissing contest jibe .
they had been spreading gravel and rock in the worst places whenever they could get some or some entity like us or the army would give them some .
later in the day will be the easter egg hunt on the front lawn of the plant , the last scheduled joint activity to be hosted by the local entities of general motors and the united auto workers .
were technically a separate , nonprofit entity , and not a part of the university system .
we both nodded , although i wondered if kylie could really remember the newspapers of old , when it was normal for a news entity to assign someone to spend months writing an in - depth piece , when multi - part , many page articles were normal .
then we saw how the cell membranes maintain that genetic unit as a distinct entity .
the regions controlled by liverpool , manchester and birmingham prevailed and became the singular entity known as the colony .
unlike the actual deed this flow chart indicated the number of shares banks was selling to purchase shares in the new entity .
he was very careful not to run afoul of anti - trust laws , so he created holding companies and worked through other entities when it appeared he was close to gobbling up too much of a particular segment of the computer hardware industry .
spreading out like a child 's lego creation with one addition after another , it appeared a living , growing , entity .
the silence between us was palpable , a third entity hovering thick and black as the night outside .
they rose as one entity when matthew came and out the school door and serenaded him a rousing we kicked ass cheer .
never before our entity needed so much someone to be protected against such a coward terrorist .
you are also the most brilliant attorney i ' ve ever seen at dragging lots of entities to the table .
it took a little while for me to come to grips with the fact that i was dead and even longer to gain control over my new entity .
the final stipulation is that the borrowing entity must be a nonprofit , joint venture between the d.f .
technically they were looking in our direction but i had the feeling that everybody was actually looking at me what with hazel and the provost being known entities .
the press is a quasi - independent entity .
this was one of the 3y entities and i had difficulty working with thirds of a year instead of quarters and philips handwriting was atrocious .
there s a big kahuna at the top , and then a sort of descending hierarchy of supernatural entities .
people at her church pray to a particular entity according to the specific problem they have .
that left joe soucup , an elderly man with an attitude , and a few circumstantial , difficult to verify miscellanea that were unlikely to add up to a case worth trying to present to any legal entity , grand jury , prosecutor , or judge .
but as a separate entity .
there is a deeper understanding lurking in that unknown entity known as the soul , and it has no time for such vanity .
fanny 's impudence had the potential for my further ruin on several counts : one , mrs . lettuce cox , while wrapped up in her own rules of engagement to the point of severe apathy , is not a person who broods for any length of time upon visions of the hereafter , especially when the here and now are entities that require her full , strict attention .
dads a known entity .
a girl could be seen as a separate entity .
parallel loop 12 stories concerning beings and other entities more than , less than or other than human mike crowson copyright mike crowson 1990 2005 some of these stories have appeared in small press magazines or other collections smashwords edition 2010 contents : sealed entrance neighbourhood watch something on account cat burglar other than human trespassers will be persecuted the godmother parallel loop the price of success el quinto sol word of god last words sealed entrance i pulled into the kerb , switched off the engine and looked around .
no entity was to be seen as they walked towards the purple glow .
alicia , gill and manjy raised their arms and they sensed rather than saw the presence of the entities guarding the circle at the cardinal points .
stick with us lads , we 'll provide sanctuary from hostile entities . ''
and are there hostile entities ? ''
samantha could nt really pin down the date or time , since both had become meaningless entities to her .
families take each other for granted but they d be surprised that even such entity can be broken .
a family is an entity that can be broken but what s really sad is when you have a family that is broken without its own consent .
a family is a fixed entity ; you can decide to go to it ; but it will never come to you when you most need it .
it was almost as if the town were two different entities separated by an invisible dividing line with differing rules that each side was bound to follow .
you can claim that each club is a separate entity .
suddenly , i had an eerie feeling i was dealing with more than one entity , and that neither one of them wanted me around .
rafe was an unknown entity who would nt have stood still to have his throat slit , plus brenda might have done it again .
you saying she believed that a non - psychical entity directly influenced the actions of those women , forcing them to commit suicide ?
i had n't wanted to talk about horne 's murder at all , but the words came out of me , forced out as though another entity moved my mouth .
no other - dimensional entity made contact , not even sir gary .
he got a glimpse of his shotgun lifting off the gun case rack just before he withdrew with all due haste and called for help from the one person he knew who had a chance against the entity .
i sure as hell did nt want that evil - looking entity materializing anywhere near me without my knowledge .
but promise me that if your gris - gris bags do nt keep all of the ... departed entities away they will , she said with a grim nod .
bucky wilson - jones , senator john wilson - joness second son , was now a disembodied , confused ghost , an entity in need of control .
could he speak with a headless entity ?
and no matter how i tried to stifle that questing mind , the possibility that the new entity haunting esprit dchene had just tried to poison us would nt extinguish .
invisible entity , i guess .
` ` elizabeth 's proposal to remove the museum and make it a free - standing entity .
i am a non entity .
the property was taken over by the federal government entity , the department of housing , and the urban development agency .
` ` the entity , i guess they were once as we are , i mean they had bodies at one time .
` ` ok , something happened to the entities world , so they were left to wonder the universe looking for a new place . ''
` ` the entities had long before reached , immortality .
knowing full well that the entities would have to undergo massive changes , bodiless , they could n't exist in our gravity . ''
while the entities would n't actually die , the body most certainly would , and the entities would experience a period of inactivity .
while the entities would n't actually die , the body most certainly would , and the entities would experience a period of inactivity .
your future hung on it , in a sense most folk around here feel that the village would have little future as a separate entity if the development had not gone through .
in fact , it was a negative entity and had already forced him along paths he did not want to take .
three times that many knew about the plan including multiple local and state legal entities .
or , i suppose in the parlance of this new age , i am simply a spiritual entity aware of his oneness with the universe and my fellow man .
my official response to questions regarding prayer is that continually resorting to making pleas to a supposed vindictive and potentially malevolent entity created by our ancestors , apparently frightened by events they could nt comprehend , who subsequently proceeded with all manner of attempts to pacify this entity through sacrifices and rituals , is totally inconsistent with contemporary science and advanced intelligence .
my official response to questions regarding prayer is that continually resorting to making pleas to a supposed vindictive and potentially malevolent entity created by our ancestors , apparently frightened by events they could nt comprehend , who subsequently proceeded with all manner of attempts to pacify this entity through sacrifices and rituals , is totally inconsistent with contemporary science and advanced intelligence .
you are bringing too many divergent businesses under a single entity .
the only way for this project to work is for it to be controlled by just a few individuals cooperating with a single government entity in a very quiet way .
it was as if he was disappointed in me as an entity , a failed experiment of the human race .
` ` ' the morrigan consists of three distinct entities : macha , who haunts the battlefield , and takes heads of warriors as tribute in battle - she is said to be able to heal a warrior from mortal wounds in the field , if his men have offered enough heads to her .
he blinked and twisted his lips , obviously at a loss as how to describe this entity .
until he confirmed abbie 's stake in all this , what she 'd been after with gwen and why someone wanted to kill gwen , she was an unknown entity .
i like how you slide right past how this senate vote and hostile takeover will catapult zolono into an international entity that can outpace any competition once the vaccine is turned into a household name .
burton and crimstein had a total caste system with one ruling entity .
the emos - they were no longer called goths , according to jill , though her friend yasmin had insisted that they were two separate entities and this led to much debate - dominated this particular stretch .
nash and cassie had seemed like an unlikely mix , but when they were together , it was as though they were one entity .
a neighborhood is an entity , a body , and you can feel when something is out of place .
this was what her family became - four separate entities in the dark , interacting with one another only when necessary .
they were hollow entities , devastated and powerless .
` ` a few months ago he started investigating a charitable entity called save the angels . ''
unlawful activity that uses violence , threat or coercion for the purpose of altering our form of government , inducing decision - making political entities or authorities to take decisions in a certain direction , or preventing individual citizens from exercising their constitutionally protected rights and liberties .
the person stalking the counselor - it was hard not to think of this person as some kind of evil entity , since he was so invisible - had n't liked anyone else stalking them , i was willing to bet .
i had to respect each stack as an entity , lift it to dust and put it down in the same spot ; so the office shared by the receptionist and the clerk was in and of itself a land mine .
elizabeth and i were a couple , a single entity .
i had always lumped them into a single entity , blurring their faces into a dark mass of bad .
the media , an entity with the collective attention span of a twinkie filled two - year - old , immediately focused on this shiny new toy , kicking the old one under the bed .
the business was small change , and liable at any time to set off hypocritical screeds in the media and debates in that strange political entity called the swedish parliament .
` ` i mean , you work for a publication that is for the most part owned by major corporate entities .
the appropriately named ache brothers , the fungi in question , moved in and , like the parasitic entities they were , ate away all signs of life and were now gnawing on the carcass .
the only place left on earth where the church and state merged into a single political entity -- headed by him , of course .
a merger of the secular and sacred in one entity -- the tsar .
there is no entity more protected , more shielded , and while it was easy to complain about that , it was also how it should be .
the cartilage and internal organs were long gone , the victims of some parasitic entity that had feasted on them long ago .
i did n't know who or which divine entity had brought sybill up to the skybox tonight , but i was thanking whatever it was .
he was a known entity .
my mind fractured , literally unthreaded , splitting into two entities .
my heart squeezed and i thanked every entity that he 'd brought me back .
trevor , too - it was as if standing here , the three of us touching , were creating an entity more powerful than each of us separated , individuals who were lesser when we were n't connected and together .
i arched up , my body no longer mine , our bodies now a distinct entity , cleaved and welded together as one , the cli**x greater than any i 'd ever experienced .
if he thought about how many different ways his privacy was breached by legal and illegal entities , he 'd be a paranoid lunatic .
they 're like screaming entities blaring at me on the other end of the phone but i have to pretend they 're just words .
at times , it seemed like a living , breathing entity that i shaped , built , and conformed to fit my needs in that moment .
governments are unreliable , corrupt entities .
human and wolf dna in a single entity ?
it did n't solve the problem of how to get himself away from her , but at least it got one of the two dangerous entities in her life away from her .
but not since i was a girl did i speak to allah as an entity or god who might care , or hear .
the tight space and soft white walls were the product of some kind of regulating entity .
` ` according to amnesty international and a whole bunch of entities who think it 's wrong . ''
i mean , in some vague recess of my mind , i knew such entities existed but only in some vague recess of my mind .
i watched , deep breathing , as jacob pulled it out , set the box aside and turned it around in his hands like it was the world 's most precious entity .
he figured i 'd have the strength to fight the fight but i 'd also have the patience if zander was an entity out there i knew existed and wanted to connect with .
a woman who knew the precious entity she had in her hands and handled it with care .
that night when i went home to clara , she 'd had a coughing fit , and it was all i could do to not break down and scream at every entity for making her sick .
we glared ; silence was a heavy entity between us .
the house loomed overhead , blotting out the moon and stars as if it were a living entity .
the crowbar was no longer heavy in my hands ; the unseen malicious entity arched my back , swinging the weapon , high and deadly .
our breathing tangled , our hands became separate entities as we groped and stroked and pinched .
one entity .
our hands were separate entities as our mouths slipped and licked .
lacey was an entity all of her own , special , and all his .
she had agreed to his business proposition of taking over the clinic as a charitable entity , and she had given the hospital her notice .
i prepared myself for the same loud , obnoxious entity to come strutting in like she owned the place , but that was n't the delilah james walking my way .
kidnaped by that awful entity and forced into marriage .
i suddenly thought about the entity i felt in the house with me last night .
a big part of me doubted doug was powerful enough to go up against an entity such as the one that was here last night .
sean 's laughter came from his lips , but it moved through the gooey darkness around us like thunder through clouds , moving as if it was its very own entity .
it was like the church building was the body , and all its members were woven together to create one unified entity , and this entity was the spirit of the body ; the spirit of this church .
it was like the church building was the body , and all its members were woven together to create one unified entity , and this entity was the spirit of the body ; the spirit of this church .
whatever this entity was , it was both dark and light , both harmful and safe .
` ` who i am and who you have made me become are two separate entities , and they will dual against one another .
and what it was i could n't remember reading about an entity named ashmodai .
who you are and who she has made you become are , indeed , two separate entities , bane .
would you not sacrifice your own life in order to rid sleepy hallow of these evil entities ?
lucifer is a powerful entity .
if a fallen angel was an entity that had been ambitious and expelled from paradise , then it could nt be a good thing .
although he was an entity out of the ordinary , being stricken with such seriousness was nt good for sure .
angels , saints and other divine entities also are nt interested in us .
backstory | final fantasy vi a thousand years before , three entities known as the warring triad initiated a conflict that would come to be called the war of the magi .
how could council , the entity that raised me , the being that embodied our entire history , fall apart ?
nothingness made woman in such a way that , for every entity that man possessed , for every object that he produced , woman could create tenfold .
` ` this is a chart of all the entities that bostoff securities owns . ''
janet hoped that her bewilderment was not apparent on her face as she examined the chart of bostoff entities .
` ` as far as the actual creation of offshore entities is concerned , the process has pretty much been streamlined , so you wo n't have to be concerned about anything there .
now , let 's go over some of the recently created entities ? ''
there were about ten different entities .
the structure seemed odd to say the least , but tom had cited a specific business purpose for each entity .
janet 's last investigation at the da 's office had been on a money laundering scheme , which was operating through a use of off - shore entities .
i showed her the entities owned by bostoff securities .
emperial for one , and just this week , some entity called impala group of which i ' ve never heard before . ''
yes , he had helped incorporate entities for bostoff , and yes , he drafted contracts for the firm , but other than that , janet was none the wiser today than she had been the day before .
never stated , of course , but it had been there like a separate entity in the hard eyes of the leering men who d questioned her .
david kept a close watch on emma , his worry over her state of mind momentarily displacing his concerns about how they would actually exit the country without detection by the secret police and various other government entities .
after months of dodging my friends , i d finally succeeded in becoming an unknown entity .
kari , you should ve told me neil mars was coming for dinner to our place tonight ! she says neil mars like its a saleable entity or something.i would ve certainly planned better for this evening ...
it was certainly a better solution than marrying some as yet unknown entity when she knew her heart belonged to nicolas and always would .
the one that made the universe has many names : the almighty , the great creator , god , buddha , allah , many others , but it is just one entity .
i do not know which particular demon or entity has overseen my capture , but i will do my best to find out and escape this place .
it was composed of once physically , living entities from many planes of existence .
this violent death had caused her ghost or spiritual entity to maintain its little girl form after her death instead of allowing her to be seen as her grown up self .
not all spiritual entities are evil , john ?
if not all spiritual entities are evil then it stands to reason that some of those entities can also be helpful if they are somehow brought into this plane or someone from this plane goes to them , right ?
if not all spiritual entities are evil then it stands to reason that some of those entities can also be helpful if they are somehow brought into this plane or someone from this plane goes to them , right ?
john had said it was like foreplay to the entities of the mist .
he still was not used to having his wife 's voice in his head whenever the mist entities were around .
the humans were the sanctioned entities of this plane .
marcie had explained that sometimes after an evil event like a murder certain energy hungry entities gathered around to feed off the misery of those left behind .
but , let a serial killer or a mass murderer or some evil entity who does not belong in your plane get within your perception range , and your alarms will go off like bells in a firehouse .
they would be horrified to discover the multitudes of living entities that traveled through their ordinary shadows .
marcie reminded kathy that she could call for john herself , now that they were part of the mist 's collective entities .
the other entities of the mist would divert anyone entering it until emil moved it out of the path when they were done .
now , as a living entity , he was strong enough to hold his own against the brothers .
i ' m sorry you can imagine it , john said in an momentary display of compassion towards the entity in his head .
we are ordinary entities , john .
lowering , they both scooped madison up , and the three embraced , making their family one entity .
most supernatural entities would kill michael if given the chance .
the hela poison is an ever - changing parasite that feeds on the bodies and energies of supernatural entities .
it was as if a switch had been thrown , effectively turning the forest from a living breathing entity to a photograph of muted greys , blacks and silvers .
he pushed his will until it became a tangible living entity and slither around her mind and pressed against her until she gave in and practically fell back to the chair .
a life mate is that perfect entity that was created to love and be loved by one specific wolf .
we were melting into this unified entity , and it was hard to imagine what life was like before the parker brothers , before every weakness was protected , every blind spot covered .
the wording of the spell was simple , and there was nt a sentient entity being called , so the risk seemed minimal , but a little reverence from participants was a focal point of concentration .
she reluctantly moved towards the entity that seemed to be beckoning her closer .
with each repeated phrase the entity would weakened , making the distortion shift and but it was what she beyond that gave her strength .
its beautiful , leila sighed with wonder , transfixed by the entity that she was compelled to protect , and scared witless at the same time by the extreme good and bad that made up the grimoire .
it was an entity which blindly passed by .
her sadness was thick and heavy like an entity of its own .
~~~ joni yawned as dr . birchman pronounced the federal reserve an illegal , private entity .
but for all they could see or tell or feel , the snow - bound world belonged to them and they to it , a two - part entity full engaged in reciprocal praise and thanks .
his mind , his heart , his whole body longed for whole touch against her again , longed to merge their two skins into one flesh again , make themselves again into the single entity they d been .
she stood strong in my arms , a separate entity from me , even while i desperately wanted to pull her body against my chest and let her melt into my skin .
we were like one entity .
in addressing just the first two entities mentioned , the progenitor and the phantom of the skies , there was so much that needed answering .
he was an invisible entity unless they were dead .
he could nt put his finger on it , but it felt like a black cloud was following him around , sucking the very life out of him , an entity all into itself .
as she studied the floor , she truly looked like the heavenly entity she was .
but this was business , and ryan understood the requirement of keeping his life and that of the business as separate entities .
i wanted to bolt , but my feet were suddenly glued to the ground , as if some invisible entity was holding me in place .
four ungodly entities pressed into her mind .
when roman spoke again , it was with the voice of several angry entities .
an entity way scarier than akeldama .
no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted by any person or entity , in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , scanning or by any information storage and retrieval system , without prior permission in writing from the author and publisher .
the entity you call the black hole , stanley , is one of us .
my beard growing as i believed michelle was part of the entity that did nothing for me .
it 's as if a gathering of magical entities generated a different sort of energy which dragged their little ectoplasmic goo blobs down from the spirit pot in the sky .
now that she was so close to giving birth her body almost felt like a separate entity she had to drag with her .
the powerful entity in the audience had me a little worried .
we stepped out of the confines of our physical entities and became truly one !
all walking , running , biking , or rollerblading thru a menagerie of sights , sounds , and smells , with each separate entity together creating a montage of humanity all vying for the attention of the others .
well , i suppose some of it will be , but the demons and malphas are unknown entities in reality .
his boyish features were betrayed by an air of gravity that surrounded him , existing like separate entity she swore she could touch if she tried .
it had practically entered on its own , as separate entities , ahead of them .
she just wanted to identify who the enemies were as opposed to allowing them to remain phantom , faceless entities menacing her thoughts .
her entire body was alight , glowing and blazing with energy so strong it felt like a separate entity , like a great beast stretching and readied to strike .
she had railed at the entity other people believed in , the god others claimed was so generous and loving .
we become a homogenous entity , expendable and interchangeable . ''
the navy did divide shares of prize - money among the crew , according to formula - but the navy was the navy ; crews acted much more as single entities than did army companies , and there were admiralty courts set up to deal with the sale of captured prize - ships .
he blinked , and twisted his lips , obviously at a loss as how to describe this entity .
that night rakoczy lay with his head on madeleine 's bosom , eyes closed , breathing the scent of her body , feeling the whole of her between his palms , a slowly pulsing entity of light .
rakoczy could n't help thinking of the cathedral as an entity .
i always thought food critics were unknown entities who can hide their identity and sneak into famous restaurants .
scotty looked at her husband as an unknown entity , his big dark eyes following andrew 's movements around the kitchen as leah explained pam 's sorry predicament .
two separate entities . ''
all the air in his lungs froze in place , the red light now the only entity keeping him here so he could gaze upon laura 's face .
okay , he looked just as good dressed as he did nak*d . tension was practically a living entity in his suddenly very small bedroom .
you said it yesterday : it 's become its own entity .
' the bar and restaurant are a separate entity .
they were separate entities now : bobby and claire versus meghann .
add that to two sightings by quinn - an outsider - and it sure as hell seemed the entity that plagued the town was starting its jollies early .
the energy the ... well , entity or entities , the actions , the emotions thereof , leave behind , and the energy of the people within its sphere , let 's say .
the energy the ... well , entity or entities , the actions , the emotions thereof , leave behind , and the energy of the people within its sphere , let 's say .
we 're not going to suddenly jump sides and put on the uniform of some dark entity who tries to kill a dog to get his rocks off .
i ' ve got to tell you , though , entities like this raise obvious red flags . ''
feeling like a malicious entity - selfish and wanting - he eventually let go .
it was a constant entity throughout his childhood , being his father was a huge fan .
though i took jobs searching for any paranormal entity - beggars could n't be choosers - the true focus of my quest should have been a lycanthrope .
i was going to find a paranormal entity - be it a loup - garou , a vampire , a zombie , or something i 'd never heard of - and expose it to the world .
the navy did divide shares of prize money among the crew , according to formula - but the navy was the navy ; crews acted much more as single entities than did army companies , and there were admiralty courts set up to deal with the sale of captured prize ships .
to keep the populace calm , part of the j - s job description was to invent excuses , smooth over the edges , make sure that those who were murdered by evil entities were not searched for by the authorities or their families .
oh , and the demonic entities who wanted to fuck me for no other reason than that i was there .
as i turned slowly with a stiff - legged gait , wavering entities surrounded me .
she closed her eyes , reaching out again , her longing for her sister a tangible , breathing entity .
are you your own entity now ? ''
` ` very few entities are powerful enough to create patinas , and those that can guard them closely .
single entities became visible , autonomous .
her head jerked back like some invisible entity had just slapped her across the face .
fate 's course was set , his path decided by a higher entity .
their desire was a living , breathing entity that swelled to enormous proportions .
he had power over her that she 'd never imagined another entity having .
anxiety is a living , breathing entity inside of me .
fury was a living , breathing entity inside of him , crawling around his stomach and sending razor blades through his heart .
panic raced through her , a living , breathing entity shredding her insides until it was nearly impossible to breathe .
when presented with a weaker entity , they attacked .
i stared at the ceiling as if it were the most fascinating entity on the planet .
murdering , demonic , soulless entities . ''
the largest - and best - of the companies under his command , he had managed to keep collet 's company together for more than two years , drilled and brought on with such skill as essentially to act as a single entity .
he woke to a sensation of drowning and gasped for air , then froze , gripped by a pain so intense that he actually saw it , as a physical entity separate from himself .
taryn was looking at the boy as if he were the most adorable entity on the planet .
chant something silly to the entity of earth mother .
my research began when you started taking over hotels and transforming them into profitable entities .
she had walked across the room with purpose in her bone leather pumps , as if her body were only along for the ride , and almost a separate entity .
of course , she 'd made the job quite easy for the entity .
funny , most women he dated viewed food as a necessity or an evil entity that incited weight gain .
to top it off , his majestically erect c*ck sprung from his groin like a separate entity , swaying side by side as he walked .
during her days at the plantation she 'd begun to think of the jungle as a living entity , huge and green , surrounding her , waiting .
he nodded , turned around , and by the time he texted dom and made it outside into the smog - filled street , he felt the weight of the ballroom 's abyss crammed with unending , unyielding , soul sucking entities peel off , disappear , fade away , and leave him breathless .
after this second loss , the medicine society had taken the two of them to a private hut , there to sing and beat drums and to dance in huge painted masks , meant to frighten away whatever evil entities might be hampering ian 's spirit - or unduly strengthening emily 's .
when the small blind entity , unique in its union of egg and sperm , comes to anchor from the perilous voyage of beginning , home from its brief , free - floating existence in the body , and settles to its busy work of division , drawing sustenance from the flesh in which it embeds itself , in a connection that belongs to neither side , but to both .
it was that , i suppose , added to the incredible soothing heat , that gave me the momentary illusion that the spring was alive - a warm , welcoming entity that reached out to soothe and embrace .
and even if natural scientists of the time were aware of sperm as separate entities , rather than a homogenous substance , it occurred to me that they probably did n't have any idea what sperm actually did .
the smaller entities glided warily along the margins of the web , with an eye out always for the movements of the bigger ones - for spiders were cannibals - and so , she thought , were ambitious men .
other ladies chipping in here , i finally gathered that the fire , while obviously powerful and to be treated with deep respect , was a beneficial entity .
but as the coughing fit refused to lessen and the smoke burned my throat , the weakness became a tangible entity .
aidan stood silently , absorbing the fact that she recognized the nightmares as separate entities .
in a way , gabe 's parents ' divorce was much like losing them , even if they were still alive , because nothing would ever be the same again and he 'd be forced to view his parents as separate entities now .
at the center of it was a coiled , black entity , covered in scales and flame .
he remained silent , holding her through the bars , feeling the pain in her like a living , breathing entity .
tying all of these entities together is the covenant , another name for nephilim law .
no human has , of course , ever visited that city and returned to tell the tale , so it is impossible to make any definite statements about it and what it is like , or even to say whether it can be described as a physical entity in the manner of our cities at all .
this does not count the many other entities in other mythological traditions that are similar in form or function and may or may not be the same demon .
they do , however , collect into colonies in the shape of a humanoid and attack as a unified single entity .
idris is meant as a hidden sanctuary from the mundane , and as a home , not as a political entity among the nations of the world , and as such , its borders can never be altered .
within the jewish , christian , and muslim traditions there are dozens of variations on the story of these two ur - demons and their offspring , and in other major religious traditions there are tales that may or may not be discussing the same entities .
the uncanny is a grim and ghostly entity , inching toward you in the shadows that cut across a bright afternoon when your skin prickles and there is no breeze to blame .
all those girls that comprised my life before - it was as if they were phantoms - an entire invisible parade of entities that evaporated like smoke once i was through with them .
was evil itself a separate entity , or nothing more than a result ?
grief was a living , breathing entity inside her .
his nostrils flared slightly , and the tension rolling through his body was a tangible , breathing entity .
it told him that if any of them survived , the four of them would buck the odds and make the strange entity of marriage work .
` ` we know the three men released the entity we call twisse , as that was the name it was last known by , by performing a blood ritual .
or would he shrivel up , become a soulless entity , just counting down the days until death ?
the desire for vengeance was huge , the need to rip this animal apart a living , breathing entity within him .
maybe together we were this volatile entity that would either implode or meld together .
she 'd wanted him last night and this morning , but this ache was a living , breathing entity taking over her whole being , suppressing all but the desperate craving to feel logan filling up every empty bit of her with every hard inch of him .
my heart and head are no longer separate entities .
` ` but ms . jacoby is n't a known entity in the circles we inhabit- '' translation : i ' m a nobody , so he does n't have to worry that i 'll be recognized at a competitor 's luxury property even though jessica has been tweeting about me to all the cyberspace rubberneckers in boston .
` ` your family- '' ` ` -is more of a corporate entity than a family , '' he assured her .
in her line of work , it was n't unusual for a buyer to wish to remain unknown , sometimes using a business entity through which to make purchases .
a layer of corporate entities obscured his identity , but the buyer is none other than the marquess of easterbridge . ''
` ` apparently , my uncle believed that the corporate entity to whom he was selling was a cloak for a wealthy foreigner who preferred anonymity .