what if we offered introductory courses in auto mechanics , building construction and agriculture ?
under ` ` a '' she found information on agriculture along with an illustration of verdant wheat fields against a backdrop of gentle hills .
he has a team of city planners , architects , engineers , teachers and doctors who are working together to drill for fresh , clean drinking water , plant crops and teach the local people about agriculture and farming as well as building a school for the children to ensure the next generation is prepared to lead .
` ` and would n't it be sweet to stick it to little miss know - it - all - ecologically - sustained - agriculture after what she done to us ? ''
their ideas about agriculture and sustaining the land were archaic at best , unrealistic at worst .
we ' ve made plans to do something different in agriculture to expand our income base beyond what we 're makin ' as part of the mckay ranch .
i told them that the extent of my agriculture knowledge was my weekly stroll down the produce aisle at the grocery store .
i should not be surprised - the amity spend their lives accomplishing feats of agriculture like this one , with the help of erudite technology .
cara and caleb work in the laboratories at the compound , which are now a small segment of the department of agriculture that works to make agriculture more efficient , capable of feeding more people .
` ` i was reading an article about community supported agriculture on the airplane yesterday . ''
hoping for a revelation , he started visiting the web sites of various cities in idaho and bordering states , to gain familiarity with the area and make note of population , agriculture and industry .
maybe he really loved snow and agriculture programs .
on the water supply and agriculture , the atmosphere itself ?
you ever wondered why the midwestern states are so big on agriculture ?
elsewhere there is oyeji , african goddess of agriculture and a daughter of the house of ogun .
we ve also got some pretty robust farms going on out here , despite the area not being optimized for agriculture .
ryan told them that he thought the difference in openness and helpfulness was that the south had its roots in agriculture .
there might be agriculture going on now , although the tren did drop off their environmental high horse when it came to mining ore for their fleet .
humans survived as they always seemed to do despite their fragile bodies , going on to further harness their environment , to produce crops and food to sustain themselves , to develop agriculture .
he oversaw agriculture and made sure people were producing the proper quantities of food assigned to them .
for instance she had filled the already occupied sills of the tuna cans with bowls of wheatgrass for the feast of st . andrew to the distress of the displaced felines and the mumbling protests of the sisters whose crowded quarters were grating their nerves already and who saw enough agriculture during the day not to need a reminder indoors for their few hours of rest .
ebens use a form of organic agriculture to harvest food items .
this was an area of agriculture and it struck me how similar it appeared to the area between the stockades in the realm of the ognods , all be it on a smaller scale .
i trade in two different markets , crystals and agriculture .
it also serves as an allegorical metaphor for the time when agriculture replaced the ways of the hunter - gather .
however , as much i think everyone would love to be consistently rain and cloud free , we do have to ensure that agriculture in the area is taken care of , and so we do need maintenance storms like the one aaron will be creating .
they practically orbited korots only inhabitable planet , filled with dominion exploration and agriculture colonies .
marina knew about the dead people but she was maintaining the fantasy that jorge had spun , about mr . wilcox taking the detoros to an agriculture exhibit .
table of contents hickbots agriculture was one of the last industries to be fully automated , because it 's one of the most unpredictable .
treatises on agriculture and shipping methods . ''
when he returned to his books , he found the history of bayardian agriculture no more interesting than before .
i do nt know anything about the fundamentals of your urban designs or requirements for habitation , but if there were twenty million humans living in one space , like for example in present day cairo , those humans would require extremely large quantities of infrastructure such as buildings and roads to support industry and agriculture .
children only attended two days a week as most spent the rest of their time in agriculture .
the remnants of infrastructure and manufactured goods that remained and which were in a state of decay were restored or recycled , and whole new industries were generated around bringing back the comforts of the modern age , many of which were now found in forms that used renewable energy , sustainable agriculture , and natural and non - toxic materials .
after the climate collapse , things had been hard , but many regions were slowly but surely building up renewed agriculture using the modified plant seeds that were showing up .
she made a mental note to check into their growing agriculture program to see if there was any way they could increase their crop yield .
if i remember correctly , nearly all of those worlds that were attacked were mining or agriculture worlds .
` ` agriculture this time , '' said jiao , looking at the colony information .
the colony was one of the largest agriculture colonies in the mehar empire and also one of the largest of the entire coalition .
the system and three planets were fully dedicated to agriculture ; if the war was going to be prolonged , loss of agriculture colonies would be felt throughout the coalition as the food reserves started to diminish .
the system and three planets were fully dedicated to agriculture ; if the war was going to be prolonged , loss of agriculture colonies would be felt throughout the coalition as the food reserves started to diminish .
one of the reports said that the kaitians had pulled three of their cruisers from one of the arash agriculture worlds and sent them in the direction of mopian space .
the rg'tkeen grand admiral , william , the gemono minister of agriculture , and the others ?
* * * two dozen enemy cruisers defended a kaitian agriculture colony .
captain kould of the kaitians defended the small agriculture colony and destroyed three ships , but failed to stop william from dropping the nanovirus bomb to the planet .
after a brief return to selesta and a visit to the two continents over the great ocean , she had returned to the arid center of flourishing cultures , where the ki - engi and ki - uri people worshipped half - human , half - sea creature gods who had , legend said , given the people agriculture , metalworking , and most recently , writing .
he had read they now use them for agriculture and thought , wow , cool as shit , they must be using it to check the crops .
amiliba was a strange combination of agriculture and pharmaceuticals .
a major element was a revival of natural agriculture in the valley .
i doubt this place can support even the basic crops of agriculture .
like a lot of worlds , hancox 1 is n't suitable for agriculture .
it was outfitted with agriculture environments during the growth crisis , and given weapons for the first and second inter - solar wars .
i not only command fleets and armies , but agriculture , transportation , trade , and other aspects that impact the lives of billions of citizens .
the former was tuned to cnn , while her companions spoke of religion , culture , and agriculture , and everything in between .
all this agriculture equipment would have required mechanics .
morning leanne woke early , while the lights in her agriculture pod were still dim and the sun was hidden behind the station .
looking back he could see her struggling to hold the agriculture pod 's automatic door open .
most of the people they passed were farmers heading to nearby agriculture pods or the edge of the dome where ancient residential lawns had been turned to farmland for the growing of cigarleaf and soycorn .
betrix frowned , she had never been much of a cook , but rat ... this man was from the rhine , someplace far from any agriculture pods .
colder climate may ruin our agriculture , and we currently provide 99 % of our own food .
they have practiced agriculture here for over ten thousand years .
that 's a very long time to practice agriculture without wearing out the soil . ''
` ` i suspect that they may have originated agriculture in this part of the world , '' added jack .
` ` they had a necessity to stay here and the only way they could do it was to develop agriculture that was sustainable . ''
hunters and gatherers , yes , and later on we 'll invent agriculture . ''
raph had traveled before , but never eastward , and the decline of agriculture on the road impressed him .
some five hundred miles inland , set in lush farm land , agriculture remained centric .
the settlers grow vegetables , as you saw , and they have some animals , too , but large - scale agriculture must wait until the community is larger and there are irrigation facilities .
they want us to get back to the soil and to natural agriculture .
a water planet more so than most - rich in water and poor in minerals , good in agriculture and poor in heavy industry , but the best in the galaxy in high technology and in miniaturization .
the people of trelburg live on fish , and some little bread ; they do no agriculture or farming , although the marshlands surrounding the town contain areas suitable for growing .
i asked of herger why there was no agriculture , and he said to me , ` ` these are warriors .
however , duladel never left his mind - he studied farming and agriculture , though both were useless in elantris .
the climate might support some agriculture .
it was a map of pandora , rotatable , and at the touch of a key it highlighted populated areas , agriculture , fishing and mining .
islanders claimed eminence in agriculture , textiles and meteorology .
` ` in general we know the pie were extremely advanced for their time - their use of horses , the wheel , tools , and agriculture made them a force in the region , and their descendants went on to dominate the world from europe to india .
` ` what about peasants burning forestland for grazing and agriculture ?
the irish storytellers do admit it was the fomorians who passed on knowledge of agriculture to the celts .
so it makes me wonder if the celts learned something from the conquered fomorians , something more than just agriculture .
and according to those same stories , the fomorians shared their abundant knowledge of agriculture , a skill well honed by the egyptians along the nile .
with their skill in agriculture , the egyptians must have discovered some type of fungal parasite that could wreak havoc and lay waste to a village .
with its agriculture , there would be hundreds of transports a day there .
elvi was on a planet with no sustainable agriculture , an inedible ecosystem , and where touching the wrong thing would kill her on the spot .
then we invented agriculture and language .
rank among the alorns was - still is , probably - based on the ownership of land suitable for agriculture , and those southern valleys are highly coveted .
i pillaged uncle beldin 's library for treatises on agriculture - largely written by scholars at the university of melcene - and i applied the most advanced techniques in my domain .
` ` he 's become rather intensely involved in agriculture . ''
only regolith seemed to be in endless supply , but their water and agriculture , their forest industry and metal - recycling plants were all dependent on the space within the atmosphere - and - gravity - controlled domes , and the materials that had been brought up from earth so many generations ago .
bradley also taught us maths and agriculture , and was pretty much my favourite person on the whole convoy , even though he made me sit next to steff taylor since we were the only girls our age in all of the caretaker families .
after science had finished , as promised , they now had double agriculture with charlie .
my parents really wanted me to study agriculture so i could help my brother when they get older .
from the erythrarean sea he would rise to teach mankind basic arts ; agriculture , metallurgy , architecture , navigation , mathematics and natural medicines .
we had books on agriculture , farming and science .
when i d asked for a book to read at the midday meal , the maid had brought me the typical sort of material we d had back at the compoundthe history of agriculture or some such nonsense .
derella is my province and agriculture and fishing flourish there .
he travelled across akea , to help in the development of agriculture .
worse for the people , had been the effects on agriculture .
the only reason why she was nt relocated was because her father is the chief of agriculture on the council .
harvesting these aquatic gardens combined the best of agriculture and engineering .
he lectured on the benefits of a more stable agriculture , the usefulness of technology , the value of a centralized government .
your majesty , very respected men and women of the council , i am ketzah kowato , a scientist of agriculture here in poseidl .
remember i have been living on the farm for eight years and i read all the agriculture magazines and articles i can get my hands on .
fruits and nuts from trees , domestic water fowl , and many varieties of fish provide a free diet , yet the increase in population requires systematic agriculture .
their final selection was barrie dey , a third year university student who had to complete three month 's practical work on a high country farm as part of his bachelor of agriculture degree .
the hillsides were too steep for agriculture and the sparse vegetation clung close to the ground , cowed by the bitter , salt drenched , gales .
other eccentrics tried to escape in smaller dwellings based on renewable energy , ecological agriculture , houses built from waste , an island floating on pet - bottles and so on .
if i wanted your picture to use it to campaign against gm agriculture , would you give it to me ?
tulare county is one of the top most productive agriculture counties in the world .
michelle decides to wash the dishes and dust the shelves in the living room before the agriculture specialist shows up .
the wide range of activities that fao is involved in are crucial for continually improving world agriculture and feeding the worlds people .
everyone relating to food and agriculture will testify to your spirit and ability .
the last report in the folder is from gonzalo rodriguez , outlining effects that superpower may have on local worm populations and local agriculture .
most importantly of all , to agriculture .
while biological factors such as the type of vegetation or particular species of earthworms in an area affect the engineering efficiency of the earthworms , in agriculture it is abundantly clear that they are invaluable , to say the least . ''
has it spread into the central valley , there 's like a billion dollars worth of agriculture in that area ? ''
never has there been such a strange and unknown occurrence in agriculture in his entire career .
` ` we ' ve had a case of food - and - mouth disease documented ; at a farm near bakersfield had a case of foot - and - mouth several years ago- unfortunately the farmer conveniently forgot to report that to us until we ran a thorough background check on the history of farm and agriculture virulence in the region . ''
` ` get me every bit of research on bio - weapons that affect agriculture .
maybe he does n't see , that if ewk-1 gets its way around the globe , there wo n't be much agriculture left for fao to develop .
if the search teams could get several specimens to ucla , and if the worms would be willing to mate , and if numerous offspring were produced and survived , krishnan imagined that the giant palouse could potentially be a critical step to repairing the ecosystems and agriculture currently in jeopardy .
` ` , exclaims konovalov defensively , ` ` what possible other purpose could there be to such a superstrain other than disrupting a nation 's agriculture ?
` ` it was also started by dr . medina , as a proposed way of finding ways of countering enemy agents that harm our agriculture .
but even if we prevent ewk-1 from affecting our heartland and agriculture , we have heard today of the virus harming humans as well .
rather , a massive , worldwide investment and construction and development of infrastructure that supports high density high yield agriculture in a human controlled setting .
with complete disregard for maintaining small , viable populations of fish and other marine organisms for future use , oceans have been overharvested as a response to the decline of food from land based agriculture .
` ` agriculture , throughout human history , has revolved and evolved from the basics of farming .
yet , in a way it was quite logical that international air travel had not suffered the same way as had agriculture , the timber industry , or any other economic activity that depended on plants .
there were once again rumors of war in southern asia as pakistan now eyed the fertile ganges river basin as a last bastion of agriculture in the region , a vital resource that was feeding its rival india instead .
for many millenia , the species has domesticated a wide and varied range of other species to build the foundations of the their civilization , which arguably has been the invention of agriculture , more than any other technological breakthrough .
they are contracted to clear up some hectares of this island for new development and they will also be doing some simpler duties to maintain the islands agriculture .
his best students often got scholarships to study in the states after they left the farm school and when they returned to their country they usually found important jobs in a nation that was still highly dependent on agriculture .
our economy , our whole way of life of life is run on one commodity : oil ; agriculture , industry , transport , our military .
frank , sister maria , and i have established sites for the mark that are remote , yet have plenty of water and good soil for agriculture .
in america , the soils used in the majority of agriculture are largely depleted of nutrients due to over - farming and quick return harvesting .
adele , what school inside our state has a very large agriculture program ?
mikhail worked hard in soviet agriculture , whist natasha made a small income as a seamstress .
` ` ok , before we break for lunch , i want to work on agriculture and interior , '' says dewitt .
now , we live in the age of houses , bathroom and kitchen appliances , plumbing , industrialised agriculture ...
a diverse agriculture is key to our islands self - sufficiency and sustainability .
they have simply lost all interest in agriculture .
why did all ancient civilizations get a boost at the same point , they all seemed to , without communicating to one another , understand architecture , agriculture , urbanization and astronomy .
7 ) aircraft disinfection fact : many countries require the interior cabin of an aircraft to be disinfected against vector - borne diseases , such as yellow fever and malaria , and also sprayed with insecticide to kill off non - indigenous pests that may prove harmful to local agriculture .
they needed the ability to discuss agriculture , biology , energy , counterfeiting money and prescription medicine , it , chemistry , banking , real estate , law enforcement , and environmental science .
it came from a different generation of agriculture .
there was agriculture here , in the old days .
but really he knew nothing at all about agriculture .
there was agriculture going on to the left and the right .
no agriculture there .
i know practically nothing except that a man on top of an alp is making efforts to improve our agriculture and livestock .
now it 's going fine , except that peru keeps most of the guano to herself , for her own agriculture .
` ` humans have evolved incrementally over millennia , inventing new technologies along the way - rubbing sticks together for warmth , developing agriculture to feed ourselves , inventing vaccines to fight disease , and now , creating genetic tools to help engineer our own bodies so we can survive in a changing world . ''
there are dozens of third world countries that have no access to modern methods of agriculture and manufacturing .
this is lucas janklow , administrative consul ; eddie maltz , political consul ; patricia hatfield , your economic consul ; david wallace , head of administration ; ted thompson , agriculture .
` ` and this is a state where they elect highway commissioners , public service commissioners , the state treasurer , state commissioners of insurance and agriculture , county tax collectors , county coroners , everybody but the dogcatcher , '' barry said .
they knew little about mass production , factories , science , or even agriculture outside their own farming areas .
nogales 's business was agriculture , shipments from its sister town continuously coming across the border for packaging and transshipping all across the united states .
the matarese were a law unto themselves , drawing revenues from the major ports , tributes and bribes from the growing industries of agriculture and resort developers who had to use their docking facilities and their roads .
the barn had been built long ago , when moderate size and wooden construction had been appropriate for nebraska agriculture .
i learned more about agriculture in mideastern ohio than i ever wanted to know .
it seemed one of his neighbors had a grown son who had studied agriculture at the university and planned to someday take over the family farm or start his own concern .
we only do agriculture . ''
his plans for better irrigation and agriculture were warmly applauded by the people of lancre , who then did nothing about them .
and armies do n't do much for agriculture except marginally raise the fertility of the battlefield .
for example , she maintained that the discovery of agriculture had actually come about because tribes who lived very well by hunting wanted to have hallucinogenic plants ever available to them for religious trances .
my kind are n't the most fertile in the world - there are less than one thousand of us in the united states - and when you normals turned from hunting to agriculture , you started popping out kids like it was going out of style .
for another , we were outside the city limits in the rural counties , where agriculture far outnumbered people .
` ` where they do n't know a damn thing about agriculture , '' he shot back , tussling a little with her .
soren had said it himself in the agriculture dome .
marco leaves the prism to take up agriculture .
priority had immediately been given to agriculture , but with the continuing drought coupled to the increasing shortages of fuel , fertilizer , transportation , and even seed .
the great industrial agriculture system ground to a halt its machinery idle , and fields fallow .
a few gulf of mexico oil wells and refineries were still producing they were key to keeping the fishing fleets operating and jump starting agriculture .
florida and california 's agriculture had been wiped out , and it was imperative to get farming in both states up and running as soon as possible .
were setting up a number of fuel depots along the river and trying to get agriculture going in central florida .
they had elected a council to keep things on track and though it had been a struggle had managed to keep their agriculture going and their population was now able to feed itself .
there were between three and six hundred thousand of the population left , they had subsisted mainly on fish but were expanding agriculture and managing to feed themselves .
yes , there is the agriculture there .
i have a knowledge of the agriculture .
the state of israels economy was then very poor , based mainly on agriculture , small stores , light industry , and hiring people by the government : getting them have a desk or letting them dig and cover pits for the sake of registrating them as employed .
rica and zafira were passing a building that seemed to be dedicated to agriculture ; it was a pyramid shaped building that was massive , rica estimated that it took up twelve city blocks .
zafira pulled into a parking spot and said , okay , we have to walk from here , if you thought our agriculture building was big wait till you see the academy of the arts !
it has been well established that the ancient race of central americans were the first to develop writing and agriculture in this hemisphere .
the first was agriculture .
the gifts of language , writing , agriculture and , most importantly , the gift of the mastery of the holy red stone , all came from the deity of the olmec .
he had discovered places in the forest and the surroundings of the farm where he would go to re - energise himself , one of the places he liked to sit most was on the steps of the library in shrewsbury where he had studied agriculture .
he had invested much of his savings in the cargo of ironware agriculture implements and machinery , all of which would sell readily in a fast growing colony .
ordon village was a growing nexus of agriculture and the mayor could nt have been happier to welcome another able bodied boy willing to earn his stay .
he taught the people agriculture , building and civilization .
i do n't know about you , but i ' m having a hard time believing that these guys are agriculture employees , ted said .
a typical meal in a country that had let its agriculture go to pot .
he decided to get started by sorting everything into piles based on what needed doing : one pile for things associated with money , another for guards and military , and a third for agriculture and resources .
so our cute little humans began their first foray into agriculture and now they did nt even need their adorable little nostrils to find prey for food .
even under the classification of commissioners balagot and rojas , as aforestated , about 50 % of the property is not improved by man nor dedicated to agriculture , for about 95 hectares are pasture land and 70 hectares are forest land .
when cross - examined by the fiscal of the province of la union , he declared that the appraisal he made for the property in damortis , la union , and that in aringay was only with respect to its adaptability and suitability for agriculture and not for purposes of determining the fair and reasonable value ( tsn , pp .
the land of castelvi had not been devoted to agriculture since 1974 when it was leased to the philippine army .
the dawn of a new age of agriculture will not find its inception by such a meager showing .
now he was stuck studying botany and agriculture .
early agriculture might not have started without the help of the wolf , which means canis familiaris ( ahem , yours truly ) was responsible for the evolution of human civilization .
the sheer amount of agriculture in the river valleys of agon meant that the country was a powerhouse in the trade for food goods .
it was surrounded by lush green pasture lands , particularly on the east , and these were of course advantageous to a thriving economy in livestock though agriculture flourished as well .
their political alliance would make sense ; ravenel would be a jewel to add to his holdings , and kersen would provide much - needed agriculture compared to the rocky outcroppings of her mountain home .
humans were alone in their pursuits of agriculture and husbandry .
there have been major changes in the agriculture system over the past fifty years .
i know nothing of agriculture , but perhaps since the land has been fertile so long , moisture will remain in the cycle .
parador has smiled on us with those two , went on borolis picking up his wifes thoughts quite naturally , and referring to the goddess of agriculture .
they rode admiring all the agriculture and the sight of the farms , fields of rice and other vegetation .
we might also want to convert more of our open land to agriculture , and to build more greenhouses , so that we can be self - sufficient .
for awhile , he had considered a system rather like slash - and - burn agriculture , abandoning neighborhoods when they became totally impoverished , and returning to them when they recovered .
* * serex , the abbot of miracle foods , stood reverently before the altar of ixo tilar , goddess of agriculture .
amatheon had been a deity of agriculture .
he was amatheon , a god of agriculture , but he was more than that .
but i ' ve learned about farming , agriculture , digging wells .
aside from mount shasta and the lake and the agriculture , there 's nothing going on there .
' ah ... it 's a sort of agriculture , ' said vimes .
said the high priest of teg , the horse - headed god of agriculture .
dwarfs do n't go in much for agriculture .
nobby was clean - shaven - at least , the last time he 'd shaved he 'd been cleanshaven - but his face had so many minor topological features it looked like a very bad example of slash - and - burn agriculture .
he does n't know much about agriculture !
this unending task - along with the need to carry water to most of the new , unir1rigated fields - created a very labor - intensive system of agriculture .
he discovered their agriculture in the first week .
briac was just another form of the name brian , and had nothing to do with plants or agriculture .
but every advance in industry and agriculture reduces the number of work - people required .
what about agriculture ? '
whilst these two states were heavily reliant upon agriculture themselves , at least they had good communications and land upon which to base future growth , but to have growth in any area there has to be both long- and short- term investment .
i say this without jealousy but with the desire to educate - everything , from writing to lighting a cigar ( remember , the humble match had yet to be invented in 1811 ) to major things like transportation and agriculture , was much more difficult than it is today .
with the number of people multiplying far faster than the bounty of the earth , the money and power was no longer in agriculture , either as a cultivator or as a landlord .
chapter nine helena the empire celebrated the ambarvalia , a festival dedicated to the gods of agriculture .
that would nt be in character of ninsutu , sumerian goddess of agriculture , would it ?
the end of envy books of the heptalogy the seculary of a wandering jew book 2 lust iv - vi centuries spalatum / byzantium / constantinople the end of paganism and the victory of christianity book 3 pride xith century levant / jerusalem the crusaders and the kingdom of jerusalem / islamism book 4 wrath xivth century holy roman empire black death and the birth of europe book 5 gluttony xvith century vatican / saxony leo x / luther / indulgences and protestant reformation book 6 greed xviith / xviiith centuries america / england colonialism book 7 sloth xxth century france / united states science / materialism / atheism - closure list of characters the family ahasver * - narrator isaac * - brother of ahasver rebecca * - wife of isaac ruth * - wife of ahasver , proselyte simon * - son of isaac simon ( father ) * - father of ahasver and isaac yeshua * - son of ahasver the messianics / christians abiram * - head of the messianics in arimathea barnabas - missionary and companion to saul cephas - simon peter , apostle , first bishop of rome ephraim * - miracle worker in jaffa hermione - daughter of philip , the evangelist hila - daughter of philip , the evangelist james - james , the just , apostle , first bishop of jerusalem james - james , the great , apostle , martyr linus - second bishop of rome philip - philip the evangelist , one of the seven deacons philip - head of the messianics in tiberias saul - paul of tarsus , disciple and missionary silas - missionary and companion to saul simeon - second bishop of jerusalem stephen - one of the seven deacons , protomartyr thadeus * - head of the messianics in jericho timon * - head of the messianics in jaffa yeshua ( prophet ) - jesus of nazareth , the christ zacheus - head of the messianics in caesarea the judaeans abraham * - member of the judaean council in caesarea adina * - a servant of ahasver agrippa - herod agrippa i , nephew of antipas , king of judaea ammon * - employee of ahasver in tiberias ananias - ananias ben nedebaios , high priest annas - annas ben seth , high priest antipas - herod antipas , son of herod , tetrarch of galilee asher * - employee of ahasver boethus - wealthy priestly family caiaphas - joseph caiaphas , high priest drusilla - daughter of agrippa , second wife of felix eloy * - friend of ahasver , potter gamaliel - friend of joseph , nasi of the sanhedrin herod - herod the great , king of judaea herod agrippa - herod agrippa ii , son of agrippa i , tetrarch of lysanias hevel * - employee of ahasver in jaffa , proselyte hillel - family of gamaliel jonathan - jonathan ben annas , son of annas , high priest joseph of arimathea - friend of simon ( father ) , benefactor of ahasver , proselyte menahem * - friend of isaac , scribe mordechai * - tutor of yeshua ( son of ahasver ) , proselyte nicodemus - friend of joseph of arimathea , proselyte philo of alexandria - hellenistic philosopher pinchas * - friend of simon ( father ) simeon - son of gamaliel , nasi of the sanhedrin theudas - pseudo - messiah theophilus - theophilus ben annas , son of annas , high priest yehuda of gamala - rebellious leader , pseudo - messiah the romans augustus - adoptive son of julius caesar , first emperor aulus persius flaccus - poet and satirist celer - tribune cestius gallus - governor of roman syria cicero - politian , philosopher and writer claudius - nephew of tiberius , emperor cuspius fadus - procurator of judaea domitian - son of vespasian , emperor drusilla - cousin of claudius , first wife of marcus antonius felix flavius silva - general and legate of judaea gaius asinius pollio - roman consul , patron of virgil and horatio gaius caligula - nephew of claudius , emperor gaius quadratus - governor of roman syria gaius rufinus * - tribune gessius florus - procurator of judaea helvidius priscus - quaestor and senator horatio - writer and poet julius caesar - general , dictator of rome lucceius albinus - procurator of judaea lucilius bassus - general and governor of judaea lucius vitelius - governor of roman syria lucretius - philosopher and writer marcellus - prefect of judaea marcus antonius felix - procurator of judaea marcus cocceius nerva - senator , emperor marcus v. corvinus - brother of messalina , consul marullus - prefect of judaea nero - step - son of claudius , emperor ovid - writer and poet pallas - brother of marcus antonius felix , secretary of claudius pontius pilate - prefect of judaea poppaea sabina - wife of nero porcius festus - procurator of judaea publius c. thrasea - father in law of priscus , senator , publius petronius - governor of roman syria silvius pulanus * - secretary of marcus antonius felix tiberius - step - son of augustus , emperor titus - son of vespasian , general , emperor valeria messalina - wife of claudius ventidius cumanus - procurator of judaea vespasian - general , emperor vibius marcus - governor of roman syria virgil - writer and poet the pagans adad * - syrian , friend of ahasver , merchant , proselyte aeschylus - greek , playwright aga - mythical king of kish akakios * - greek , innkeeper in ostia alexander * - greek , son of ioanis antiphanes - greek , writer aristarchus * - greek , theologian , member of the museum of alexandria aristophanes - greek , playwright archimedes - greek , mathematician and astronomer charon - mythical ferryman of the souls in hades demetria * - greek , courtesan epicurus - greek , philosopher erastus * - greek , secretary of lucius vitelius euripides - greek , playwright gilgamesh - mythical king of sumer homer - greek , writer ioanis * - greek , secretary of ahasver isidora * - greek , courtesan laertus * - greek , sculptor menander - greek , playwright nikolaus * - greek , librarian plato - greek , philosopher protagoras - greek , philosopher socrates - greek , philosopher sophocles - greek , playwright the gods ahura mazda - supreme god of indo - persian mythology aphrodite - goddess of greek mythology ( beauty and love ) apollo - god of greek mythology ( light and truth ) astarte - goddess of phoenician mythology baal - god of phoenician mythology chronos - primeval god of greek mythology ( time ) dionysus - god of greek mythology ( wine and excesses ) februus - god of roman mythology ( purification ) hades - god of greek mythology ( underworld ) helios - god of greek mythology ( light and sun ) isis - goddess of egyptian and greco - roman mythology jupiter - supreme god of roman mythology marduk - god of babylonian mythology mithra - god of persian and roman mythology nix - goddess of greek mythology ( of the night and the mysteries ) osiris - god of egyptian mythology saturn - god of greek mythology ( agriculture ) serapis - god of egyptian and greco - roman mythology sol invictus - god of roman mythology ( light and sun ) the lord - only god of the judaeans and the christians titans - primeval gods of greek mythology venus - goddess of roman mythology ( beauty and love ) uadjit - goddess of egyptian mythology zeus - supreme god of greek mythology ( * ) fictional glossary places and geography achaea - region in the northern peloponnese alexandria - city in egypt antaradus - city in roman syria antioch - city in roman syria ( antakya / turkey ) antium - city in italy ( anzio / italy ) apollonia - port on the north african coast ( in libya ) arimathea - town in judaea arwad - city in roman syria berytus - city in roman syria ( beirut / lebanon ) bethany - town in judaea bruttium - region in the south of italy ( calabria / italy ) buto - city in egypt ( tell el - farina / egypt ) byblos - city in roman syria ( in lebanon ) caelian hill - one of the seven hills of rome caesarea ( maritima ) - city in judaea ( caesarea / israel ) cafarnaum - town in galilee capri - island in italy , close to naples cedron valley - valley on the eastern side of jerusalem cilicia - roman province in asia minor ( in turkey ) ctesiphon - city in persia ( in iraq ) cynosure - dogs tail constellation / polar star cyprus - roman province / island in the mediterranean damascus - city in roman syria delphi - city in greece , site of the oracle of apollo ( delphi ) domus tiberiana - one of the imperial residences on the palatine dor - town close to caesarea emmaus - town in judaea ephesus - city in asia minor ( in turkey ) galatia - roman province in asia minor ( in turkey ) galilee - region in palestine ( part of israel ) gaul - roman province ( france ) hellespont - strait that links the aegean to the sea of marmara herculaneum - city in italy ( close to naples ) herodium - fortress south of jerusalem hispania - roman province ( iberian peninsula ) idumea - province in roman arabia ( in jordan ) jaffa - city in judaea ( part of tel - aviv / israel ) jericho - city in judaea jerusalem - city in judaea judaea - roman province ( in israel ) laodicea - city in roman syria ( latakia / syria ) lycia - roman protectorate in asia minor ( in turkey ) mar nostrum - mediterranean sea masada - herodian fortress , close to the dead sea meggido - hill and town in judaea messana - city in the island of sicily ( messina ) mount silpius - high hill close to antioch mount tabor - high hill in galilee mount zion - hill within the city walls of jerusalem museum - an institution dedicated to learning nazareth - city in galilee neapolis - city in italy ( naples ) ostia - city and main harbor in italy paestum - city in italy ( in campania / italy ) palatine hill - one of the seven hills of rome pamphylia - roman territory in asia minor ( in turkey ) patras - city in achaea ( in greece ) pereia - territory east of the jordan river ( in jordan ) perga - city in pamphylia persepolis - city in persia ( in iran ) pharos - islet in alexandria , site of the famous lighthouse pillars of hercules - promontories that flank the strait of gibraltar pompey - city in italy ( close to naples ) porta capena - one of the gates of rome in the servian wall portus - ancient harbor close to the city of ostia rhegium - city in italy ( reggio di calabria ) rome - capital of the roman empire samaria - region in the northern part of the west bank samos - greek island in the aegean seleucia pieria - city in roman syria ( samandag ) sepphoris - city in galilee , close to nazareth serapeum - temple to the god serapis in alexandria sidon - city in roman syria ( sidon ) syracuse - city in the island of sicily ( syracuse ) tiber - river in italy , crosses rome tiberias - city in galilee thrace - region between the danube and the black sea troy - mythical city - state in asia minor tyre - city in roman syria ( tyre / lebanon ) via maris - trade route that linked egypt to syria and babylon via ostiense - road that linked ostia to rome measurement units aureus - monetary unit , of roman origin , eqv .
in some texts it is used for hadad , a god of the rain , thunder , fertility and agriculture , and the lord of heaven .
saturn god of greek mythology ( agriculture ) in ancient roman religion and myth , saturn was a god of agriculture , liberation , and time .
saturn god of greek mythology ( agriculture ) in ancient roman religion and myth , saturn was a god of agriculture , liberation , and time .
the land is flat , appears to be good for agriculture , and supports an interesting beast the buffalo .
the land here was less promising of agriculture and more foreboding .
did the royal education that khufu provided for her , including irrigation , agriculture , trade , medicine , poetry and archeryshe loved the strength her shoulders and chest developedprepare her for another , larger role ?
the vegetables are growing stronger because of brother leo who has years of experience in agriculture .
* * * while the other generals who inherited parts of alexander 's empire continued to conspire and fight to conquer one another , ptolemy concentrated on promoting egyptian agriculture , commerce , and industry .
katshuhiro gave a startled look up from tending his lotus flowers and seemed barely able to accept the fact that he was being asked to contemplate something more challenging than agriculture .
clarence u browne iii of jasper , indiana was a seventh generation farmer so his stories covered all things related to agriculture and livestock .
then he transformed their answers into a story he hoped his readers could understand : results of local farmers harvests and livestock production for last year compared to the year before by clarence u browne iii after much interrogation of our area farmers , i have finally come up with some figures about the declining state of agriculture for our county and surrounding areas .
around the village , and climbing the gentler slopes of the mountains , the three sailors could see the various shades of green and gold that signified agriculture .
they practice a limited agriculture there but did quite well for themselves for hundreds of years .
what if i told you that i did nt really have a phd in philosophy , but actually had a degree inlets say , agriculture ?
her word , agrophobia , logically would mean fear of agriculture .
it was imperative to do this , i thought , as i had absolutely no knowledge or experience of tea ( other than drinking it with milk and one sugar and as a medicine to cure a quarrel ) , farming , agriculture , nature , wildlife , biodiversity , carbon off - setting , organicasmatronic yielding and all of the other weird words that i ve come across while doing my research that continue to make no sense to me at all .
what once existed as a smaller shire of shipping and agriculture had slowly been transformed over decades time by the catalyst known as the industrial revolution .
this terrain was suitable for agriculture and oil paintings , but given the lack of rocky outcrops it was nt really useful in the scheme of things .
` ` anyway , '' said johnny , ` ` i was a failure at agriculture , so i donated my identity to the open source movement , and i downloaded this hockey outfit from the department of agriculture .
then i went to the agriculture barn and wandered around looking at the cows , pigs , chickens , and rabbits .
but its not agriculture causing the problem .
its the lack of agriculture that s the whole problem !
the fine state of illinois was hiring producers and writers for a television show about the countless wonders of agriculture and its benefits on society .
he also told malcolm about the elaborate irrigation and aqueduct system they developed for agriculture and how their great mountain city of machu picchu high in the andes had not been discovered by westerners until 1911 .
that means that you might not be allowed to use the land for agriculture .
economic - enemies , and reforms ... personal - privatisation ... liberal - economic , illiberal - political - barons , family - connections : in - corporation fabulously wealthy while country - starves in poverty devastating agriculture , natural and not maintained , importing city - jobs instability in the countryside in the - agricultural industrial - towns , and cash - rich commercial - for : .
` ` there are bigger issues than that , '' said the accountant , ashing his cigarette , ` ` like agriculture , for instance .
never had to explain it before , other than in an agriculture class in high school .
with the fall of the soviets , i ca n't see anything but prosperity ahead for agriculture in this country , but you must grow the operation to enjoy the margins . ''
the development of agriculture and the static tribe reduced the incidence of these wars which otherwise may have destroyed the evolution of humanity .
the advent of agriculture meant that populations increased and the proximity of potential enemies increased .
in the australian context this is especially relevant , where fertile soil for agriculture is so precious .
coda a vestige of the primordial forest blanket which had once covered all the islands of new zealand before the advent of animals ( including that bipedal species devoted to agriculture ) , still spread its impenetrable fabric over the south western corner of the south island .
this terrain was occupied for millennia by its aboriginal natives ( their arrow heads can still be found in them thar hills ) , who co - existed with their hardwood forests , even grasslands and savannas that allowed for settlements and extensive agriculture .
manual laborers , lacking education , are conceptually limited as materialists12 , so if given higher salaries than any cerebral laborers from which to procure more goods , they who are the foundation of it in agriculture and construction will be more assiduous and proud of their places in society ; and those content in ideas and pleased to be in the seats of power and discernment should be paid somewhat less .
ukraine would be a reliable source of agriculture .
after halya he stopped at kassala on the river gash at the upper end of the atbara basin which was being developed for agriculture in a manner kokopoulos wanted to study in case he could apply what he saw in tanganyika .
second , we must provide modern means of agriculture .
it was a notion based on collectivized agriculture which would provide surpluses for industrialization , fuelled also by a programme set to achieve universal literacy .
santhals and mundas had long been settled in agriculture and it was at first difficult to lure them to a distant place .
many of them were retrenched because of occasional crisis in tea business and took to agriculture or became menials in households or free casual laborers .
the university of wyoming was a co - educational university with full credentials to offer degrees in various subjects , but mostly attendant to animal husbandry , entomology , agriculture , business , and political economics .
he knew the address that mrs long had given the desk sergeant to be in an area not without its charms but very rural , with its metal barns , chicken farms , and roots in agriculture .
wine is becoming the fastest growing agriculture in america .
born in the modern city of shanghai in 1980 , yao grew up in an era when 80 % of china was agriculture and still aspired to the teachings of confucius , a 5th century b.c .
the soil beneath the woodlands was too poor to sustain agriculture when the trees were cleared . ''
second , there are memories of a time when agriculture was widespread , we did n't eat meat and did n't have human sacrifice .
a lot of them are in fishing or agriculture and they do not interact with the tourists at all .
martin , i read , had a background in agriculture ( i assumed that was his being raised on a farm ) ; a distinguished service record , including two purple hearts ( that explained the scars i had n't yet asked him about ) ; and a long work history with pan - am agra ... a brief chronicle of his steady rise through the ranks followed .. .
during the four years since savannah 's birth , bridge had finished high school , gone to college , earned a bachelor 's in agriculture , raised savannah with my mom and jonah and had carved herself a niche of perfect life , not because life was perfect , but because it was perfect for them .
but then he 'd taken an agriculture class at the university of california in the small farm town of davis and discovered viticulture .
little is known about the establishment of this colony , but most authors relate it with the need for manpower in agriculture and demographic issues .
marina knew that someone was trying to pass ideas of agriculture , but she did nt memorize anything .
the south bank surrendered to vegetation and agriculture fields , being the only jarring point the skate park by the river , where she had spent so many happy moments with lucas the last weekend .
i know the man in charge of the agriculture department at the college in ventana .
probably riskier because agriculture depends on the whim of mother nature .
james would never guess how much he had learned about agriculture in the past two years .
sustainable agriculture and biodiversity .
outside of the cities , many still rely solely on agriculture for survival .
` ` it 's entertainment of one kind or another that draws them , ye ken , '' jamie had said , sketching out plans on the back of a broadsheet poem describing the scurrilous affair between the comte de sevigny and the wife of the minister of agriculture .
we had by now collected a small crowd of cottars , all fascinated by this novel approach to agriculture .
she herself had had a lovely conversation with lord moorland about agriculture - not that she knew a great deal about it for that matter , but her uncle george , who 'd managed her parents ' estate before their departure from england , had spoken to her at great length about various varieties of corn , when to harvest , and how to determine what to plant for the following year 's crop .
did a lot of work with agriculture .
maybe some classes in agriculture or cattle management .
` ` if we 're reading your father 's notes right , aslanov took the principles of genetic engineering used in fields like agriculture and medicine and expanded them with mixed results .