on the left was a table with plates and i grabbed one , loading it with food : figs stewed in tea , some sort of concoction with grapefruit , fresh rolls , and homemade jam .
date palms and olive trees numbering in the hundreds of thousands , wild flowers and cacti , impossible in beauty and abundance , farmed fruits and vegetables , especially apricots , figs and corn , astounding in size and taste .
farmed fruits and vegetables , especially figs , apricots , berries and corn , were astounding in size and taste .
her palate - cleansing cucumber fraiche was praised , and her squab with foie gras and figs .
he served us omelets with ham and cheese and hot fruit compote made with cherries , figs and hazelnuts .
for our first course , the waiter has brought us an array of dishes : steamed mussels , salmon and asparagus bouchees , stuffed figs , prosciutto - wrapped prawns .
baked brie with caramelized fresh fig . ''
magic mediterranean figs that taste like ambrosia and earn you a hundred bucks a pop ? ''
they sat on a cloth with bread , meat , olives and figs while they talked and played a dice game .
starving because he 'd been allowed nothing to eat all day while he 'd worked until he was bleeding and sore from it to make his uncle rich , ash had stared at the bowl of dried sugared figs estes had left in front of him .
there was bread , italian cheeses , salami and prosciutto , grapes and fig jam , and bottles of italian wine .
she 's going to want to smell like figs , or vetiver , or- '' ` ` figs ?
she 's going to want to smell like figs , or vetiver , or- '' ` ` figs ?
` ` you smell like figs and apricots . ''
they had found me some figs and berries to snack on but the exertion of walking up the mountain drove my hunger to levels of starvation .
in the center sat a small roasted pig surrounded by baked figs and assorted cheeses .
i longed for lazy - lover weekends of braiding each other 's hair and slow roasting tiny , succulent creatures over an open fire while reciting poetry about figs and jam .
` ` you smell of sweet figs .
she tasted of fruit , as sweet and rich as a ripe fig dipped in honey .
close enough that the scent of honeyed figs filled his senses .
` ` you taste of figs dipped in honey , '' he whispered .
` ` figs ? ''
` ` sweet figs . ''
the taste of figs and warm delicious woman instantly stirred his senses , hardening him with a speed that was shocking even for him .
the scent of figs spiced the air before morgana was hit with a sharp , painful blast of heat .
there was a brief moment as anna calmed her mind and body , the sweet smell of figs swirling through cezar with a familiar warmth .
` ` anna , '' he husked , allowing the scent of honeyed figs to sink deep inside him .
he could still feel the rich satin texture beneath his fingers and smell the intoxicating scent of figs that had filled the air .
fat oranges and bags of figs gleamed like jewels in the silver bowls that had been placed at the statues ' feet , right next to goblets fil ed with spiced mulberry wine .
she had thoughtlessly nibbled on a fig soon after she had been turned , and been violently ill . not wanting anyone to see her , she hurried toward the double doors leading to the veranda .
luxurious meant eating figs dripping with honey and dotted with crumbles of local cheese while simon poured me another glass of cava , all before ten a.m. luxurious meant time alone to wander through the small , family stores of nerja , poking through bins of beautiful lace .
for a woman given in service to the creator of all six dimensional worlds , she had a face pinched like a withered fig .
` ` for these figs look wonderful .
i sent her pictures when she traveled here- '' she paused as the waitress refilled their goblets and placed a pot of mint tea to go with a dessert of cookies and candied figs .
he reached past to select a sugared fig off the counter beside her .
the man , crusty , eased into her line of sight for another fig .
pears , pomegranates , dates , figs .
at this point in the story kizzy 's grandmother used to shiver over her memories and touch her lips , remembering how the crowd of goblins had turned on her , their creature eyes flashing in the gloom as they jumped on her and held her down , mashing grapes and figs against her prim , clenched mouth .
kizzy had always been fascinated by her -- truth be told , she had always identified more with that wild girl who almost sold her soul for the taste of figs than with her grandmother who kept her lips tight shut and never hungered for forbidden things .
she had ridden a camel in the thar desert , scooped rice into a saddhu 's bowl , and been lifted by an elephant 's trunk to gather figs from the high branches .
` ` there is a small quantity of dried figs , ten pound of sugar , some coffee , a quantity of naples biscuit , and a large cask of madeira wine , but of course we can not use that . ''
he picked a ripe fig from a nearby tree and chewed it appreciatively .
and the stars of heaven fell to the earth , as a fig tree drops its late figs when it is shaken by a mighty wind .
street dealers sold all manner of fish , figs , nuts and oranges to headscarved women but jack could spot the occasional visitors like himself each trailing a retinue of enthusiastic hangers - on .
` ` soon we shall have figs and olives for repast , and all will be well again , '' he said .
aspics of meat , dried sausage , preserved carp , many loaves of bread , figs , apples , pears , chestnuts and other nutritious foods that could be eaten casually without requiring much time to prepare .
` ` romero , have some figs .
he took out a package of dried figs from his pocket opened them and began to eat .
` ` i hear that eating a lot of figs can cure you of that , '' lightsong said .
2 rhea cared not a fig for reaping dances or carnival games , but she could no more sleep than those who did .
and the figs . ''
he tried the fried flying fish , the boiled green figs , the grilled chicken , and the coconut pie , then he went back into the kitchen and found the chef , who was also the owner , and offered him money enough for partnership and cooking lessons .
she had a platter of sliced figs .
the naked visage was terrifying to behold , like a wizened black fig come to life with fat lips and huge yellow eyes .
` ` the figs are exceptional . ''
there was a long table set against one wall , a table laden with plates of sliced melon and figs and with flagons that promised other refreshments .
' i live but to serve , ' he said a bit grandiosely he brought fresh figs and a slab of cheese to the table , then set the smoking pan in the centre of it .
' thanks all the same , perraine , ' sparhawk said , taking a fig instead , ' but one chunk of mutton is my limit . '
it was only half a lie ; lord tywin lannister cared not a fig for his deformed son , but he tolerated no slights on the honor of his house .
that would come to light soon , as sure as sunrise , and with the king in such a black fury ... robert might not care a fig for tyrion lannister , but it would touch on his pride , and there was no telling what the queen might do .
do you imagine that jaime will care a fig that we gave his brother a trial before we flung him off a mountain ? ''
a slave knelt before him , offering a wooden platter full of ripe figs .
she stopped for drink and food , but it was all she could do to nibble at a fig and keep down a mouthful of water .
some went reluctantly , yet they went ... and one scarred old man returned a brief time later , hopping and grinning , his hands overflowing with figs .
and figs are more important .
how pleasant it would be to wake every day in the same place , to linger among shady gardens , eat figs , and drink cool water , as much as she might desire .
other well - born astapori stood in knots behind them , sipping wine from silver flutes as slaves circulated among them with trays of olives and cherries and figs .
arstan whitebeard stood outside the entrance of her tent , while strong belwas sat crosslegged on the grass nearby , eating a bowl of figs .
there are figs and dates and olives growing on the terraces of her pyramids , and casks of salt fish and smoked meat buried in her cellars . ''
any man who bothered her was apt to see the fig , or hear himself described as an ass 's pizzle or a camel 's cunt .
instead , she showed them all the fig , and told them they were camel cunts , which made them roar with laughter .
if she desired some favorite food , figs or olives or peppers stuffed with cheese , she need only tell belandra , and it would appear .
tyrion began his explorations with the kitchen , where two fat women and a potboy watched him warily as he helped himself to cheese , bread , and figs .
the serving men brought out a heron stuffed with figs , veal cutlets blanched with almond milk , creamed herring , candied onions , foul - smelling cheeses , plates of snails and sweetbreads , and a black swan in her plumage .
instead she dispatched jhiqui to the kitchens for a platter of flatbread , olives , figs , and cheese .
the figs were fine , the olives even finer , but the wine left a tart metallic aftertaste in her mouth .
` ` tell me , '' tyrion said as he drank , ` ` why should a magister of pentos give three figs who wears the crown in westeros ?
the pale , lean , hawk - faced man who shared her high table was resplendent in robes of maroon silk and cloth - of - gold , his bald head shining in the torchlight as he devoured a fig with small , precise , elegant bites .
elsewhere were casks of apples and pears , dried peas , dried figs , bags of walnuts , bags of chestnuts , bags of almonds , planks of dry smoked salmon , clay jars packed with olives in oil and sealed with wax .
her cooks had prepared them a magnificent meal of honeyed lamb , fragrant with crushed mint and served with the small green figs she liked so much .
` ` he raced ahead of all his men to see her face the sooner , only to be left languishing whilst she ate lamb and figs with some dried - up old woman . ''
dany sat amongst the rumpled bedclothes with her arms about her knees , so forlorn that she did not hear when missandei came creeping in with bread and milk and figs .
jhiqui brought a platter of figs and ham at midday .
hizdahr had stocked their box with flagons of chilled wine and sweetwater , with figs , dates , melons , and pomegranates , with pecans and peppers and a big bowl of honeyed locusts .
` ` i believe i will content myself with figs and dates . ''
cersei did not care a fig for stannis or his sellswords .
sweet wine and soft cushions , figs and melons and honeyed locusts .
the central dome was filled with tables laden with baked peacocks , their iridescent tails spread wide , with bowls of oranges and figs , roast hare , ham , and every sort of sweet and pastry .
manuel ate fig newtons and potato chips , his mom slept , and the shrunken head moaned from time to time , but mostly remained silent .
libby nodded and took out a fig newton from the assortment of junk food on the dashboard .
with my head pushed backwards he thumped into my cunt like he was fucking a fig .
` ` well , you could argue that it was my fault that these disciplinary reviews caught f '' ` ` figs and dates ! ''
we ate at caf calabria , my favorite italian caf , which served delicious sandwiches , coffee , and italian cookies made with figs and chocolate .
as we turned the corner of the massive rock , there was a white blanket with a clay bowl on the side , filled with grapes , pomegranates , figs and plums .
we had a huge feast prepared for the guests including fresh bread , lamb , fruits like figs and apples , vegetables , and of course beer and wine .
meanwhile , ketzah made up a platter of grapes , figs , apricots and cheese .
dried figs and prunes , pumpkin seeds too . ''
but at that moment adriana set a tray of coffee down beside the computer , steaming and fresh , together with dark figs and two bowls of yogurt .
in the basket were snails , figs , garlic and a few small wooden tablets depicting the landscape outside the walls for sale .
at the end of the dinner the waiter brought white and dark chocolate dipped strawberries , apricots , and figs with a fresh cream dip .
she collected a few figs and dates that fell from the palm trees that lined the l.a . streets .
the other wore a light purplish uniform and had the symbol of figs and needles embroidered on their arms .
underneath the figs and needles was the word shame .
the sun turned black like sackcloth made of goat hair , the whole moon turned blood red , and the stars in the sky fell to earth , as late figs drop from a fig - tree when shaken by a strong wind .
she peeked around the bundle in her arms and saw a black turd sticking from beneath her right tennis shoe like a smashed fig .
the dates , figs , prunes , nuts , little bits of dried , colored fruit .
the green figs , ready peeled , were bursting with ripeness , and the turkish coffee was jet black and with the burned taste that showed it had been freshly ground .
bread , butter , provelone - that is smoked cheese - and fresh figs .
she 'd also provided figs from tuscolo and olives from piceno , and there was a dish of macaroni and turbot .
' whsz- ' agnes removed from her mouth what was , this time , a fig .
below him , a porcupine dropped the figs he 'd been dining on as the shadow of the eagle passed overhead .
` ` have you been eating figs ? ''
while ivy prattled on about pompey 's pillar , the cape of figs , the arsenal , and various other guidebook sights of note , alexia simply absorbed the quality of the place : the subdued tranquility of exotic buildings , broken only occasionally by the white marble turrets of mosques or the sharp knitting - needle austerity of an obelisk .
the twins took up basket position with little fuss , percy being given a bit of dried fig to gnaw upon and primrose a length of silver lace to play with .
thus , eighteen months after phillip 's death , here she sat : surrounded by his essence , stifled by the memories- and awash in thick , cream - colored , engraved invitations that she cared not a blasted fig for .
revealed beneath his robe was his limp penis , blackened and shriveled , ready to drop from his groin like a diseased fig from a dying tree .
the inside is filled with brown , sweet , gritty paste , figs i think .
the food was less alien than i 'd expected , the kind of food we 'd eaten on feast days at keramzin : sweet pea porridge , quail roasted in honey , and fresh figs .
others ate at the long table that had been set up on the terrace , gorging on stuffed figs and bowls of pomegranate seeds , clapping along with the music .
the figs were too grainy , sticking to her throat , and the constant swirl of anxiety in her stomach did n't allow room for hunger .
aria chewed on a dried fig as she ran through the inventory of her discomforts .
roasted fig and goat cheese with rosemary in a stilton crust pastry pizza ! ''
were the figs watery ?
the sheet of figs and cheese , no longer bubbling , now looked curdled and sad .
maybe to grab an iced latte and an artsy sandwich involving goat cheese and figs .
` ` the stuffed figs taste amazing .
the fig tree has rippened the figs .
can a fig tree , my brothers , yield olives , or a vine - figs ?
perhaps we may find oranges , figs or grapes here .
they showed him where to find berries , figs , rhubarb , watermelon , pomegranate , tasty mushrooms and flowers .
alexander , meelix and ellic were already eating figs and berries .
he handed her a satchel of figs and a piece of roasted meat .
within the sack were dried figs and apricots .
at this time of the year the figs were ripe , and there was food in abundance .
the capering of the monkeys also helped by sending down ripe figs like giant raindrops .
having returned to his small rented flat , he ate some dried figs , and sat down on the floor cross - legged .
zeigler took a fig from the plate and began to cut it .
subin shook his head in disbelief and gratitude , like he always did when lo would bring the mans figs to fruition , or rub the trunks of his olive trees , making sure his crop would be up to par , regardless of the drought .
in the hands of this younger one , the tip wavered like a bird drunk on fermented figs .
he sat propped against the wall eating a fig , the stench of decay thick in his nostrils .
this huge wagon was already loaded with provisions - sacks of flour , bags of sugar , bottles of olive oil , dried fish , smoked fish , dried beef , dried apples , dried figs , dried apricots , many cans of : tomatoes , pears , peas , soup ; bags of rice and potatoes ; salt , bourbon , chocolate , canned mangos , no end of cans of condensed milk etc . , etc .
amiras chef , a heavyset , mustachioed parilian named fortino , came wheezing out of the manse bearing a pair of baskets stuffed full of cheese , bread , apples , grapes , figs , and smoked oysters imported at great expense from the coast .
he also had a handful of dried figs to sum up his dinner as well as a fresh flask of goat 's milk that he had obtained earlier in the day .
the apples and figs were delivered yesterday from upper manasseh .
i am a traveler and i only wish to buy one or two apples and a handful of figs . ''
the girl handed him two of the best apples and two full clusters of figs .
` ` i will have enough figs to add to my dinner for several nights !
at the moment she was arranging large clusters of grapes and figs so that they might appear as appealing as possible .
there were several large and colorful clay bowls filled with figs and grapes and other desirable fruits sitting to one side .
behind all these came the wagons , each one drawn by eight sweating horses and burdened with sacks of grain and amphorae of wine , great barrels of figs and olives and nuts .
nestor waved the servant away and served the wine and figs himself .
supper was chicken in garlic , served with eggs and figs , and slabs of honeyed bread .
thas brought the plates herself , and they took turns feeding althea , who loved eggs but stubbornly shut her lips against figs .
most of the merchants sold everyday goods ; grain from the interior or from overseas , figs and olives , raisins and wine and wool .
he nibbled at a plate of figs , but left a cup of kykeon untouched ; he did nt need wine now , even honeyed .
street vendors had appeared around the crown , pushing barrows from which they sold figs and glazed fruit , olives and raisins and herb bread .
he picked at the figs and olives but left the meats alone , and the wine .
like peppermint figs and goats milk .
then he lit the hearth , placed the kettle in the midst of the glowing coals , and while waiting for the sweet lily petals to brew , wishing to chase the staleness of sleep from his mouth , he took a bite off an overripe fig and spat it out at once , doubling over and retching , retching emptily .
with a short , comical bow and a half - uttered mlady , he took the jug of water and drained it , and then attacked a bowl of black figs till it was picked clean .
they raised the exchange for figs and sweetsop , calabash and avocado .
there were even fig tarts , from fruits my brother gathered .
sir tomas selected a fig and popped it in his mouth .
she 's sweet as a bowl of figs .
everyone in the city knew cut - me - own - hand - off dhblah , purveyor of suspiciously new holy relics , suspiciously old rancid sweetmeats on a stick , gritty figs , and long - past - the ? sell - by dates .
but there were coconuts , and breadfruit , and some sort of wild fig .
said a cracked voice , in tones of syrup of figs , ` ` is it your fortune you want telling , or is it your future you want changing , maybe ? ''
' this is just a dream , ' he said , and stepped out of it into a palace where a small , dark man in a loincloth was sitting on a stone bench , eating figs .
khuft took another fig and give him a lopsided look .
here , you have n't got any figs on your side , have you ?
and arkady does not give a fig for liberty , anyway ; all he wants are cows .
temeraire was dubious of this most christian speech , and after erasmus had left them muttered , ` ` i would not give a fig for the slavers , myself ; and god ought to judge them more quickly , '' a blasphemous remark which made laurence blanch , lest wilberforce should have overheard ; but his attention was fortunately elsewhere at present , on a growing noise at the far end of the long clearing , where a crowd was gathering .
the plate she was carrying was so hot it steamed , and he had not a fig to give for propriety once he had tasted the splendid bacon : cured with some unfamiliar smoke , and full of flavor , and the yolks of his eggs almost bright orange .
as he said , a thistle can not produce figs .
it consisted of salt , three types of pepper , four types of mustard , four types of vinegar , fifteen different kinds of chutney and his special favourite : wow - wow sauce , a mixture of mature scumble , pickled cucumbers , capers , mustard , mangoes , figs , grated wahooni , anchovy essence , asafetida and , significantly , sulphur and saltpetre for added potency .
i rushed to cleopatra 's side and we peered into the interior of the basket together.it was full of plump figs and i inhaled their sweet , heavy scent.my eyes raised questioningly to the old healer .
my queen was not all sugared figs and rainbows .
standing in the banquet doorway , i gazed upon the feast.table after table was loaded with roasted pheasant , succulent baked fish , glazed sweet potatoes , bread , figs , dates , nuts , fruit and honey.rows of oil lamps adorned each table , lighting the room with soft , flickering light.dancers danced , flutes played and everyone in this room was merry , even though they knew that tomorrow , octavian would arrive.perhaps they were merry because of that very thing.he had n't arrived yet .
so did the seriph of al khali , although in his case the payment was half a cartload of figs , twice a year .
a young man without too many responsibilities could live modestly in ankh - morpork on thirty or forty dollars a month ; he always sold the figs , because although it was possible to live on figs you soon wished you did n't .
a young man without too many responsibilities could live modestly in ankh - morpork on thirty or forty dollars a month ; he always sold the figs , because although it was possible to live on figs you soon wished you did n't .
a quick rub with the back of a spoon transferred the ink , and thirty dollars and enough figs to make you really ill were as good as in the bank .
he could n't have stopped himself for a hundred dollars and a shipload of figs .
before i had reigned for a year ( i remember the time well , for the men were picking the figs ) i had batta hanged .
and there were plenty of dried figs to chew after the hot flavor of the pottage , and i loved it .
we will eat the figs of our own tree , and the grapes of our own garden .
the women brought out dried figs , raisins in honey , and sweet dates , and spiced olives , and other fine things , which we 'd brought all the way from egypt in our bundles , and that with the thick meat pottage , full of lentils and lamb , true lamb , and the fresh bread , was a feast .
again , our supper was very rich with the stew from the night before , and the hot bread from the oven and more of the sweet figs and dates .
the grapes in our gardens were ready for picking , and the figs , we had had all the figs we could want to be dried , to be made into cakes , to be eaten as they were .
the grapes in our gardens were ready for picking , and the figs , we had had all the figs we could want to be dried , to be made into cakes , to be eaten as they were .
the later figs were so many from our courtyard and the garden that some were taken to the village market at the bottom of the hill .
and as always there were cakes of dried figs but these were very rich and good .
on the table was quite a spread of almonds , fresh figs , more olives , and some lentils mixed with herbs and ... stuff .
i do nt give two figs for the sort of person you are at home , wilkerson said , but once you step outside your door in the garden of allah , your public persona will now reflect on the hollywood reporter .
naturally , i replied that she could not have done anything that would have pleased me more ; all the while thinking , how very odd it was , that this earnest septuagenarian , with so many decades of life and sorrow and survival behind her , should care a fig for the opinion of a sapling such as myself , simply because of my mothers ability to imprint others with her unalterable conviction of her own superiority .
we have wine , with a wonderful array of olives and cheeses , and today we have figs !
the boatswain brought melaina and her mother a basket of wheat loaves , goat cheese , and chopped asphodel to eat with figs .
wishing for something to do with her hands , she grabbed a basket , stuffed it with green cheese , slice of tripe , dried figs , and stole a honey - cake on the way out .
in the mornings , eleusis rang with songs of slave women grinding barley meal , and melaina had taken to eating ripe figs directly from the tree .
as they came into the entryway , a cornucopia of dates , nuts , figs , and dried fruit was upended and showered over melaina , whose face was protected by her veil .
out back , she saw orchards enclosed by stone walls , two hectares of trees weighted down for picking : pears , pomegranates , brilliant apples , luscious figs .
there were groves of wild figs , their dark fruit luscious and astringent , and plump coconuts , their tender core as rich as any in yorubaland .
` ` uh , yes , um two figs , please .
roast duck , figs , olives , cheese and bread , and plenty of fish sauce to enhance the food .
i ve eaten bad figs , explained abner , we had only these- on our way back here from the bloody israeli battlefield .
i will sell you some tales ... as you see - we are poor and sick , and the money will enble us to buy rape figs or rotten grapes .
sometimes its bittersweet chocolate , at others , pieces of dried fruit , like figs .
fear softened like a fig in his mouth .
khufu inhaled her fragrance of figs and lotus flowers .
moments passed before khufu remembered himself in the greenhouse , no longer staring at his gray mask but hearing isiss heavenly lullabies and inhaling the bloom of figs in boiling cream .
fragrances of figs in burning cream blossomed from them .
she licked his neck as moist as a fig , and tapped his moist forehead .
aware her fragrance was darkening like the singeing of figs and merged with his scent of hemp and juniper , she guided khufus flesh to her opening .
khufus gifts of gold breast plates , clasps and girdles were scattered about him amid vases of wine and bowls of figs , beef and dark honey .
he memorized every detail of her : eyes that filled with stars when she pondered the stars ; curious pout when indulging her curiosity ; flesh fragrant of boiling figs in cream ; nose wrinkled when flummoxed by khufus deep sense of smell ; her smile when she danced and her dance when she moved .
sack of onions , dates and figs , jar of honey , another of beer , two loaves of bread and , he added , pointing at the merchant , one goose , cleaned .
gingerly , very delicately and carefully , i picked up a small sugared fig with two carefully placed fingers .
lucy eyed the fig intently .
i told her as i gently popped the fig into my mouth , smearing sugar all over my face such that little crumbs rolled off and fell into my sleeve .
but watching grandmother nemzar now , as she balances plates of bread and goat cheese and a bowl of the last fresh figs of the season , i d never guess anything awful had happened to her .
will bake as much bread as possible and carry it to the ark , along with grain and barley , salted meat and fish , dried figs and raisins .
orwell brought roasted partridge , grapes , and figs from the kings kitchen , left over from that evenings meal and set it on the table between the couches .
sighing contentedly , he refilled his glass , took a proffered fig from lord westmores delicate hand , and settled back into the softness of his chair .
sharma grinned at him companionably and said , ' bread , cheese and figs again .
the flowers he still left me now included other gifts such as beautiful smooth stones on my milking stool and delicious figs or pomegranates on any windowsill i d be near .
` ` in the proper french style , you would display salads of anchovies , lemons , bitter oranges , and radishes , accompanied by figs , cheeses with biscuits , and a variety of sausages .
` ` it will be a fine presentation , '' nodded mary , assembling some autumn figs on a pretty platter .
with the demand for olive oil , raisins , figs , nuts , apricots , potatoes , and onions now almost nonexistent in alexandria , necat imported them in small quantities for the likes of shareef .
the vineyards yielded several varieties of grapes , the orchards apples , figs , and even oranges and lemons , unusual for a land of harsh winters .
the paste was thick , gritty , brown as rotten apple , sticky as squashed fig .
` ` dried figs .
dried figs .
what do you expect dried figs to do ? ''
( later , he remembered the pleasure he used to take leaning out of his window to pick the ripe figs in summer , a pleasure he would never have again . )
game birds had been stuffed with apples that melted , almost like butter on the tongue ; fish swam in pungent oil , with soft , spongy bread set on one side for mopping up the oil ; there were soft fruits simmered in mustard and honey , dripping and sticky , and fresh figs with slices of cheese so old it had crystallised and become translucent .
the girl unpacked the basket ; spelt cakes , figs , cheese .
she looked at the figs , and remembered they 'd been speaking about poison .
a thick dark soup of chestnuts and dried mushrooms , with tiny slivers of onion fried in butter and a dash of dark vinegar to sharpen it up ; ham sliced so thin the light shone through it , soft and salty ; geese stuffed with apples and wild garlic , so that the sharpness of the stuffing cut through the fattiness of the meat ; a slop of lentils cooked with onion and walnuts , hare stewed in wine and its own blood , dried figs in honey , quince paste with sharp cheese , a sweet cake made of nuts and candied fruit , dumplings of muddy fish flesh flaked with breadcrumbs and onion greens , shredded chicken cooked with beet till it was purple ; different textures , different tastes , different colours , the luxury of variety and contrast .
i mean , there is miss nancy , a bitter old woman who lived her entire life for her brother , and i ca nt see that matthew cared two figs for her .
he smiled as he removed his gloves and went over to the table , upon which sat a flagon of wine , two cups and some figs and sweet pastries .
galeren turned to bertrand , as he placed two dried figs into his mouth , and smiled confidently at his old master .
they sat around the meeting table and galeren grabbed a handful of dried figs before he broke the silence , what have you decided to do in the short - term ?
galeren asked , devouring more figs .
perhaps it was due to the solemn occasion of the day that the tables in the great hall had been shrouded in fine linens and spread with a mouth - watering feast of roasted pig and venison , stuffed plover and pheasant , cheeses , imported figs and oranges , and above all , that pleasing wine .
he had no distinctive talent that made him stand out , like pirmins great strength , gisslers uncanny speed with a sword , or ruedi , who could hit figs with a crossbow from across the training ground .
a bushel of half - rotting apples , a basket of figs and a quarter - dozen eggs , were all that remained of their food .
stu 's bowels had been giving him no grief at all since he 'd gotten out of stovington and started walking , but he liked fig bars anyway , and helped himself to half a dozen .
the stars from the sky fell to the earth , like a fig tree dropping its unripe figs when it is shaken by a great wind .
breakfast in gillworthy is generally prunes , figs or bran , to keep him regular , and a large , healthy spoonful of cod liver oil .
the waiter reads back their order : '' so that 's two ham - hock terrines with red pepper and cauliflower piccalilli , one steamed shetland mussels with pancetta and pesto , and one partridge and mango roll with canteloupe melon , muscat and plum relish , followed by one pheasant breast with celeriac and potato dauphine , baked stone - grave figs , crisped parma ham and pan juices . ''
does nt mean a fig , ceinwen answered from somewhere deep in her antipasti .
chapter nineteen suds and hallucinations the failure of tomatoes , apples and figs to cross is not some magical property , but comes from descent with modification .
he had prepared a special spread for the occasion ; smoked salmon and caviar canaps , artichoke and goat cheese bruschetta , chickpea crostini , lemon dill mushroom tartlets and pinot noir poached figs for dessert .
demo had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 49 : alaric and charlemagne meanwhile , in the heart of toronto 's sinister financial district , with its eerie , gothic bank towers and its menacing brokerage firms overgrown with lichens and strangler figs , the bankers , financial advisors and brokers waited expectantly .
an hour later , before he fully realized it , john had finished off the dozen kiwis , the five bananas , the cantaloupe , two pounds of figs and all the rest of the stuff in the brown , recycled bag that randita had forced upon him , threatening him with a fate worse than death if he did nt eat it .
chapter five the fig , the bee , the elephant and the cow ? who is now a bull .
you wouldst hast better fortune to snatch ripe figs from a tree in th season of janus .
she instructed him to pick the figs that were golden yellow .
kane picked the figs and dropped them in his pail as alma pretended to watch .
alma : i ' m going to make the most delicious jam from these figs .
she prodded him to gulp water from the pail and coerced him into chewing a few figs with a guarantee that heart of the people will suspect nothing .
the farmer served alma 's fig jam with a gracious gruel mixed from semolina , honey , and goat cheese .
john also contributed one track to the album , the beautiful figs , on which garland took her one and only solo singing credit .
if you change your mind about grad school , ha - ha , you re back to four figs .
over the years , numerous bakeries came and went from federal hill , but the local intelligentsia knew that , if you wanted a first - rate pignolati , a melt - in - your - mouth fig - filled cucidadi , cashew bar , quaresimale or a golden wandi dusted with powdered sugar , you had to go see the jew !
and over the next few weeks and months there was a lot more : parsley , figs , green beans , dill , lemons , zucchini , basil , spinach , plums , rosemary , tangerines , kale , asparagus , cilantro , cherries , and a few hot chilies that stung a little .
i was left behind pushed to the side , hiding between two giant baskets of figs , choking back tears .
from a closer vantage point i saw that there was nt only bread but also olives , figs , and even a baked fish .
amid curling smoke my heel struck a platter of figs , sending them flying the plate clattering loudly into our new water jar sitting beside it .
there was a pause , then : he remembered each spring of his childhood , the land gold , and the orchards green with figs and olives , before it the world became too warm and people took to the shade .
not enough figs in my diet , she teased him with a twinkle in her eye .
she knew she had been full of delight when the aroma of spiced figs had filled her nose , when master martins bright eyes had looked so insightfully into her own .
he placed a tray on the table consisting of prosciutto - wrapped figs in balsamic dressing , prawns and an aioli - type dip , plus perfectly crisp mini taquitos and fresh verde salsa .
the homemade aioli and the wrapped figs were just as decadent and delicious as the taquitos .
fresh figs lounged indolently on her plate .
sophie tensed her stomach muscles against the sensation and plunged her spoon into one of the glistening figs before sliding the pink flesh between her lips .
she scooped out the rose flesh of another fig and held eye contact with lucien as she took it slowly into her mouth .
the fruits of the forest , the tomatoes and figs , mulberries and yellow plums , were smaller than the european kind , but sweeter .
magnus threw the monkey a fig .
the monkey took the fig .
the house had come with a cook , a fifty - something woman named dominique , who baked bread every morning , and , so far , served some variety of fish , fresh garden greens , and figs at lunch .
he 'd opened his fist to expose a small cluster of fresh figs .
gabbe had swooped in , lifting the figs out of luce 's fingers and tossing them in the trash .
as they drove , gabriel pointed out a large mixed - fruit orchard that in warmer weather grew figs , peaches , and pomegranates .
it was lying over on its side , and the skin beneath both of his eyes had turned a shade of purple as dark and plump as the figs on the tree in momma 's backyard .
her mother chatted with sawyer and wolfe while she made the espresso and pulled out a variety of fruit , cheese , figs , and apple tarts .
julietta poured the espresso and set the cups on the table , then nibbled on a plump fig .
the figs and raspberries were delivered late .
ye see , directly i heard about it , i went to mrs . fitz , and told her i was in desperate need of a dose of syrup of figs .
i also put out a bowl of honey yogurt with figs and goat cheese .
she blushed and reached over to take a fig .
her hand shook as she finally accepted a fig from him , soft and ripe .
she bit into the fig , its lush sweetness filling her mouth , yet she was only conscious of ammar watching her , his gaze so heavy and intent .
when she and john had stopped for a lunch of beans wrapped in tortillas along with dried figs , she 'd tried to get him to see things through her eyes .