as irresponsible as owen had been about impregnating women , then leaving them to face single motherhood alone , he 'd never used his offspring as pawns to bail himself out of a jam .
he drove his bmw down constitution avenue , but turned off when he saw a traffic jam ahead .
he pushed away form the door jam and strolled back towards her .
the first time she did n't answer i drove like a maniac out of the building , left my car when i got caught in a traffic jam and ran here . ''
she leaned her shoulder against the door jam .
she still had all the lower cabinets , which were jam packed full of supplies , to go through .
she always had the utmost faith in charlotte to get them out of any jam .
then , ` ` pass the jam , would you ?
lot of fucking thanks i get for getting his ass out of a jam too . ''
` ` if you show up with her brothers and assorted cousins wanting to help her out of a jam ... she 'll see it differently .
ava waited while the secretary patched her through to her long - time friend , the one person she 'd always been able to count on to help her out of a jam .
thank goodness he only lived three blocks away and knew how to hustle in a jam .
she glanced around at the traffic jam he 'd caused .
` ` then stop calling me every time you get into a jam . ''
` ` did n't say that , but i still do n't see why you 're in a jam , ' less you got mouthy with somebody .
telling him the truth - that she 'd never been kissed , not in a sweet way like he 'd just done - would get her in as much of a jam as trying to convince him she had n't enjoyed it .
i ' m hoping they wo n't construe your help in any way to get you in a jam , but i did n't ask and i could n't stop you . ''
or had macha dropped by to turn evalle into a smoldering block of charred alterant for getting brina in a jam ?
i just found out that tristan 's in a worse jam than i thought , and i ' m not sure how to help him now . ''
word had spread throughout new york that magnus was the warlock who would get you out of a jam .
that it 's only a matter of time before i fall off the law - abiding wagon , so to speak , or he has to bail me out of some jam , or i run off and get married again .
` ` if the town would just build a bypass for the highway , we could avoid this daily traffic jam , '' dr . alwood murmurs .
chapter twelve i tore my mouth from jordan 's and looked over his shoulder in horror to see milla leaning against the door jam , her arms crossed over her chest .
i did n't have a chance to correct her before clay nudged my foot out of the door jam .
now , it did n't matter if she fell behind in a traffic jam , or took a wrong turn or two , because she would always get there in the end .
` ` i ' ve got an entire legal team ready to pull us out of just about any kind of jam .
he points to the door jam that divides the hall from the living room and skims his finger down a series of tally marks running in longitudinal lines .
` ` cole brighton ... '' i stride back to the tally marks and inspect the sloppy row of lines crossed in groups of five that string all the way down the door jam .
will appears in the doorway and leans his shoulder against the jam , crosses his muscular arms over his chest , naked as a baby .
i ask her and lean against the door jam .
i walk silently to the doorway and lean my shoulder against the jam , cross my arms and listen to her sweet , slightly off - key voice .
` ` he 's in a jam . ''
` ` do n't give a f**k stew baranski is in a jam . ''
` ` if he 's in a jam , i ' m in a jam . ''
` ` if he 's in a jam , i ' m in a jam . ''
he rolled cautiously out of bed , walked silently across the room and stood in the doorway to her dressing room , leaning his good shoulder against the door jam .
it was sinking into my brain that lee told kitty sue we were together not because it was what she wanted to hear or because it got us out of a tight jam being caught in a clinch , but instead , because we were .
at first , i only did it for friends in a jam , snooping around , doing things such as getting the goods on a cheating ex , shit like that .
we were in a jam and needed somebody .
he would never look at jam the same way again .
was this traffic jam the real sign ?
like there was a traffic jam on his cognitive byway .
she tried to remember the combination of words that was supposed to put this out - of - control need into a healthier perspective , but there was a traffic jam in her system of neuro - highways .
but he had never suffered from a case of brain jam like he 'd had right after that session with sissy .
in this case , the idea that some man had brutalized her sacred body ... virgin scribe in the fade , his brain literally shut down from a traffic jam of aggression and agony .
` ` traffic jam , my ass , '' she muttered , heading for the driver 's seat .
` ` i thought i could count on my best friend to help me out in a jam . ''
` ` you were just helping me out in a jam . ''
her head fell back against the door jam , and he was treated to the gorgeous sound of her pleasure - drenched moans .
a semi pulling two trailers full of dirt had overturned on the highway ahead of her , causing a traffic jam that lasted more than two hours .
as interested as jonathan was in this discussion , he was growing impatient with the traffic jam that kept him idling .
would someone not very familiar with the area , someone sitting in fog thick enough to cause that big a pileup , know how to get around a traffic jam when there were so few options available ?
the delinquent father showed up muttering about a traffic jam , but this was a town , not a city .
` ` if push comes to shove , i ' ve got some contacts in law enforcement who might be able to get us out of a jam . ''
` ` what kind of a jam is she in ? ''
if there 'd been an accident or traffic jam , maybe longer .
he was in quite a jam , and he saw no way out of it .
in reality nobody with a drop of sense would hire him as an intern or anything else , except maybe as a traffic jam generator .
and quickly ground to a halt in a traffic jam .
` ` oh , he helped me out of a jam once , '' preston said .
his thoughts had gotten caught in a traffic jam .
after the deal gets sealed , if you 're in a jam and need an exit strategy , ask for her phone number - but do n't actually say you 're going to call .
` ` lucas who helped my daughter out of the jam with that giant suburban ? ''
wheaties could n't even get me out of that jam .
it was his heart and my soul before it was america 's latest teenage jam .
inevitably kevin ended up bailing max out of a jam , as he had tonight .
everybody gets in a jam at some point .
and whenever those dudes found themselves in a jam , they had no qualms about reaching out to anyone they could .
` ` juliet 's in a jam , '' noelle said after she disconnected .
` ` i helped him out of a jam the last time i played julian .
i make my way to the photocopier - which of course is suffering from a paper jam - and when i ' ve fixed it , i find it 's out of paper .
they got caught in a traffic jam due to an accident .
mr nicholls tapped the steering - wheel as if they were stuck in a jam ( they were n't ) , took two calls during the journey , one from the woman called gemma , which he cut off ( his ex - wife ? )
' of course a traffic jam is sheer weight of traffic .
' but the jam itself would still comprise the traffic .
apparently there 's a big jam on the marylebone road . ''
he followed cam 's eyes to olivia 's front door , noticing the repaired door jam .
aquarius leaned into the door jam and took careful aim at the womans head .
the light showed the blood that ran down the side of the door jam and clung to the refrigerator door .
the very next day after our phone conversation , jenny got herself into a jam on a bogus drug charge .
they offered me a deal to make a long story short , the very night before i got jenny out of that jam , i was with a foxy , but hard - assed dea agent named karen silver she 's dead now just like me .
midway through loading the second craft eleisus took a hit and his head slammed hard against the door jam , absolving him of responsibility .
seless dropped a supply pack just over the door jam .
you get yourself into a jam , even i wo nt be able to get you out .
if you see a traffic jam ... go around it !
the inspired free - style album was recorded in one take during a potentially inebriated evening in the mobile studio at mick jagger 's stargroves , after which mick casually stated : ' it was a decent jam , the details of which i remember not at all . '
we were causing a traffic jam .
math was jam packed full of lectures , and work sheets in an attempt to make up for the time lost to the three day weekend , and he was not able to talk to her during class , or the passing period .
how did we get into this jam ?
the jam allowed dave to spend many hours in the library , during which time dave signed up to the national scheme and got himself a library card .
he told them the publicly acceptable version of his story ( including his journey to the fez and return to carpe yolu , but not including his being from another planet and the talking , time - travelling jam ) .
does the jam have a set gender ?
the jam ?
people coming out of the post office were causing a jam when their imps stopped working .
well get out of this jam some way , but we sha nt do it by getting chewed up and swallowed .
a traffic jam ensued , nearly taking dmitry off his feet in the process .
looks like you get to deal with a nice chick jam tonight , he said .
behind her , the man from the chaser turned his rifle on his tormentors and soon what had started as a traffic jam was a massacre .
word had gotten out and the ensuing traffic jam had clogged all the roads into sedona .
set the alarm and wake yourself , i said leaning against the door jam .
violet says its my jam .
three stores down , there was a traffic jam .
there s a traffic jam for the next four fuckin miles here .
just get us out of the traffic jam .
an ugly mess , i must confess , and causing such a jam ; they do n't know why i did it and they do n't know who i am .
he told us all , kylee , here , got us out of a jam not too long ago .
luckily dorina had a whole set of games to play for the duration of one of the most unpleasant aspects of southern california life , the traffic jam .
as long as he kept breathing and did nt eat too much corn syrup or processed foods , there would be no traffic jams in his veins .
the men were leaving the room wide open for him , letting him guide the jam .
we consider ourselves damn lucky you came along when you did , risking your necks to help us out of that jam .
the positive thing about driving through all those neighborhoods was that the infected wiped it all out long before traffic jams became a problem .
i doubled back and introduced them in the shack in hawaii so that you , the reader , did n't think i invented them just to get rei out of a jam .
ions thoughts had come under a painful jam - not even because of the freeze shots effect , but because of the shock and alarm now pounding on him .
unfortunately , badru was held up in yet another traffic jam in the crowded city .
the first is the company 's in a jam and they think i can help . ''
i had to make sure i was n't forsaking people who helped me out of a jam .
trooper rodriguez was still getting everybody into their cars , but there was pandemonium in the parking lot and a traffic jam on the bridge .
` ` because of the jam ? ''
` ` the jam ? ''
he was particularly insistent about that jam .
if we ca n't , we 're going to be in a hell of a jam if it 's drifted to one side , or if its altitude has changed .
it scared her to try and reach seth directly , but she had never been in a jam like this .
look , i ca n't talk to you about this right now it was years and years ago , when i wrote that note my mother was alive then look , you ca n't imagine how bad things are for me now i ' ve never been in a worse jam and i do n't know what happened to stuart , really i do n't look , will you please come tomorrow night ? '
as a result , he could imagine them getting into a jam , perhaps being attacked from all sides , and calling for the machine at the last instant , assuming they could come home at once .
most of the cops worked to unclog the resulting traffic jam , although even a bunch of kids ( joe was standing with benny drake and norrie calvert ) could tell that the new and improved .
on the radio a commuter club announcer was telling me of a traffic jam somewhere ahead .
a traffic jam brought us to a slower pace and then to a crawl and a stop .
the city was one huge traffic jam .
` ` i ' ve never seen a traffic jam like it , '' said madame tracy .
` ` jam tomorrow , eh ? ''
one last jam .
it had gotten her out of many a jam .
henry cursed himself for getting not only his own nephew into this jam , but all the other students , too .
hiding as still as a mouse , she had heard most of pachacutec 's and inkarri 's stories and knew there was no way to talk them out of this jam .
she dropped flat to the floor and searched beneath the jam .
flickering light leaked under the jam .
he did n't want to be trapped in that traffic jam if there was a firefight .
if we get into a jam where you can help , you can be our reinforcements . ''
as they had anticipated , their enemies used the cover of these first probing moves to attack the log - jams designed to impede their progress through the belts of trees set off by sir ulath 's avenues radiating out from the base of the hill like the spokes of a huge wheel .
now , i am in a jam without even a little of my magic i ca n't defend myself from the wolves .
do you want to see the angel equipment , jam ?
come here , jam !
were aware of your time frame regarding your wings , jam , honey .
how did you know that , jam ?
we can not neglect jam and her angel studies , dear .
just go home , jam .
you used to call me , jam .
give me the baby , jam .
cruiser reaches the peak top and leaps , kitten - like onto the wall holding his angel - sword in a two - fisted gripe aiming at jam .
he grabs the sword holding it in the air waves moving up towards jam as she dances like a ballerina on the edge of the rock ledge , giggling with delight .
let the demon do her job lystra neck snaps her skull at jam who smiles and chuckles at the glued angels on the tile and wall .
drew looked down at his sneakers , searching his mind for anything that could help him out of his jam .
some kind of commotion up front triggered the traffic jam .
they started arguing back and forth , each of them blaming the other for the jam they now found themselves in .
you re kind of bossy when you re in a jam , said haven with a smile .
with the hostility momentarily quenched , the traffic jam was quickly sorted out .
we do nt want to spend the next three hours on the level - way in a traffic jam .
it was not long before they were through the jam , and the cars on the highway were moving at regular speeds again .
i could always count on him to get me out of a jam .
sara , back away he held up both his hands and braced himself in the doorway ; his white knuckles held fast to the door jam .
done with niceties , he pushed her away , and she fell hard against the door jam .
how it rolls , released february , 2013 down n derby , released april , 2013 caught in a jam , released august 2013 false start , released november 2013 thank you for reading .
he did nt change except to step down off the door jam onto the porch , one step closer toward katelyn .
now , in a fury , he flung her over the door jam into the house .
katelyn had been into the jam , even dancing in the jumping style of everyone around her .
we got out of the jam .
if she were a bent door jam , he could fix her on the spot .
bloom was racking his brain for a way out of the jam they were in .
he s lucky papas in a jam or papa would have kicked his cocky ass out of here .
there was a jam when they reached the first landing .
you come back if you get in a jam .
she got me out of a jam up on the terrace at the hospital .
uh no he went home , she answered as she leaned against the door jam .
if we get into a jam well call , otherwise well send jupiter an update in the morning .
it seemed that the entire week had been a long series of her injuries , of reese getting her out of one jam after another .
cory worked the jam .
it did nt help that it fell on a school daya school day that was jam packed with three test and traci jamming flash cards down her throat .
the doctor i did nt know looked in my eyes , took my vitals , pulled blood , and told me the winter ice had broken the ice jam .
there was like a traffic jam , you see , and then we had to wait for a train '' that 's what we 'd always do with teachers when we were latemake up excuses , say anything that popped into our heads .
after the series of gut - turning cauldrons , they had to push through a traffic jam .
` ` we would not want to get into a traffic jam . ''
i got caught up in a traffic jam .
any extended magazine and you risk a jam , and if you were in an all or nothing situation , a jam would be catastrophic .
any extended magazine and you risk a jam , and if you were in an all or nothing situation , a jam would be catastrophic .
a typical morning traffic jam reduced the speed to a snails pace .
there s some sort of jam on the holland tunnel .
how was i going to get out of this jam .
i ca nt believe there s a traffic jam !
they passed several cars on their left hand side and could now see that the cause of the traffic jam was a broken down bus .
once through , the crooked door slammed and bounced off the door jam .
that caused a massive traffic jam that led to longstreets corps arriving fatally late .
he d flattened the tips of each slug a little and carved an x into the top before filling the indentations with solder and filing them so there would be no danger of a jam .
there is no time to go into details , but will 's in a jam and , as a favor to his papa , i ' m trying to help .
winchester silvertips ; they have a more rounded tip and hence there is less chance of a jam .
twelve minutes later she hit the normal jam approaching the new hampshire avenue junction .
after an hour st cloud got hungry and pulled out of the jam , parked up , and went into a roadside caf .
he juddered along in a traffic jam , too many people on the road , too many cars for the traffic signals , angry horn - led descants accompanying the urgent ascending chords of shaking fists and single fingers .
it would sure beat showing the flag in st paul 's or scraping the jam of the motorway for a living .
but , in the meantime , the old man had gestured to the cell that dylan kept in his front pocket , we can help each other if we find ourselves in a jam .
it does nt belong to anybody and it would just be thrown away anyways , says henry as he quickly squeezes threw the door jam and john .
and just like that , my hustle - preneurship once again helped me out of a jam .
you 'd also be helping alex out of a jam , and the man looked like he could use all the help he could get .
i know an old man and a boy who love to help out people in just the sort of jam you 're in .
he pulled onto the exit ramp he sped up only to find a traffic jam waiting for him about a mile down .
as i tried to brush past brad to get down the stairs to her , he instantly slapped his hand on the door jam in front of me and my chest slammed against it .
after getting into a small traffic jam that takes nearly half an hour to get out of , manjak finally arrives at the house .
a minute later , the traffic jam lurched to life in a peristaltic spasm .
and only , ya know , raoul grimaced , cause i was in such a jam at the time .
i ' m not tinkering with these bikes anymore and i need something else to do to prepare for when we have to fight our way out of this jam .
i did n't get far as one of the humans who was stuck in the traffic jam opened the door to his stretched smart car limousine .
the heavy duty engineer mechanic volk , wally came bounding toward me riding the same miniature honda fifty motorcycle that i lost in the traffic jam .
while drying my face off with a towel i turned the corner , and leaning against the door jam with a sad expression on her face was shannon !
as soon as they turned into rue leperon , andr saw the jam twenty yards ahead .
suddenly , the truck arrived at a car jam full of curious and raging drivers .
by the time he reached the two older pathologists , jacobs could see from the side of the room that the door jam was now unseated from the threshold .
stopped to help with a printer jam , malik stammered , handing ethan his pens .
as usual , the cab got stuck in the friday night theatre district jam .
an unexpected traffic jam had caught naga unawares , and it took an hour to cross the last milestone .
i am extremely sorry sir , i had gone to corea town and got caught in a traffic jam on the way back .
when he bent down to enter the lexis , stone reached down and pulled up on the back of hawks suit , slamming his head powerfully upward against the top of the door jam .
however , the farside funnel held eastbound traffic in a massive three - lane jam , a backup that extended a mile or more to disappear around a forested bend .
i was going to keep at his flank , making sure he could n't gun his vehicle and squash me into jam .
they wo n't discover a jam until they try to fire their weapon .
their bosses wo nt help them out of their jam .
he dropped back down between the seats to check if he could clear the jam , then realised that he had emptied the magazine .
why did nt you warn me about this traffic jam ?
at the moment , remons anger was directed at a traffic jam on the five .
get me out of this traffic jam !
the blood in the body of remons global sat stuck in a traffic jam .
you are strong and can get yourself out of any jam .
veronica asked me to get you out of this jam .
after a minor traffic jam and a few zigzag detours , i found myself in a post - war development of tract housing , back in the days when they made the lots small and the homes even smaller .
we were in a traffic jam .
will crossed his arms in front of him and leaned against the door jam .
we got you out of a hell of a jam , and now were suggesting that its time to pay it back .
contents chapter 1 the flight from england chapter 2 bay house chapter 3 north head chapter 4 the third day chapter 5 storm chapter 6 narrow neck chapter 7 interlude chapter 8 myra chapter 9 clouds gathering chapter 10 tom chapter 11 carmen chapter 12 dr emby chapter 13 downhill chapter 14 confrontation chapter 15 diagnosis chapter 16 the preview chapter 17 star of bethlehem chapter 18 plum jam about the author chapter 1 the flight from england more chardonnay , madam ?
will you do that to help us out of this jam ?
there 's a jam ahead ... must be some traffic accident , kevin turned to drive around .
yesterday at 11:20 a.m. this car has caused a traffic jam on the intersection of the tomir street and barlingway ave . its license plate was removed , but the vehicle was still identified .
because of a traffic jam .
but of course , the first instant an opening was created , jerkoff in pickup would veer around to the right and fly up to the first bumper he encountered there , followed by a whole army of similarly inclined rocket scientists , and the jam was created anew .
life has been an idyll here , just the two of them , and despite the traffic jam of calamity represented by these past two years , the near extinction of at least this country and who knew how many others , she can think of no happier time .
i hear the doorknob screech as a thin line of light emerges in the door jam .
those half a dozen squad cars i was telling you about have quit fighting to drive through the log jam .
after the stadium , the first residential houses appeared , he reduced the speed to nearly 40 km/h , he gazed at the watch 1000hrs , he was nervous , he was forced to keep his cool , otherwise the worst will happen , in such traffics , concentration was needed and the road was in a total jam .
teleport was fully functional with just two of the computers , and in a real jam she could operate on a limited basis with only one .
lawrence was in a tighter jam than albert realized .
damion leaned against the door jam and dared to open the door a little more so he could see .
the electronic message board warned of a slow down at the next turnoff but josie flew past no traffic jam in sight .
i had really gotten myself into a jam .
` ` shit , '' the driver said , ` ` another fuckin ' jam .
now a fuckin ' jam ... the guys would leave for the lake without him , if they did n't hurry , and now a fuckin ' jam .
now a fuckin ' jam ... the guys would leave for the lake without him , if they did n't hurry , and now a fuckin ' jam .
you think you can just come in here , and since we 're in a jam can pin a murder on us .
one of these days you re going to get yourself in a jam and wo nt have anyone there to bail you out .
they studied across the spectrum , covering what they called the play factor , arming themselves with terminology that might get them out of a jam , and ultimately , hopefully , kill the progress of western science .
is he in a money jam or something ?
beyond that , sexton was a man who , if given an inch to maneuver , could wriggle his way out of almost any jam .
i wonder if she knew what kind of a jam she 'd be leavin me in if she did anything besides die in bed of a nice quiet heart - attack ?
no matter how big a jam i ' m in , my time of dealin with vera donovan 's shit thursdays is over .
` ` look , wes , i ' m in a bit of a jam . ''
an instant traffic jam .
you 'll be in a jam if they catch up with us .
god , he must get out of this jam !
we knew each other before and you lent me this money because i was in a jam .
chaos on the water , langdon mused , eyeing the floating traffic jam .
i figured if anyone can work her way out of a jam , it 's lexi .
fiore and colella had done him dozens of favors in the past , just as thomas colfax had ; but he had helped colfax out of a jam , and look what it had gotten him .
but i got into a small jam . ''
do n't know what kind of jam you were in .
the rumor about jam slowly leaked around their offices .
` ` bit of a jam , huh ? ''
they had this software , jam , that their clients had stupidly brought to the united states , to their office , looking for a fortune . ''
` ` i 'll throw jam at him and run out of the building . ''
he spoke harshly of his own giddy greed in shopping jam to various governments , hoping to make more money than anyone could dream of .
he 's helped me out of a jam or two . ''
he showed all the confidence of someone whose family had unlimited cash , which it would use to get him out of his little jam .
i 'll have a traffic jam behind me , ray thought .
enough to get me and charlie out of this jam .
i was in a jam .
see , jay always knew if he got in some sort of jam , his only hope was to make bail and skip . ''
i know you feel me , you know what jam .
she had to get out of this jam and find a way to run for it .
when in a jam , carrow often thought of how ellen ripley , the legendary badasstress of the alien ` ` uadrilogy , would figure her way out .
i recalled how he 'd saved my life and gone out on a limb for my sake , risking even the success of his mission to help me out of a jam .
a final bang resounded and cole peered around the door jam .
` ` i will only say that i was in a jam , and they helped me out of it .
i 'd hate to have to interrupt my vacation to bail your ass out of a jam . ''
as long as i did n't actively use my ice and stone magic , other elementals could n't sense my power , something that had gotten me out of more than one jam .
of course , i hit a traffic jam on 45 .
` ` still , i have the ability to flash my team out of a jam if shit goes down .
i got you into this jam . ''
` ` close the door , '' julian told him when it banged uselessly against the jam .
devon 's legs almost buckled , he had to lean against the door jam in order to keep himself upright .
leaning against the door jam , he wondered just how long it would take the distracted man to realize that he was not behind him .
he continued to stare at her , leaning slightly forward as he rested his hand on the door jam .
ho could be having the most domostic kind of rovorio - a picnic , a traffic jam , a day at the offico - and thon the light would grow and consumo it all , and the silvory figuros omorgod .
my ... uh ... traffic jam of lucidity ?
she listed many of them for me , trying to figure out who would be best suited to get us out of this jam .
and then , when we 're done skating on that tra c jam of an ice rink , we could go to times square and be surrounded by two million people without any bathrooms for the next seven hours .
` ` that 's what i do whenever i find myself in a jam .
on more than one occasion i ' ve had to use my legacies to help a pilot out of a jam .
there was the usual traffic jam on the stairs , and someone had farted in the stairwell .
their day had been jam - packed with early - morning farm chores , hours at the one - room schoolhouse reading bible passages and helping the younger kids learn the alphabet , and then helping lucy 's mom prepare dinner .
oh , look , a traffic jam !
` ` oh thank goodness , '' i relaxed against the door jam .
` ` if we get into a jam we will call , otherwise we will send jupiter an update in the morning . ''
but plenty of other people must have known about this dead kid , because next thing we ' ve got is a traffic jam off columbia all the way to peacedale first congregational .
i ' ve spoken with linda myself just this evening , and she 's got a great way of talking anyone down from a tree or out of a jam .
i could almost see him going through the first draft of this email , adding in all of those friendly parts , the ` ` hey '' and ` ` pal '' and those homey lissa expressions ` ` out of a tree '' and ` ` in a jam , '' plus the end mention of thanksgiving .
when i woke up , it was clear to me that if i was really in the ` ` jam '' that dr . p had mentioned , i actually did know someone who i could talk to .
a jam ?
the hammer was clotted with a gory jam of blond hair and brain and blood .
ronan tried to work out a door jam , but the old - fashioned door hook resisted his efforts .
` ` the main thing is i ' m in a real jam now and it 's either the rest of my life in a funny farm or in a prison , and i do n't like those choices .
the small forest in the valley became a raging green sea and reappeared as a muddy log jam .
they helped quite a few lost pilots out of a jam and made good business out of recycling the planes they left behind .
it took him almost twenty minutes to reach the site and he spotted the lyndon logging trucks on the west side of the jam .
` ` well let 's see if we ca n't pull that jam up enough to find out what it 's caught on . ''
the foreman nodded then took off for the truck that sat on the upper side of the jam .
when scott got to the end of the jam he looked down to see the little girl beside him .
` ` she 's untying my boot , '' he told the man at the end of the jam .
she thought a better plan was , first , to get herself out of the jam she was in , and , then , find out how she was being tracked .
of course , one good thing about a motorcycle in southern california was its ability to weave in and out of the traffic jams that were hallmark of this region .
we 'll get out of this jam some way , but we sha n't do it by getting chewed up and swallowed . ''
terrified , but unwilling to face my anger , they drove a pike into the jam and grunted and pulled and finally gave up .
i m so sorry , was a traffic jam on my way here .
there s never a traffic jam on the extra mile .
her pair was constantly fed terrain data from satellites so that wherever we were and whatever jam we were in , she could help guide us to a clear escape route -- yeah , lets rely on her to lead us to safety .
it was getting like a traffic jam up there .
we would have done too if you had nt overheated three times in that traffic jam .
leaning on the door jam , he watched her make her way down the long garden with her a brimming pail of peelings and meal .
he chewed on his lower lip , tapping his fingers repetitively on the door jam .
stryker felt quite secure in knowing this car could get him where he needed to be quickly , or get him out of a jam in a hurry .
however , he soon found out that the ship could n't get far along the eastern river due to a barge collision caused by an ice jam near the river 's mouth .
he might die in combat someday but it was nt going to be from an inopportune weapon jam .
racking my brain , for the life of me i could nt think of a single instance that i had lied to her ( well perhaps once , but that had only been a white lie ) , did you know that there are three types of lies , the first ones , the harmless ones are white lies they do not intentionally hurt anyone , they just get you out of a jam , in fact they usually save hurting someone elses feelings , like of course he loves your cooking mother , he always vomits after eating fish pie .
sometimes its a traffic jam , other times its international terrorists looking for assassins in a group of teenagers .
we picked up words like traffic jam and landslide and rain and mud , but did nt give them too much attention .
it was only when we cleared a small hairpin - turn and were stopped immediately by the tail of a long traffic jam that we realized how much trouble we were in .
they finally hit the source of the traffic jam .
i m going to make a jam today !
bodies exploded outward as reneeke with jaikus in tow slammed into the log jam of humanity .
but the figure at the door was distracting and , for the lack of a phrase , she shouted a jam of words that were unintelligible .
hey , if it was me and i was in a jam in brasilia , i know you would do the same for me .
maybe they could rush the guards in an all - out jam .
it made his door bump against the jam .
it would take a miracle to get us out of this jam we were in .
after considerable effort and a lot of frustration he managed to get himself out of the jam he was in .
before paul had had much time to consider his next move , he saw a huge , four wheel drive , flat - fronted , army lorry pull out from the jam on the left and ignoring the whistles and orders of the gendarmes , trundle steadily towards the roadblock .
as he walked past the line of stationary vehicles , watching out for the almost continuous stream of motorbikes and scooters weaving their way through the jam , he was amazed to see number plates from all over europe .
i was a lot for some people to handle , but my mind always got me out of whatever jam my body got me into .
backtracking , he started at the sight of a bloated horse caught in a log jam , obscured by brush and foaming water .
will you look at this traffic jam ? ''
we were in a jam .
nothing better for getting out of a jam .
i lurched through the door , hitting the door jam and careening off , landing on my face in the dirt .
i m in a bit of a jam and could use some help .
if you get into a jam , say so and ill send in the troops , mack said .
they may come in handy if we find ourselves in a jam .
he moved into the inside lane of the dual carriageway and was just about to pull over when there was a blinding flash and he found himself heading straight for a traffic jam ; which was odd , as several seconds earlier there had hardly been a car on the road .
i would nt think we need to worry , were on a dual carriageway in a traffic jam ; i hardly think that s classed as a parking offence .
now , look , er , mr twatt , aiden said , noting the name on the badge , i m sure that being in a traffic jam does nt actually count as illegal parking , you know .
so , the only way i can wiggle out of this jam is to concoct a scheme that makes him want to break things off with me .
' in a chunky jam i sent them !
and then there were the services rendered ... '' from the sounds in the shaft , the jam has cleared and the demons are moving forward again .
' kick out a jam ! '
you use big words to tell them it 's going to be jam tomorrow and they hope .
when there was no reply , adrian wanted to shake the guy 's box of marbles to clear up the cognitive jam , but instead just continued circling his palm .
until there 's a traffic jam , and then i 'll overtake everyone on the shoulder , yelling ` ` later , bitchez ! ''
i been here since ' 36 and i never seen no ice jam like that one . ''
but since the ice jam he 'd been staying away , and not only because of the prices .
four got crushed up in an ice jam .
she would have set records , except for that damned ice jam .
` ` i hear you 're in kind of a jam , over in sarne . ''
and if , a year ago , he had been granted a vision of his office as it was today , he would have drawn a simple conclusion from it : his temper had finally gotten him into a jam he could n't wiggle out of , and he had been canned .
it became our in - joke for oh boy , am i in a jam !
the only people whose bail is more than a couple hundred are movie people in a hell of a jam , but movie people usually have fancy lawyers and studio heavies calling police chiefs and d.a.s for them .
he 's got himself in a terrible jam ' way down yonder in vietnam so put down your books and pick up a gun we 're gon na have a whole lotta fun .
he 's in the same jam we are , an ' you 'd never make it anyway . ''
they got us in a jam .
then it made a loud click and a large cloud of dust shot out from between the door and the door jam .
i hurriedly crammed and kicked stuff into the jam and between the bottom of the door and floor .
bracing myself against the door jam , i tried to articulate the sensation coming from my own depths .
chapter fifty - three barnes was late for work when he ran into the traffic jam fred barnes lived in the classic suburban setting .
he did nt have to get anywhere quickly so never bothered to speed so never cared about smokeys location or if there was a traffic jam somewhere .
god had moved mountains , caused buildings to crumble , parted the sea and yet somehow , every time someone wondered how they were going to get through something as simple as a traffic jam everyone forgot all about those mountains moving and those buildings crumbling .
mind you , you always were good at getting folks out of a jam .
the traffic congestion seemed to be centered on the main roads , and we managed to get through a few blocks before hitting a jam .
well , good news , she said , tossing her pajama bottoms and bra out through the door and poking her head and bare shoulders around the jam .
he had a hand on the door jam and was kicking at a half - rotted pair of pants wrapped around his ankle .
a dull , pained roar sprung from his throat as he backed into the door jam .
max had one ear squeezed into the small space between the door jam and his almost - closed bedroom door .
like the human drivers and passengers they had once been , they found themselves in another sort of traffic jam .
grippa slowed down as he caught up to the jam .
gabe powell , the owner of the never spot car wash . gabe forgot to cut power before he cleared a motor jam and was electrocuted when the wash cycle resumed , red ribbon mops engulfing him like crazed raggedy ann dolls .
gets me my protein and supplements when i m in a jam .
if he got into a jam , or if the theorized shotgun assault did nt take care of business ... there would be the long , wooden - handled , wondrous he shook the thought off and walked out through the gap between the produce and bread , making no effort to conceal his presence ... and then he saw them .
if the jam had lasted another ten minutes , i believe i would have gotten out of my car and pulled the old man out of his .
and that was one hell of a traffic jam .
i started by telling her you were getting yourself in a jam down here , and that you were taking a lot of other people with you- '' ` ` what the fuck ! ''
she could n't depend on some deus ex machina to get her out of the jam she was in , and that was a bummer , but if she succeeded in doing it herself , there would be a bonus : she 'd be saved the embarrassment of lying here almost starkers while some sheriff 's deputy unlocked her , asked what the hell had happened , and got a nice long look at the new widow 's fair white body , all at the same time .
` ` that takes care of you , you 're jam . ''
it would be yet awhile before his number - one fan brought him the old clacking royal with the grinning gapped mouth and the ducky daddles voice , but paul understood long before then that he was in a hell of a jam .
if the forecaster in charge of that storm had been half as good at his job as annie wilkes is at hers , i would not be in this fucking jam , he thought bitterly .
when the playwright got his hero into an impossible jam , this chair decked with flowers came down from overhead .
` ` you 're in a jam , ace , but if you do n't stop behaving like an ostrich with its head stuck in the sand , i believe i am going to lose interest in helping you .
you come back because , hit record or no hit record , you got in some kind of jam out there on the west coast . ''
` ` my name 's not - ` ` ` ` you do n't have the slightest idea how big a jam you 're in , sylvester . ''
mankind 's final traffic jam had been a dilly .
you could talk to folks , or you could holler for help if you got in a jam of trouble .
any way around the jam on the left was blocked by steel guardrail posts six feet high .
you walk up there and see how far this motherfuckin traffic jam goes .
` ` you trine to tell me this traffic jam 's eight miles long ?
if someone on the committee has been leaking , we 're in a hell of a jam . ''
he got me out of a bad jam back in phoenix and i been with him since then .
bailing some half - assed country cop out of a jam so he can get re - elected next year .
the tight jam at the out door loosened and then reversed itself .
and whether it was boolsheet or not , that voice continued to insist that bobbi was in a jam .
left , left , right , through a tunnel , past a noisy factory , stuck in a traffic jam .
this left terry and i in a bit of a jam as it meant we had to split everything in half as opposed to sharing the cost three - ways .
the more relaxed you are , if you get yourself into a jam , the worse it could get .
but with my luck , a truck carrying a thousand dozen eggs would roll over on the main road to the camp and my dad would end up backed up for hours in the worlds biggest traffic jam .
a major paper jam had developed in the xerox machine down the hall .
jam offered his apologetic palm to the heroic triplicate .
the constant speech had given jam an anchor to reality .
with velos 19 a diminishing speck out of the window jam reappeared from behind the mound with a piece of paper and a stumble .
the sound of the tray of drinks striking the table jarred jam in to a vague state of wakefulness .
only jam was unsure what they were all so unsure about .
you d better take this corner jam .
dandara eased jam on to the other end , leaving bricks question about what they were doing hanging and his panic at the seating arrangements growing .
were meeting up in a few hours jam .
spiritwind doubted if they d ever see jam again .
they could see bettina and dandara chatting their way back , jam remained absent .
brick turned to jam instead .
sorry jam .
everyone stared at jam .
good plan jam .
it was clear jam had no idea what the bald man was talking about .
ill go and get directions off jam .
where are we heading next jam ?
not brick knew nothing of jam .
rather than risk the ladder again jam downed it on the spot and waved goodbye , believing brick and spiritwind were staying behind .
brick allowed everyone to pass , waiting for jam at the back .
jam looked back with the fear of a high tree that had spotted a herd of giraffes on the horizon .
did n't the ball move jam ? ''
everyone followed in a pleasant amble , only jam brought a ball to stare at .
bobby felt jam deserved praise for effort at least .
jam picked up his stick and got ready for the forest .
and jam checked his hip flask .
the magwanvu 's inevitable return gave jam another rest as the cycle repeated itself .
everyone had pretty much pieced together the clues , except jam who was still trying to piece together the ongoing plot on the television nearest to him .
fortunately for jam he 'd been stood behind hugo .
` ` what do you think of our ship jam ? ''
he was smashed into jam right there on the pavement . ''
it was a mean jam . ''
an older and wiser a person , i felt , would have been better suited in dealing with such a jam .
to get out of a jam it did suffice to go and fight saddam .
just to have a jam . ''
fancy a jam ?
time for a quick jam ?
the vehicle had become wedged between two buildings and was completely blocking the carriageway , causing great consternation to the owner of the large house on the bend and creating a traffic jam of almost a mile in both directions .
what he saw was pretty weird ; it was as if the bus was stuck not in a jam , but deep in some overgrown forest .
if he did n't get a puncture or meet a traffic jam the ride should be relaxing enough .
but now in the eternal city eternal ever since the traffic jam on the way in these kids were starting to really test his mettle .
well , the damn driver of the patriot - mobile float drove that horrible thing cheerfully through the jam packed , narrow streets of quibovari .
one of the lamp posts was acting as a traffic light and was creating the beginning of a traffic jam and a complaint from bahrains ministry of transportation .
nonetheless , i said yes after being reminded that i owed kaitlyn a very big favor for getting me out of a jam i got in for a social faux pas i committed a few weeks ago .
i ' ve never gotten myself into a jam like this before .
regardless , a traffic jam ensues simply to get in line to get to the line so you can then get in line to actually board .
this would leave them for the next half - an - hour with the hits of paul weller , the jam and the style council .
they popped out on a major toronto freeway , in the middle of a traffic jam .
he had utter contempt for the naked greed of the president and vice presidents sitting in front of him in their hand - made suits and year round suntans hoping they could bail their asses out of the financial jam their fat paychecks and ludicrous bonuses had got them into .
tracklist : the modern world the jam our house madness runnin down a dream tom petty and the heartbreakers 4 the town car rolled to a stop on the quiet , tree - lined street , the polished surface of the car reflecting branches and leaves like the deepest and blackest of mirrors .
the laws of interaction of citizens , if they exist , may be saying that democracy has the powerful flaw that most citizens in these times want jam today .
in fact , the villains were in such a hurry to get out of the supply room , there was a traffic jam at the door , but eventually they worked it out .
he too was drowned out by the ` ` untidled '' jam .
science students did nt get out much , what with all the extra labs they had to do , their schedules were jam packed .
some , however , continued toward the humans , creating a traffic jam as the horde tried to move in two directions at once .
everyone must be wisely too busy enjoying the good weather to be cooped up in a car and stuck in a traffic jam , which normally happens .
seems like it 'd help us both outta a jam .
we did it to try to get ourselves out of a jam and avoid closing our monastery and splitting up .
table of contents boogie by heather casey united states sarah leaned against the door jam of jonathans vacant room , her head against the cool wood .
as he edged around the door jam , he heard ziggys voice above the noise of the storm .
a nose for evidence wednesday 30th september 1992 thursday 1st october 1992 gunter karp never closed the door of his office , so bryony patton ph.d , having been brought up in a polite family , knocked on the door jam and waited to be asked to enter .
caught in a traffic jam on a multi - lane highway , like 75 coming into atlanta from the airport , he would surreptitiously challenge the driver next to him as to who would be the first to break free of the jam .
caught in a traffic jam on a multi - lane highway , like 75 coming into atlanta from the airport , he would surreptitiously challenge the driver next to him as to who would be the first to break free of the jam .
every jam was like being buried alive .
he did nt want to take the main downtown exits and have his truck become the source of a new traffic jam after all .
he had no doubt as well that after successfully negotiating the maze of barbed wire and chain - link fences ahead that he would be fortunate enough to rejoin i-95 well behind the source of the traffic jam that had imprisoned him earlier in the morning .
ringo and ronnie wood appear playing in an out take of a jam until , after 6 hours of filming , the cameras and people take a break .
he could think of no strategy , nothing that would work and get them out of this jamdespite the gravity of things , he had to smile at his choice of word , this was indeed a jam if he d ever been in one , would certainly qualify .
big time jam .
we 'll get out of this jam some way . ''
hawk was determined to experience a rush hour traffic jam firsthand .
bloke who helped us out of a jam in wichita .
a genuine oxford traffic jam , something that happens only on football saturdays .
this morning sitting in a trafc jam on route 80 and already running ten minutes late , she felt less sustained by the anger that had seemed to support her like a warm swell twelve hours earlier .
despite the silence of the mountain arena , my head was buzzing noisily with its own traffic jam .
girl you have to know them tings , so when a man come jam behind you , you could know if is friend or foe without turning round and looking up in he face .
agitated , he looked at the time on his watch yet again , and then with more impatience , looked outside the window beside him , wondering the cause of this traffic jam .
after that horrendous traffic jam experience and that incident with taxi , their journey remarkably followed a smooth path .
they scarcely drove ten minutes , when they hit a traffic jam .
i paid the damages of the taxi in that traffic jam , he reminds her .
so if you decide , you want to learn to fight i will wait till you return one up - victorious one betrayed by a kiss then burning , burning with rage i may learn to trust your hate i may turn and lust you babe sour - sour - sour sour grapes ( and you may call it treason still sour grapes make great raisins ) austin tea - bag caffeine and mary jane are making love at last while lilac wine , fresh as the vine washes away our past and darling shapes and sizes coalesce with tiger - force and as bad as things have become they could still be worse so drink to christ 's sure coming or your own indecision because you should be doing something else but you just ca n't catch the vision then let the caffeine fuel your fever let the wine cool your blood and let mary jane , dear friend of fools do just what she does free wild bird took me a while to smile , honey took me even longer to laugh come over here and light my candle or i 'll be over there to bubble your bath yes laughter is a remedy for all things and sorrow is a cage , so i ' ve heard like the ballad of a thin man or oscar living in a trash can but baby i ' m one free wild bird so dance me to the darkness , sweetly then darken me during the dance true saints are neither sexless nor loveless come over here , let 's make some romance and i 'll caress you with heavenly music or i 'll stroke you with one dirty word like we 're fresh out of luck or else in need of a buck but baby i ' m one free wild bird crazy as it sounds to say it of one self if i did n't , well i 'd forget who i am then sooner or later i 'd turn into a hater and damn that would be a hell of a jam so one more time for good time 's sake go ahead , call me a crazy - ass nerd like a man on a mission or a sea - hawk out fishin ' but baby i ' m one one free wild bird forty days forty days , forty ways to kill a man i ' ve been riding across this open country just trying to make a stand staying low , beneath the bells of fear laughing alone like hollow bones but i can hear them drawing near the dogs of death , the hounds of vengeful love fighting for this hallowed ground that they call , ' the field of blood ' where one lay , who gave his life for many though when he walked the earth he made he did not earn a penny o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' damn you mister landlord you ugly millionaire unless you give your life for love and truly learn to share what you own with those better than yourself wall street president , you must repent forsake all your wealth then you will be truly rich indeed but as it is you only build another monument for greed and if you say , well , divided we fall to hell with all your rhetoric and your bloody whitewashed wall o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo babylon , the beautiful you whore family man he breaks his back from nine to five just to feed his family ` ` i would n't be much of a man , '' he says if i ca n't give them what they need and i watch him as he works think it must be a sin when he gives life all he 's got but it does n't give much back to him the kids are growing up he 's happy to see them strong his son and daughter get straight a 's but by now his wife is gone she wanted something more i guess more bread than he could bring in still he has nothing but love for her how the hell could she hate him ?
she knew that the police officer had probably just made up a reason to put her son in jail and fabricated the amount of the fine out of thin air , but she could nt afford to hire a lawyer to get ivan out of this jam , and she could nt let her son stay incarcerated for days or even weeks while she sorted it out through legal channels .
deciding that the room was too dark and gloomy for a summer afternoon jam , wells took the bed sheet down and folded it up .
addamsen leaned against the door jam , looking strange in a t - shirt , work boots , and jeans rather than the black firesuit i was so used to seeing .
there were worse situations than sitting down to a meal with a man who claimed to owe you and was in the enviable position of being able to help you out of a jam .
one long blinking traffic jam from the city to the suburbs .
a car that had run off the highway would create a traffic jam that went back for miles .
just when things were goin good , the saloon man said as he leaned on the door jam and pulled deeply on a long thin cigar , i got ta go find me a new whore .
the paper shredder did nt jam .
can you pass the jam ?
the returns register was always a bit more rushed as the boys tended to return just before the curfew time and so often queued up and in the ensuing jam .
shelly inherently questioned the judgment of all single mothers : if they had done things differently in the first place , they would nt be in the jam they were in now .
aaron caught the door jam with one hand and pulled against the force of the other boy .
she leaned lazily against the door jam and caught her aunts eye .
alan rested his forehead on the door jam .
yeah , no kidding , alan said softly then closed his eyes and rested his forehead back on the door jam .
he was in a jam , and needed a boatload of money to get him out of a situation with the cartel , who owned his markers .
his car reacting with the power of a jet engine , he pulled in front of clem and cut him off with a violent jam to his brakes .
ahead a crowd at the reception caused a small bottle jam for people entering and exiting the hospital .
a delay of five minutes was due to a delivery van breaking down causing a traffic jam all the way back to jack straws castle , a weatherboard building on the northern edge of hampstead heath .
i d really like it if you turned out to be a nice guy who s just helping me out in a jam .
pete was just helping me out of a jam .
moore enjoys life in the historically rich cumberland valley where traffic jams are a thing of the past and there are only two stoplights in the whole town .
he s leaning on the door jam with his arms crossed .
if you have a better idea to get all of us out of this jam alive , i d like to know what it is right now .
the rickshaw traffic jam blocked his plans .
i listen to them for maybe up to an hour at a time as they explain how life got them in some sort of a jam .
i rather hope it will be an impossible decision , because i like being able to borrow you from jamison when i get in a jam with a complex loss .
she was in a real jam .
a traffic jam appeared over a rise in the roadway .
if i got into a jam like that again , well , i do n't know - i 'd hate to think what might happen .
discover other books by albert simon at smashwords.com : the henry wright mystery series : springtime in sonora mystery on the tramway drama in the mother lode coachella valley traffic jam this book is for berlynn chapter 1 wednesday , april 12 he loved the feeling of acceleration as he guided the big english car into the turn onto sunrise way from highway one - eleven .
because his mother was in a jam .
this pretty much counted as an all - out emergency , but he doubted the little chunk of money he had would save jamie from this legal jam .
` ` i think the traffic jam is suspect , '' stoner said .
` ` you in a jam with this dorvan , j ? ''
politically correct he was n't , but mel would pay jack to do this , jack would have another client who would call him when he got in a jam , and jack 's business would prosper .
toe jam . ''
ah , yes , the pajama jam .
he grinned , scuffing his boot into the door jam .
` ` so now i ' m in a jam because if i do n't show up , these three poor girls will know i gave them the brush off , and if i show up with some other girl , they 're going to know i lied . ''
i ' ve got classes on complete opposite sides of the school , and i ' ve got to go through a hallway , which is a traffic jam , so i ' m always running just to be there on time . ''
this is our jam ! ''
oh , asa was the nicest guy in the world all right , when he wanted something from you , and the only thing he was worried about was how i was going to help him out of his latest jam .
i turned when i heard a noise from the hall , and watched brandon as he leaned against the door jam .
` ` listen , uh , i ' m sort of in a jam out here .
even took my back a couple times when i got into a jam .
my heartbeat begins to slow and i grab hold of the door jam for support .
` ` looks like the obsessive fans caused another traffic jam today , '' i said , laughing lightly , trying to pretend like i actually cared .
` ` listen , i ' m sorry , '' her voice caught like she was trying to stop crying or , maybe , hyperventilating , then she whispered , ` ` so , so sorry but i ' m in a jam .
he was n't surprised , though , since jenny made it a habit of calling her big brother whenever she needed to get out of a jam .
he 'd had to bail them out of more than one jam since they 'd been assigned to his team .
together we walk to my jam - packed car , where i put that awful handgun in the trunk and suri checks the tire pressure .
and traffic would be guaranteed to be bad in this weather so i 'd end up paying double just to sit in a jam while staying dry .
i only need about three thousand to get out of this jam . ''
cisco had never really liked snow , perhaps because it spelled traffic jam in arborton .
this is my jam .
kevan whispered , backing into the door jam .
all would be revealed and i d take whatever action was needed to get her out of whatever jam shed gotten herself into .
kevin negotiated the land rover through the four - wheel traffic jam and slipped down a side street lined with restaurants , hotels , and stores .
and the last time fairplay saw a traffic jam was when that herd of cattle ran down main street fifteen years ago .
chase walked in and leaned against the door jam .
she turned and saw him leaning against the door jam , dingo at his feet .
dennis found himself in a mental jam .
izzy 's parents are in a real jam , there 's some real bad dudes after them . ''
` ` i love it , '' she breathed , and then turned to help him over the door jam and into the front room crowded with antique furniture .
holding onto the door jam to maintain balance , she watched as brandon dismounted from his horse .
she gave me her cell number somewhere around the middle of kansas , and reminds me for the fourth time : if you get into a real jam and need a ride , call .
i could nt imagine driving a car in new york city traffic , so i bought the harley a couple of years prior in case i ever got in a jam and needed wheels .
i was nt necessarily in a jam , but i wanted the ability to come and go whenever i wanted , without the threat of nate tracking me down at a train station .
the first day i met you ... you would nt come jam unless i brought whiskey .
she prided herself on using her brains to get herself out of a jam .
sorry , we ran into a traffic jam on the coast road !
as long as he s causing a traffic jam he knows he s still alive !
when she opened the door , mark was leaning against the door jam with his right elbow , his head resting in his right hand .
mark asked with his arms crossed , leaning against the door jam .
his arms were outstretched from one side of the door jam to the other .
i ve cleared your damn paper jam !
she was the kind of mom that the other kids ran to if they hurt themselves or got in a jam of some sort .
it does n't really have a name , it 's just a jam we put together .
` ` this is about as close as it gets to a traffic jam in buffalo valley , '' hassie told him .
a traffic jam and i have approximately six minutes to open the store .
he nodded down at her , trying to let her know he was n't going to let stone haul her off without trying to help her out of this jam .
and just for good measure , she asked god to please , please help her out of this jam .
and for the first time in savannah 's memories of last chance , there was a traffic jam on palmetto avenue .
` ` in case you did n't notice , we 're causing something of a traffic jam here . ''
seeing the traffic jam in the road , though , they stopped , setting down their burden with sighs of relief .
temporarily sidestepping the traffic jam , i seized on the other half of his remark , to give me time to think .
if the traffic jam did n't clear soon she would be in serious trouble .
add on that i ' m not quite finished being annoyed to find myself in love with you , and handing out hypothetical marriage proposals , and it 's a jam . ''
the same buildings and trees , the same smog hanging over the same traffic jam this time of morning .
do n't turn them up too high or you wo n't be able to hear the printer jam . ''
he would have been if not for the traffic jam on the causeway that had eventually sent him back to his desk .
a traffic jam ?