the lead singer 's sultry voice filled the air , ` ` like a flower waiting to bloom . ''
on the table in front of them were two flower wreaths that reminded her of the leis that you would see in hawaii .
he took one of the flower wreaths off the table and brought it over her head .
he made sure to adjust her hair so it flowed over the flowers .
as she passed the colorful flowers in bloom outside the cafe , they transported her back to her wedding .
they ' ve set up a flimsy white altar in front of the pool , which is filled with floating flower blossoms .
leftover food and cake clutters every surface of the kitchen , crushed petals stain the floors , and the plastic flowers on the rickety altar out back have started dropping off , one by one .
he should have looked ridiculous standing there in her bedroom with all the flowers and delicate items , but the decor only showed off how truly masculine he was .
when he saw how excited she was by the roses , how she preferred to do her homework in the rose garden , he 'd built up his collection of roses , trying to find unique and hardy flowers she might enjoy .
` ` he used to call them ' damn girly flowers ' whenever he found me over there . ''
the flowers should already be at the florist by now , lana should have most of the meal prepared except for the items that needed to be steamed fresh .
` ` she said you might like a flower instead , '' he replied , and opened his hand to reveal a crushed , white rose .
he asked , leading her out onto the terrace that was covered with trees and flowers in both pots and seeming to be planted in the ground .
it '' s nothing i can '' t handle , '' she said and moved away from him to lift a soft , white flower to her nose .
` ` i have no idea , '' he said softly , his eyes not even looking at the flower but more on the expression of joy on her lovely face .
this is something special , '' she said and moved toward the next flower , trying to distract herself from the man standing behind her .
each time she touched another plant or flower , he thought of how he would make her do the same to him , to specific parts of his anatomy .
perhaps he just wasn '' t interested in flowers and she was boring him with her silly talk .
` ` how lovely , '' she said , smiling as she took the offered flower .
afterwards , the groom escorts the bride around the room where she collects flowers from the guests as a sign of fertility and hope in the future , then the couple leads the guests to the banquet .
not a flower out of place ! ''
it would have been nicer if nik had stayed , but the flowers were a nice touch .
making his way along the pool that was decorated with floating flowers and candles , nik smiled politely at the guests but determinedly made his way out of the patio area .
maybe some bright curtains on the windows , some fat pillows and comfortable chairs on the front porch ... a handful of shrubs and flowers to soften the outside .
` ` i write about gardens and flowers , '' she said slowly , her lips having trouble forming the words .
` ` so why do you write about flowers and gardening ? ''
i can make people goo - goo about the tulips in the spring and the various flower shows and garden parties .
i need a dress and flowers ... '' ` ` what you need , '' ethan said .
later in the morning she 'd cover the tables with the freshly pressed white tablecloths the event rental outfit had dropped off , and decorate each one with an arrangement of candles and flowers .
there were no trees to shade them , no flowers , no bench .
he jumped off the stoop , picked up an empty terra cotta flower pot and hurled it at the plate glass front window .
his mother would chatter to him about the different plants , including the flowers that bordered her square garden .
she probably wanted all that dress and flower stuff .
she knelt before him , her beautiful dress puddled around her like the petals of a flower .
in the meantime , i 'll keep looking into flowers and catering and everything else .
the man probably wanted the land cleared and tilled , flower and vegetable garden beds built , and then seeing how it was already fall , he 'd probably want bulbs planted for next year and some annuals to pretty it up for now .
morgan froze , a flower pot in hand .
he smiled over at morgan who was picking fallen leaves out of a flower bed .
at the end of the lawn stood a white arbor decked with flowers .
chapter twenty when you send a kitten down the center aisle of a church , trailing after a tempting ribbon dangled by an adorable flower girl , you have to figure your odds of it reaching the altar are mighty slim , bella thought .
she met evan 's gaze again , and smiled when the flower girl - evan 's niece , katy - and the kitten - arrived at the altar and evan 's brother , nate - his best man - bent down to untie the rings .
` ` got her a real pretty bracelet to go with the flowers and candy i bought her . ''
she scooped the presents up , put the flowers on her dresser , sat back on her unmade bed and opened the box of chocolates .
flowers , chocolates and jewelry were n't very original , but he 'd noticed that mia loved flowers , and she always wore jewelry , and who did n't like chocolate ?
flowers , chocolates and jewelry were n't very original , but he 'd noticed that mia loved flowers , and she always wore jewelry , and who did n't like chocolate ?
after he was gone , mia clutched her flower and walked unsteadily back to the living room , where autumn waited , her eyes dancing with mischief .
and i loved the ideas you emailed me about the flower arrangements .
she says some of the flowers are n't available .
i do n't want ugly flowers ! ''
let 's go over the flower arrangements one last time . ''
this is much nicer , '' she said , glancing at the flowers springing up on the side of the road .
` ` the flowers are fascinating around here .
she 'd just prove that she was n't a hot house flower .
just the smell of her hair , all soft and smelling like flowers , made him harden painfully .
suddenly , the path opened up to a lovely pool bordered on all sides by flowers , potted flowering bushes and trees that seemed to bend over the patio , creating almost a canopy at one end of the pool .
he was standing next to a small grouping flowers , watching the door so he could see her immediately .
she refused to be a wall flower any longer so summoning up all the courage she had managed to build within herself in the short months while she 'd lived on her own , she turned to smile at frank who immediately smiled back and went into some very interesting stories about life in new york city .
what did that matter , she thought as the female lead started screeching at the top of her lungs , climbing a ladder to clip some silly bouquet of flowers .
this time , there was a large bouquet of flowers beside the bed but that only made her angrier .
but she had created several plots of land for cultivation and in a few months , it would be fertile with plants and flowers .
on the way home , she picked a bouquet of early summer flowers .
handing him the bouquet of flowers , she smoothed down her sweater and walked down the hallway .
should she hide some of the cut flowers ?
he set a bottle of wine and a bouquet of flowers on the counter , raising his eyes in inquiry as he watched the emotions flit across her face .
sabrina could n't deny him when he was so gentle and her head turned back just as a flower needs the rain and sun .
sure , she still found jewelry in her drawers or in a pocket , one time even in a bouquet of flowers that were delivered to her office for no reason at all .
directly down the center was an olympic sized swimming pool with floating candles surrounded by flowers dancing on the surface .
no flowers , no paintings adorning the walls .
a tall woman , who looked as though she could walk the runway in underwear , sat down on a broad flower swing , her hands holding on the ropes , while she crossed one leg over the other - harboring a dreamy look in her eyes .
massive , dense gardens surround the house from every side , holding every flower imaginable .
anyone who could keep a flower alive was a genius in my book .
his arms were full of grocery bags , boxes of pizza and two bouquets of flowers .
i do n't know , maybe he saw me as some sort of exotic flower , '' she laughed harshly .
we would most likely be laughing as we watched maddie twirl around in her dress , elated over her role as flower girl .
it 's not easy , and it 's not always hearts and flowers , but if you find the right woman , like ella ... .it 's worth it .
at the very edge was a grassy area where we 'd set up chairs and a gorgeous flower covered altar .
maddie went first , holding her little basket of flowers .
she was very serious about her flower girl duties and held off on dropping any petals until the right time .
ella went next , clutching her small bouquet of island flowers in her hand .
you do n't have to take me out to dinner , bring me flowers , or buy me anniversary presents .
for daniel 's beautifully decorated bushes , i stuffed wads of toilet paper in between the branches , like little paper flowers .
declan did n't have any flowers , but he knelt to the side , careful not to disturb candles and notes .
` ` i should put these in water , '' i said , reaching out to grab the flowers .
` ` hi , connor , '' maddie said as she twirled around in her flower girl dress in the corner .
desserts went into one pile , flowers went on the kitchen table , and cards went in another stack to be taken to clare so that she could write thank - you cards .
` ` oh ... looks like you ' ve already gotten a flower delivery today , '' i said , noticing a large bouquet of roses on the kitchen table .
i eyed her suspiciously for a moment as she began to arrange the flowers in a vase .
leaving the flower subject alone , i walked to the kitchen counter and helped with the groceries .
i wanted to see when you 'd be home , so i could drop off the flowers .
it had perfectly landscaped lawns and flower beds , a beautiful brick exterior , and a white picket fence .
when i met him for dinner one night , i walked into a completely deserted restaurant covered in flowers and candles , and i panicked .
when i finally stepped out of my car , a gasp escaped my lungs as my eyes lowered to the flower beds separating our two houses .
i whispered , looking down at the decapitated and ravaged flowers .
` ` they destroyed mrs . reid 's flower garden between our houses . ''
i reached out my hand and slowly lowered the flowers to try to find the face that matched the long legs i 'd been admiring .
i did n't realize you made house calls ... and brought flowers , '' i joked , looking down at the mess she 'd made on my doorstep .
i ended up a single father with a pile of dead flowers at my front door .
she glanced down at the flowers strewed all over my front stoop and proceeded to step over the mess with her head held high .
` ` sorry about the flowers , '' i said .
i needed normal and liv with the vibrant tattoo and crazy flower beds seemed to be anything but .
` ` my flower beds ! ''
leaving my tea and breakfast behind , i marched out my front door , dressed in only a flimsy nightgown and robe , ready to defend the flowers i 'd so painstakingly maintained .
` ` you , '' i said , pointing a finger toward him , ` ` were supposed to let me handle the flower beds . ''
` ` look , i know you think i trampled those flowers , and i ' m sorry .
` ` i hope you enjoy your flowers , sweetheart . ''
` ` i called the best landscapers in the area and paid extra to have them come out at the last minute on a saturday to fix her precious flower bed that the movers had messed up .
i motioned toward the stacks of mulch and rows of various flowers that noah and i had picked out .
` ` the flower bed ?
i know those flowers meant a lot to you .
apparently , money is all that matters to him , and i woke up this morning to find my flower bed being completely redone with chemicals and this horrid red mulch .
` ` he 's a know - it - all lawyer who destroyed my flowers , '' ` ` you could have just said lawyer . ''
i looked around , noticing the perfectly arranged flowers on the headstones , and suddenly , i felt like an ass .
i should have sent flowers .
as i approached the matching headstones , i immediately saw the small clusters of flowers scattered around the base of the granite .
i turned to see liv quietly standing behind me , carrying two bouquets of flowers .
i motioned to the flowers at the foot of the headstones .
` ` yes , i was tending to my flowers because i would n't want anything to happen to them , '' he said with a wink .
` ` i saw this particular flower , and it reminded me of you , so i felt the need to come right over and give it to you .
` ` so , where 's the flower ? ''
` ` where is the flower you just had to bring over ? ''
the tiny pads of his fingers briefly touched the wilted flowers i 'd brought last week .
pink and yellow flowers lined the walkway , and i could n't help but look down to see what color mulch was hidden underneath the deep green leaves .
not wanting to ruin any cool points noah might have earned during the day , i stayed back , and for a moment , i pretended to be highly interested in my flowers , all the while looking over my shoulder as he made his way off the giant yellow bus .
he 'd trade the stiff slacks for a pair of worn jeans , so he could chase me and play with me in the backyard among my mother 's flower and herbs garden .
i end up asking her about her day or if she thinks my flowers are being properly watered . ''
pulling out a large vase , i quickly arranged the flowers in a few inches of water .
from the bouquet of flowers i knew she 'd hate to the overly fancy restaurant , liv was having the worst night ever .
there would be candlelight , flowers , and not a bit of baby 's breath for miles .
` ` let 's touch up your hair , '' leah suggested , adjusting the crown of flowers she 'd placed there minutes before .
how could he reject such a delicate but wickedly tempting flower ?
he pressed his lips to hers and when she opened like a flower unfolding he captured her lips , her tongue , kissing her with a passion he had n't felt in years .
and then she was there too , riding the waves of ecstasy to her own peak , crying his name as her flower blossomed and pulsated around that part of him that pressed deep within her core .
she hopped out of bed and ran over to the window to breathe in the fragrance of the flowers under her window .
since her arrival kylie had spent every waking moment with her and slowly , tentatively , the little girl began to open up like a tender flower in the morning dew .
celine knew that working in the garden , planting seeds and nurturing the flowers were all excellent therapy for her little charge .
as he lay back in the bed listening to the birds whistling in the branches that hung by the window he could imagine her running across the grassy meadows with the boys or picking the flowers that lined the winding pathways they 'd seen on the way here .
everywhere you looked there were flowers .
without pampering her the boys took full charge of her , taking her on long walks from which she returned exhausted but brimming with stories of the birds she 'd seen in the woods , the flowers she 'd picked and the bugs she 'd caught .
from day one he 'd observed her interaction with the little girl , how she 'd pulled her out of her shell to bloom like a tiny little flower in the sun .
epilogue kylie was the prettiest flower girl in the world .
slowly and carefully , her face beaming with pride , she left the church vestibule and walked up the aisle with her basket of red rose petals , sprinkling the flowers along the path ahead of her .
in the middle of the table was what looked like a bouquet of flowers but turned out to be flower shaped candles from which an almost heavenly fragrance wafted .
storm walked over to the sofa where his guest lay like a daintily withering flower .
she 'd shown him the other side of her so now he was n't expecting a wilting flower .
huge windows looked out onto a country garden where flowers , shrubs and stately trees cohabited in a harmony of nature .
mary adored flowers and even from her childhood days in this house sam could n't remember a day when this kitchen had n't had a fresh bouquet of flowers .
mary adored flowers and even from her childhood days in this house sam could n't remember a day when this kitchen had n't had a fresh bouquet of flowers .
she was like an exotic flower in a garden of daisies .
how could anyone dare pluck a flower like that ?
while jessie drew flowers and turtles and princesses in castles , meg and drake tackled the first phase of the project .
` ` she never gets flowers for her birthday or for christmas like my best friend 's mom does and she never , ever , gets roses for valentine 's day .
this woman , so fearless and direct , was a world apart from the hothouse flowers he was used to .
and in the middle of that rug stood a small round table set for two , a bouquet of white roses in the middle of it , and flower - shaped candles glowing softly around the vase .
she drew in a deep breath , seeking strength for what was to come , and was rewarded with the fragrance of the flowers as they lifted their dewy heads to greet the morning sunshine .
` ` did you get the flowers i sent you ? ''
silken , a demure office flower ?
she stood out like a wild marigold among a bevy of hothouse flowers .
he was being a fool but how could he find the power to resist a flower so sweet ?
a delicate flower using a word like that ?
she was no hothouse flower , this one .
he had n't expected fresh flowers gracing a hotel lobby in such a remote part of alaska but then he did a mental shrug .
within months she would be his wife and at the ceremony they would have the most beautiful flower girl of all , even though someone would have to carry the tiny tyke down the aisle .
it was farah who rescued the unfortunate flowers from a fiery fate .
` ` the forgotten napkin rings , the ' little - girl - lost ' look and the baked flowers . ''
you know how crazy your mother is about flowers . ''
and then they were walking down the aisle together , hand in hand , and then out the open door where they were pelted with rice and flowers , the primary perpetrators of whom were lena , marilyn , sophia and lucia .
she was the lone flower in a field of pot bellied beer - drinking men and among such weeds her beauty bloomed brilliant .
she had her head thrown back so far her flower - bedecked hat almost fell off , making her slap her hand onto the crown to keep it in place .
rosie beaumont loved flowers and , like always , the garden was overflowing with blooms of all sizes and colors .
in appropriate tribute to her name , rosie loved flowers but she had another love that came a close second .
and they did n't have to be flowers , either .
as it approached the hour for his visitors to arrive he set the table and even went as far as to take the vase of fabric flowers off the counter and place it in the middle of the table he 'd prepared .
the lilies were my favorite flower in the world .
` ` actually , there is something that i needed to tell you , and william said i should have flowers .
every flower smelled sweeter .
while on a picnic , a helicopter dropped off her favorite flowers from a distant country .
she opened up like a flower under his touch and he could already feel himself getting hard after just one kiss .
a wave of humid air hit me , the smell of salt and flowers blowing through my hair and ruffling my clothes .
i could see wedding dresses and flowers already floating through her mind .
my niece will be just old enough to be the flower girl .
i peek around the door to watch her as she takes careful , measured steps and throws her flower petals just so .
there was supposed to be flowers and candles ... '' he frowned slightly at himself .
he held me gently as if i were a delicate flower , his strong shoulders and biceps not even struggling with my weight .
she paused between two bushes covered with yellow flowers and gave me a very knowing look that i did not appreciate .
a cool breeze ruffled the filmy curtains , filling the room with the scent of water and night flowers .
my other cousin , kaylee and her husband are at the front of the church trying to reign in a very boisterous little flower girl while aiden 's brother , logan , makes silly faces at the child .
emails , text messages , flowers at work .
` ` i was going to get you the one with whipped cream and the flower on the glass .
i ' ve already had a run - in with dustin about the cost of the flowers .
she smelled of flowers and sunshine , and he had to resist turning her face so he could ravage her mouth .
i ' ve sent flowers to her home and office begging for forgiveness and the chance to explain .
lorelei wandered around the huge room , touching the petals of a vase full of flowers to make sure they were real .
a round , wooden table stood in the center of the room with a large vase of fresh flowers .
the late night phone calls , the flowers , the beautiful wedding dress he 'd sent had been the sweetener to seal the deal .
the flower beds were immaculate , well - loved by vittore , no doubt .
vittore had allocated a small patch of the garden to her so she could try various flower combinations .
but she wanted a tiny spot of wild abandon where flowers could grow free of borders and boundaries - able to touch each other in the gentle breeze , support each other in a fierce wind .
when she heard the unmistakable growl of the maserati 's engine , she moved into the front hallway where she fiddled with the flowers in the vase on the table .
i love the scent of the flowers in the morning air .
like a flower that has at long last been moved into the sunshine .
with each step she recited the name of a flower in italian , trying to hold back the memories .
` ` and do n't worry , it wo n't make you smell like a flower . ''
i just figured most women like flowers and it was a safe bet you would , too . ''
i opened the door and there was a man with a cart that contained a vase of beautiful flowers , a bottle of red wine , and several plates of food .
i was n't heavy , but he did it as effortlessly as if i was a flower petal .
the bed was queen size with a thick mattress and box spring , and a beautiful quilt with small blue flowers was spread on top , which rosie had informed him she made .
daniel had never in his life hand picked flowers , nor bothered to pick them out at a florist .
katherine took the flowers and looked at him .
you ran around and picked me flowers .
the flowers and their fresh scent surrounded them , the sun warmed their faces .
` ` i do n't think she 's capable of hugging anything ... '' ` ` send her flowers or something . ''
he bought plenty of flowers in his day , but he hated that scent on a woman , let alone himself .
the flowers that were sent to her office by parker davis went right in the trash .
but he saw how much russell loved the flowers on everything in their house .
chapter 9 becky drove across the railroad tracks with a bouquet of assorted flowers , a bottle of red wine , and a box of cannoli .
a nurse helped becky carried the large spring flower arrangement , balloons , chocolate cake , a bridal magazine , and a few other things to decorate chloe 's room .
i bet you know what kind of flowers your secretary likes .
what are my favorite flowers ?
between helping sylvia decorate , making sure the guys all had their tuxedos , and that the flowers would be ready , she was pulling her hair out .
when she said her favorite flowers were orchids , sylvia had them ordered in all different colors , and there would be tons of them .
when she turned on her street , she could see some of the flowers , but the pool was hidden from the road .
the flowers are in the cooler , so we 'll put the rest of those out around noon .
the sun was low in the sky but still warm , and the scent of flowers filled the air .
the door opened at that moment and a doctor entered , together with a nurse , and behind them kim and dani , both carrying a big bunch of flowers and a couple of carrier bags .
he placed the flowers on the table by her bed and stared down at her for a moment .
she smiled as she saw the picture of the field of wildflowers , all periwinkle and happy flower faces and she could actually feel the wind in the picture .
he tossed the flowers down onto her kitchen counter , then took her into his arms and kissed her , one hand sliding into her hair and holding her head , the other wrapping around her waist , gently bringing her body close against his .
` ` what about the flowers ? ''
` ` do n't worry about the flowers , '' he said calmly and gently led her out the door , shutting it firmly behind them .
looking around , she immediately saw the flowers .
but the alternative , that one of his household staff had entered the room and placed the flowers there , was equally disconcerting .
it was just a note or a cup of coffee , sometimes a single flower but whatever it was , it made her smile as she read the words or took in the delicate scent of the rose he thoughtfully left for her .
maybe flowers ?
she had soft hands , a ready laugh , twinkling eyes and continually smelled of flowers .
` ` the flowers were delivered this morning , '' betty said .
` ` the flowers you asked to be delivered to ms . stephanie michaels this morning , '' betty reminded him .
he 'd asked betty to send some flowers but had immediately dismissed it from his mind moments after he 'd given the command .
it was probably some upscale suite where she 'd get all her flowers and champagne , something to remember the conception with .
the caterer was cooking frantically , flowers adorned just about every flat surface and there were valets , cleaners , someone to handle coats and so many men around that looked like security but surely that was unnecessary , was n't it ?
kallista felt like a flower being tossed into the wind , but as he guided her across the dance floor , she changed from a flower to a feather , almost floating across the makeshift dance floor that had been set up for their wedding .
kallista felt like a flower being tossed into the wind , but as he guided her across the dance floor , she changed from a flower to a feather , almost floating across the makeshift dance floor that had been set up for their wedding .
he did n't let her stop and smell the flower arrangement in the foyer , guiding her right back to the bedroom .
your room is beautiful , but you ca n't see me in that bed with the flowers all over it .
the following day , she was sitting in ellen finkle 's flower covered sitting room with her mother when the doorbell rang .
there were flowers on every surface and champagne chilling in preparation of their wedding toast .
she thought about all the things she would need to organize for a wedding , all the invitations , the reception , the flowers , a dress ... the list went on and on .
in milan , they stayed at a villa just outside the city and each evening , clarissa was surrounded by a magnificent garden scented with beautiful flowers .
there were candles on the mantle and on a table set up in the corner with flowers .
clarissa climbed into the beautiful rose patterned bed , loving the smell of flowers just under the ornate balcony that wafted through the open doors .
in addition to the flowers , there was the cloying smell of the women 's perfume .
with a shrug , she turned around and tossed the flowers over her shoulder , laughing at the screams of excitement from the women who were frantically trying to grab for the flowers .
with a shrug , she turned around and tossed the flowers over her shoulder , laughing at the screams of excitement from the women who were frantically trying to grab for the flowers .
the flower petals showered down as max led her through the crowd and into the back of a limousine .
the sun was hot but she did n't even notice as she walked up the pathway between the hedges and early summer flowers .
instead , helen changed into a casual , white sundress with pink flowers covering it , pulling her hair into a clip on her neck .
she smiled a teary smile as she watched dimitri walk into the private hospital room , his arms filled with flowers .
there were flowers everywhere !
slipping her arms into the fluffy robe with the name of the hotel embroidered on the top , she padded barefoot through the penthouse , her mouth dropping open as she saw that it was n't just the bedroom that held the flowers .
she touched one flower gently , afraid to mar the perfection of the petals as she twirled around , looking at the hundreds , possibly thousands of red roses .
when she opened the box , she found a pressed flower .
the note in the middle was obviously from dharran and she was tempted to just leave it there amidst the flowers .
with her key still in the door , her eyes barely able to see anything since it was the wee hours of the morning and no lights were still on , she spotted dozens of gorgeous flowers all over the tiny kitchen and den area , on every available surface , even on the floor .
her landlord must have opened the door for the deliveries , probably wondering why on earth someone would bombard her with so many flowers .
emma gasped at the imagery he built in those two sentences , her body already primed from thinking about him all day long and now , with the scent of the flowers filling her mind , she was definitely going to have trouble now .
she liked that he brought her flowers , even if it was only one bloom .
emma recognized some of them from her previous visit but was still completely lost by the time they entered a lovely buttery yellow room with a dainty desk in the middle and overstuffed flower upholstered chairs in a small sitting area .
gary had been so sweet and attentive , always bringing her coffee at work , meeting her for lunch and bringing her flowers before almost every date , leaving her each evening with a gentle kiss and no pressure .
she doubted the tall guy would even buy her flowers much less respect the fact that she was n't going to sleep with him .
as soon as she reached the lobby , she raced out of the building , finding solace in the courtyard with the trees and flowers , the hostas that carpeted the ground underneath the trees at the edges of the gardens seemed to smile at her with their perfect rows of leaves and purple flowers that were nearing the end of their season .
gary was the one who brought her flowers and treated her like more than just someone to get into bed .
looking over at mitch , she almost burst out laughing as she caught him grimacing at the flower covered cup , but he took the obligatory sip of tea before nodding his appreciation to the hostess .
she 'd seen too many of the women come and go in his life , and actually ordered all their presents including birthday gifts , flowers and goodbye trinkets costing sometimes more than her annual salary , which was quite hefty .
she stepped out into a lovely wood paneled entryway with a gorgeous crystal chandelier twinkling over a huge bouquet of fresh flowers .
he 'd thought about stopping to get some flowers , wanting to show her exactly how much he liked having her in his home and being there when he arrived , but in the end , he did n't want to take the time to stop and get the flowers .
he 'd thought about stopping to get some flowers , wanting to show her exactly how much he liked having her in his home and being there when he arrived , but in the end , he did n't want to take the time to stop and get the flowers .
she was here all the time that first week , sitting outside your room when she was n't allowed in , interrogating the doctors to make sure you were getting everything you needed , bringing us cookies and brownies or just some flowers .
the gardens outside her suite of rooms were just starting to blossom with the early spring flowers and she wished she could just climb out of her window and lay down in the fragrant earth , forgetting about her problems and the urgency of her upcoming nuptials .
she chose a pretty spring dress with flowers covering the skirt and bodice with a matching solid , yellow cardigan for the cool breezes that sometimes sprung up during the day .
marabeth smiled as she opened the door to reveal sam standing there , leaning against her door with a bouquet of flowers .
she frowned as she took the flowers , letting him follow her into her suite .
he did n't move , but continued to lean against the cement railing as he watched her walk across the patio touching the flowers .
she stared out the window , watching the wind stir the trees and flowers softly .
it was summer now and she had a beautiful backyard filled with flowers and a brick pathway as well as a patio surrounded by plants that she spent many hours on the weekends weeding and perfecting .
in fact , it was very relaxing to be surrounded by flowers and the smells of the earth .
tara looked around the lovely room filled with fragrant flowers and wondered what had just happened .
she clutched the flowers to her waist , trying desperately hard to figure out what the attractive man was trying to signal to her .
so many people had heard that hussan had arrived and they were thrilled to see him , exuberant at their upcoming wedding and several people rushed up to give her flowers , smiling eagerly at hussan before backing up .
isla took the flowers , feeling a warm glow of acceptance with the lovely gesture .
as soon as they were inside the vehicle , hussan took the flowers and tossed them into a bag his body guard handed to him .
isla was horrified as her pretty flowers disappeared .
she demanded , reaching for the bag , intending to take the flowers out again .
both of them had looked so sweet and sincere as they 'd handed her flowers they 'd probably picked out of their garden or any field they 'd come across .
` ` we do n't know what 's on the flowers , '' hussan explained quickly and wiped her hands down with a cloth that smelled of rubbing alcohol .
they 're just flowers ! ''
he shook his head and grabbed her hands again , wiping off as much as he could before tossing the wipe into the same bag into which her flowers had disappeared .
` ` they might not be just flowers , isla . ''
the starkness of the room was offset only by thick , subtle floral carpeting and the large centerpiece of flowers on each table that matched the pattern in the carpeting .
a huge , gothic mansion with seventeen bedrooms , a kitchen that a catering company would envy , an olympic - sized swimming pool and a maze of hedges among acres of gardens maintained in memory of antonia 's father who loved a lush variety of flowers .
brett and antonia walked silently back to the patio where tables had been set up with linen and flowers .
antonia had been playing in the flowers with the children and was lost in the enjoyment of the afternoon .
there was a small skirmish with the hair dresser who wanted to put white flowers in her hair , but antonia realized that sal had told her what type of dress she 'd be wearing and corrected the idea .
victoria wanted a garden with vegetables and herbs and lots of flowers around her house .
` ` i know your fantasy is to have babies , live in a cottage house surrounded by flowers and a vegetable garden with a husband walking through the front door at six o'clock each evening .
i just want to have a peaceful life and watch flowers grow . ''
only the candles flickered in response and the petals on the hundreds of flowers waited anxiously .
she was no one 's wall flower !
only fifty feet away , she looked out onto the spectacular view of the ocean beating against the rocks , palm trees swaying softly in the breeze and hibiscus flowers blooming profusely along the fence line .
she did n't understand why she was noticing the flowers when her life was again ridiculed in the newspapers .
the front entry way was softened by a bowl of freshly cut flowers on a side table and interesting pictures .
her breath caught in her throat and her face turned up to his like a flower to sunshine .
` ` i do n't know , maybe just some flowers somewhere , '' she said , waiving her hand at the room in general .
` ` flowers are nice , '' he said and looked around the room .
` ` you look around , you say flowers and pillows .
` ` well , there 's going out and shopping for pillows , the flowers die and have to be replaced periodically .
slam dunk , boys over flowers , and coffee prince are just a few asian tv series that were imported to europe and became such huge blockbusters with their niche markets .
fans loved the sport angle in slam dunk , the harem of beautiful - looking guys found in boys over flowers , and the idea of a girl pretending to be a guy in coffee prince .
` ` if you do not want me spending my money on flowers , then what should i spend my money on ?
the flowers followed , and i donated them to the charity occupying an office in 7 / f .
here and there i 'd let my fingers graze the bark of a tree , a flower 's tender soft petals , their textures a way of cementing the fact that this was all real .
but because she had this really cool french accent , it ended up sounding something really sophisticated , like she had just told me her favorite flower was casablanca lily .
before he met her for lunch , he had errands to run , flowers to buy , jewelry to give and whatever else a man did when he wanted to show a woman he was serious about her .
this was going to kill her and no amount of flowers or jewelry would bring her back to life .
here 's what you 're going to do : fill her entire room with flowers and the largest box of chocolate truffles you can find - dark , mind you , not milk . ''
someone to discuss the sweetest mundane things , like picking out paint samples and debating where the next flower bed in their yard should go .
noting the absence of flowers and an abundance of clothes scattered everywhere , christian raked a hand through his hair in annoyance .
` ` where are your flowers ? ''
` ` you broke into my hotel room to ask about flowers ? ''
zoe did a little jumpy clap and then sat down on the one spot of the bed that was n't covered in flowers .
the vases of flowers that had taken over her room had been sent to the other guests on her floor .
she swept her arm out , smacking a vase of flowers and sending the entire thing crashing to the floor .
the makeshift crown of pink and green flowers she 'd put in her hair while they had waited had wilted , but she looked rather enchanting .
and he was acting like a damn schoolboy , running his fingers through her long , silky hair and tickling the side of her face with one of the flowers he plucked from the crown she 'd made .
` ` and blue birds singing a happy working song as you pick flowers from your carefully tended garden .
` ` pretty flower for a pretty lady , '' gabriel said , his arms strong as they held her .
` ` thanks for the flower . ''
the light spilling through the picture window caught her eye and she stared , watching as hummingbirds and butterflies flitted from flower to flower .
` ` even weirder than madam flower 's ? ''
he stayed hidden on the porch , watching as zoe chased her niece around the back yard , flowers falling with each step .
i would deny my father and be your sworn love , '' he shouted and tossed the purple flower up in the air .
leafy plants , orchids , roses and a multitude of flowers that she had no name for grew together as no plants of the tropical and evergreen variety should .
take her flowers or some kind of shit women like .
like every poppy holland before her , rose forced fruits , vegetables , flowers and herbs to grow out of season in order to make ' potions ' and creams .
she took a deep breath and began checking the pots of herbs and flowers for insects , mold and dryness .
time seemed to fall away as she got into a groove of removing dead leaves and flower heads .
he meandered around the glass - enclosed building , pausing every so often to read labels or sniff at a flower .
` ` what 's your favorite flower ? ''
he leaned against a table and a cluster of white flowers caressed his face .
he brushed the flowers away , then nodded to ivy .
now tell me what flower is really your favorite - purely aesthetic .
white flowers brushed his face again , directing his attention back to the lovely vision standing so close .
one of him gently laying her down on a thick carpet of flower petals on the floor , sinking his hands into her hair , and kissing- a cold breeze hit him and he blinked , stunned to find his arms holding air and rose by the door with ivy on her hip .
as she picked flowers and talked to blackbeard as if he were human .
if i know a couple will be there on a certain day and time , i send flowers to them . ''
helping her mother pick flowers as she and her sisters learned each one 's proper name and uses .
it was n't just seeds or flowers ; it was her legacy .
he could send flowers .
daisy , i hope you enjoy this traditional english breakfast , and the flowers .
according to the card that had come with the huge flower bouquet he 'd sent her , he 'd been in new york city , conducting business .
` ` jelly belly will be the flower girl . ''
` ` you 'll be the best , most precious flower girl ever , '' nina added in high - pitched baby voice .
her head dipped as she sketched , adding more flowers to the second tier .
a few minutes later , he caught sight of her , sitting beside a headstone , flowers in her lap , and her head bent .
or the bouquet of flowers he had delivered .
she had pale blond hair and eyes the color of the flowers that dominated every bed on the estate .
clothes stored in steamer trunks that smelled of dried flowers .
shop doors were propped open with daily sale signs , or large pots of in - season flowers .
she shook her head in answer , sending the scent of flowers washing over him .
i 'd wear flowers in my hair and fish for us , while you did the dangerous hunting and watched the kids . ''
` ` you always looked pretty with flowers in your hair . ''
her hair was braided in a crown around her head , with a sprig of flowers nestled in the back .
she and her sisters had played with century - old dolls , which had been made over every few years , and smelled of dried flowers .
jemma leigh had gathered it at the crown , leaving most of it loose , with flowers woven in .
` ` i like the flowers in your hair , '' gabriel said as they sat at an elaborately decorated table just for the two of them .
he brought her flowers every tuesday .
falling to her knees , she ripped at the plants and flowers , at anything her hands could grasp .
she certainly did n't want to smell the flowers .
every day , i 'll pick flowers for you to wear in your hair , and together , we 'll watch the kids . ''
` ` like a flower blooming , slowly opening its petals .
` ` i could promise you hearts and flowers , but i 'd rather be truthful , '' he said and her heart , the traitor , sank .
she was n't sure why she would want hearts and flowers from him .
actually , she did want hearts and flowers from him if they stood for love .
` ` i 'd rather you buy me flowers . ''
` ` while you 're forced to marry a man who does n't even know your favorite flower , '' he supplied .
he would buy her flowers , as many as he could for their wedding day .
sensing a need to change the subject , she stepped out of his embrace and then stooped to pick a sprig of purple flowers .
the chapel decorations , the guests , her beautiful flowers , and most of all , her family .
a little parade of children carrying ribbons and flowers cut in front of her to cross the street , and she stopped to watch them .
tula looked at the realistic scene of a forest , with a flower - strewn meadow stretching out into the distance .
a landscaped sweep of greenery and flowers spread out in front of it in barely tamed splendor .
the flower beds had long ago gone to seed and now there were only monstrous weeds fighting each other for space .
he pulled away , stripped off his jeans and laid her down on the threadbare rug with its pattern of faded pastel flowers .
the flower beds were weeded and bursting with newly planted , bright spring blossoms .
have the best man walk down the aisle with the flower girl . ''
` ` then let me be the flower girl .
the last time he was here , it had been summer and the flower beds were crowded with color and scent .
nope , she was through with the hearts - and - flowers thing .
there were vases filled with glorious arrangements of fresh flowers that scented the air until she felt as if she were walking in a garden .
not to mention a vase full of flowers in the corner of the marble vanity counter .
with the crystal vases holding arrangements of flowers that were nearly as tall as she was .
then his gaze swept over her , taking in her knee - length , long - sleeved cotton gown decorated with pale blue flowers .
` ` why , the newly redone little league field and all of the flowers planted along main street ... '' he stopped and shook his head .
he shook his head , glared out at the wide sweep of flowers spread out in front of him and muttered , ` ` i did n't ask her to do it , did i ?
` ` you 're in charge of flowers , too ? ''
he 's always preferred his flowers to people . ''
he did n't say anything to that , and when the silence became too much to bear , margie turned and left him standing amid the spring flowers .
there were helium - filled balloons trailing colorful ribbon strings bouncing against the ceiling , and calvin 's flowers decorated either end of the buffet table .
hunter stood up , moved away from the desk and walked to the wide window that overlooked the acre of tidy green lawn and perfect flower beds .
tomorrow , there would be multicolored balloons and fresh flowers from the cabot gardens decorating the tables .
her corn flower blue eyes looked misty .
` ` you got flowers .
when i got back home that night after an entire day of rigorous testing , i found a vase filled with an elaborate flower setting .
she 'd never seen so many flowers outside a greenhouse .
allison gestured to the piles of flowers .
` ` i wish some handsome stranger would walk in off the street to bring me dozens of flowers , just because . ''
the type of flower was merely coincidence , she told herself .
just an accidental mix - up at the flower shop .
i 'll put the flowers in water and pour two glasses of wine for us . ''
` ` oh , '' he added , ` ` and they must ' ve gotten a steal on crappy harvest gold flower wallpaper .
also on sundays he watered the extensive flower beds the previous owners had left , then lazed around envisioning his future house with a huge great room and floor - to - ceiling windows overlooking the distant city lights .
it was gatsby - level big , with a manicured lawn and flowers that looked like they were changed once a month .
there were vibrant , beautiful flower arrangements laid out in a row on the giant kitchen table , with intricate , gold dishes that seemed to sparkle , porcelain soup bowls and polished silverware .
the kissing gate in front of the cottage was ensnared with vines and flowers , almost as if it was guarding something secret .
we 'll leave immediately to redwood city and take photos of will leaving flowers at the crash site , and then there will be photos with the families .
my father gave me a one - armed side hug as my mother gestured excitedly towards the giant bouquet of flowers sitting on our dining room table .
i lifted my arm , which held flowers that i bought from safeway .
i shook with rage as i saw the flowers i brought , which my mother found suitable for the bathroom .
where had the flowers come from ?
` ` if it 's any consolation , i wanted to wear my light - colored shirt with pink flowers , but it 's dirty . ''
she took the flowers and draped her arms around him again .
the flowers had arrived .
he paused , unnoticed , behind a wall of flowers next to the bride and groom 's table .
the flowers bounced around as if on a springboard , rebounding off tasha 's head and sailing behind her into lecie 's hands ... where it stayed .
the name was in french and she had trouble reading it , but she thought it had something to do with flowers or maybe the sun .
with a bouquet of calla lilies and honeysuckle in hand - naoma de laurent 's favorite flowers - andre waited patiently for the service to conclude and the crowd to disperse .
he gave the attorney one last friendly nod and let the hand holding the bouquet of flowers drop to his side as he headed off .
she was always attentive to andre and julian 's feelings , making sure there were fresh flowers on their mother naoma 's grave on her birthday and at christmas .
he knelt and deposited the flowers into the vase - like hole at the bottom of the headstone .
tasha 's gown was elegant , the flowers tasteful , and the dress code was a step or two down from black tie .
trees provided ample shading , and flower beds filled with budding fall flowers dotted the yard .
trees provided ample shading , and flower beds filled with budding fall flowers dotted the yard .
trees , shrubs and flowers complemented a well - manicured lawn .
she took the flowers and glanced away , feeling the heat from blushing warming her cheeks .
` ` she 's picking flowers . ''
walking up to the front door , he saw that the flowers she had asked the gardener to plant along the front of the house had started to bloom .
' are there any special flowers you would like me to order for the service tomorrow ? '
and suddenly karen knew what flowers to buy .
the fact that grant had gone to so much trouble , even to a vase of fresh flowers on the table , was a sure sign that he was angling for forgiveness .
she looked like a beautiful little doll with the circlet of flowers around her curly fair hair .
` ` now your flowers , '' the dresser said , handing nicole the three red roses she was to carry as her bouquet .
a goddess ... bringing the gift of life to him ... not carrying a bouquet of flowers , but the child they had created together , the living symbol of their union and the pivotal hope for a different life for him and with him ... zack !
' hearts and flowers .
they had to be artificial flowers but looked very real , and jake 's mind instantly conjured up a vision of this mel artfully posed nude on a red satin sheet being showered by american beauty rose petals .
probably a delivery person , chloe thought - max sending flowers .
when she and max took luther to the kitchen , elaine fussed over her as though she was a long - lost daughter , eric was all smiles , saying he 'd planted her favourite flowers in pots outside the children 's house .
after dinner , he suggested they stroll down to the children 's house to check out eric 's flower pots .
fresh arrangements of tropical flowers were brought in every week , exotic blooms in orange and scarlet mixed with glowing greenery .
there 's a swimming pool and a tennis court and lots of flowers you 'd like .
' mummy likes flowers , ' matt informed helpfully .
it was white with splashes of flowers on it , some filmy kind of fabric with an underslip .
flowers ... to lead her down his garden path !
he was here at the wedding with his daughter , who thought it was excellent that erin , her best friend , was the flower girl at the ceremony .
she looked at the pots of flowers spaced between the columns , pretending total disinterest in dante 's sex life , trying to keep herself emotionally separated from affairs that had nothing to do with her .
statues of roman gods stood in the surrounding grounds amongst trellises of grapevines and urns of flowers .
the halter - necked crossover bodice was red with a red tie at the waist , but the skirt was a lovely flowing concoction of graduated lengths in red and orange and yellow , like the gorgeous hibiscus flowers that grew on the island , a few of which comprised their bouquets .
she was not a little brown sparrow this morning , more like a fresh flower with the daisy print tunic and her hair pulled up in a pert ponytail .
' like the petals of a pink flower , ' he purrs .
the flowers he sent are behind him .
he hands my mother the bouquet of flowers he has brought for her and steps through the door into our home .
my mother has decorated the table with fresh flowers and candles .
after she had destroyed me , after i 'd lost everything , she would have carelessly moved on to the next flower . '
there are fresh flowers on the table and our plates are full of persian food .
he is wearing something billie designed and made from scratch , a bright red and yellow romper suit with big blue cloth buttons that look like flowers .
thirteen victoria montgomery if i had a flower for every time i thought of you ...
the driver is a cockney lad who glances into the mirror and tells me i look like a flower arrangement .
in the procession , she walks with a basket of flowers behind the flower girls and baby sorab , who is carried in by his nanny .
in the procession , she walks with a basket of flowers behind the flower girls and baby sorab , who is carried in by his nanny .
i touch a stone pillar , now a luxuriously thick cylinder of flowers , and think of the symbol of the crucifix : nails pounding flesh and fiber into wood .
the pretty flower girls take their place in front , and blake 's sister , who seems barely able to contain her excitement , takes her place behind the flower girls .
the pretty flower girls take their place in front , and blake 's sister , who seems barely able to contain her excitement , takes her place behind the flower girls .
i unlock the door of sasha 's flowers and disarm the alarm .
as i am changing the water in the pails of flowers zipporah comes in .
i choose the flowers i want to use in my flower arrangement and lay them down on the wooden table in the back room of the shop .
i choose the flowers i want to use in my flower arrangement and lay them down on the wooden table in the back room of the shop .
am i like that with flowers ?
i love flowers , but i could easily live without them .
i have quite happily sent out flower arrangements that were not the best that i could do .
naked as a flower i stand over him .
' i thought we could have tea here since you love flowers so much . '
amongst the dabs and strokes of color , i see blake , i see smith , i see flowers , i see skulls , i see robed chinese horsemen , and snakes and cranes .
skulls , snakes , evil - looking flowers , but all have been transformed into objects of terrible beauty .
you do n't want to look at a skull of an evil - looking , flesh - eating flower , but you have to because it is so beautiful .
the flat smells of flowers .
my weight crushes the flower petals .
' do you think this dress makes me look like a municipal flower bed ? '
without thinking i drift , like a flower crowned ophelia , toward him , toward the warmth of his body .
flower boxes jutted out from window fronts and he presumed that if spring should ever come to the mountains , those boxes would be full of bright flowers .
keira left him to his own devices as she stepped into the doorway of the flower shop and flipped her phone open .
keira grinned , leaned against the shingled wall of the flower shop and said , ` ` so what 's going on ? ''
keira peeked around the edge of the flower shop wall to stare down the street at nathan again - big mistake .
the windows are always open , and the sea wind sweeps through the lobby where pots of flowers and trailing vines make it seem almost like a jungle . ''
there were fresh flowers on their graves .
there were flowers here , too .
there were no more vases of fresh flowers in his bedroom , because gina was n't there to pick them .
the bad feeling that had been taking root inside her for the last month had suddenly blossomed into big , black flowers .
there were a few paintings hung about and a vase , attached to a low table , boasted a stunning bouquet of fresh spring flowers .
lines of hedges neatly trimmed , trees twisted into caricatures of what they should be and flowers so rigid they marched in line like an army battalion .
stitched it all together and did the little flowers around the collar ? ''
it was a blend of flowers and spice that somehow reminded him of summer nights .
the spicy scent of the flowers filled the sultry night air and rushed into her lungs as she inhaled sharply with her first sight of him .
a pedestal table held an empty cobalt vase - there 'd been no flowers in this hall since maggie left - and the silence in the house slammed down on top of them both .
ancient trees spread shade across most of the lawn , flowers in the neatly tended beds dipped and swayed with the ocean wind and from a distance came the muffled roar of the ranch tractor moving across the feed grain fields .
the wide yard was neatly tended , the flower beds were spilling over with bright , colorful blossoms and from somewhere close by , the lowing of a cow sounded almost like a song .
he glanced around at the neatly laid out flower beds , then kicked at one of the bricks at his feet .
the scent of freshly cut flowers hung in the air , and the only sounds were those made by her hungry son as he devoted himself to his snack .
doors were closed against the rain currently pummel - ing him and early - blooming flowers in pots bent with the water and wind .
its whitewashed walls , dark green shutters and bright blue door belied the gray day and the jewel - colored flowers bursting from pots on either side of the door valiantly stood against an icy wind .
charmed in spite of herself , maura took it and twirled the dainty flower in her fingers .
i ' m not some fragile flower in a hothouse .
the fresh flowers she brought in and arranged in vases and pitchers to leave all over the house .
` ` plus , as we discussed , we 'll have pine boughs attached to the railings with white ribbon and the flowers you selected .
carol sands owned the only flower shop in town and hardly ever got he opportunity to show off her artistic abilities .
` ` carol 's very excited about doing the flowers for your wedding , '' ivy said .
` ` i brought the flowers for the vase arrangements over now and stored them in the refrigerator .
` ` this is a real shot for me , doing the flowers for a wedding this size . ''
carol 's flower shop was growing by leaps and bounds .
the catering , flowers and decorations had all been wonderful .
tanner stood to one side , with hairy beside him , decked out in a brand - new collar with flowers threaded through it .
she rounded a white picket fence with bright splashes of flowers climbing across it and headed up the driveway .
about three thousand acres , with beautiful beaches , forests and more flowers than sean could remember seeing anywhere .
brightly colored flowers tumbled out of terra - cotta pots lining the sidewalk .
sunshiny , happy people living in a world filled with glorious sunsets , warm water and sweet - smelling flowers .
the sun shone down on the whole scene like a blessing and sean inhaled the flower - stained scent of the sea .
she shook her head , pushed her long blond hair back from her face and turned to sweep her gaze across the manicured flower gardens , the happy kids and the brilliant blue sky overhead .
when she came back out of the garage , awkwardly balancing a huge tray of brightly colored flowers , griffin scowled .
small green glass vases , knocked off the windowsill , now shattered on the scarred countertop , the flowers they 'd held lying wilted and dead beside them .
she bent her head to the task of tallying up the billing for comisky 's flowers and told herself she was lucky in a lot of ways .
` ` seriously , girl , you 're not looking for hearts and flowers here .
there was a stone patio out there , surrounded by so many different varieties of flowers it took the breath away even as it urged you to breathe deeply , to savor the scents and tastes on the wind .
black tablecloths , candles on every table , the flames flickering in the soft wind drifting in through the opened windows that allowed the scent of flowers to wash over the room .
instantly , the flower - scented breeze wrapped itself around her as it rattled the leaves on the surrounding trees , sounding like hushed whispers in the dark .
the tropical breeze smelled of saltwater and flowers .
windows gleamed , reflecting the bright light of the sun , and terra - cotta pots positioned outside the tidy stores held trailing bouquets of brightly colored flowers .
ivy climbed along the porch railings and chrysanthemums bloomed dark yellow and purple in the front flower bed .
this morning they dropped my wallet into the toilet , pulled flowers from the pots on the back porch and threw blueberry yogurt onto the kitchen floor just to watch it splat . ''
she plucked a rock from riley 's fingers and tossed it into the closest flower bed .
windows on the walls allowed bright shafts of daylight into the room and there was a patio through a set of french doors that boasted dappled shade and neatly tended flower beds .
she shouted to one of the guys using a weed eater around the edge of her flower bed .
` ` staking flowers ? ''
but when she 'd headed back for the house to get a pair of scissors to use to deadhead the flowers , she 'd gotten caught back up in their conversation .
were you to squire her about while she picks flowers , you 'd get further with the lady than you do by bristling up and trying to impress her with your manly glower - as you did last night . ''
polished armor glinted in the sun so brightly that jenny found herself squinting as before her eyes paraded tabards and shields emblazoned with coats of arms showing every imaginable animal from noble beasts like lions , tigers , falcons , tiercels , and bears to whimsical dragons and unicorns ; others bore designs of stripes and squares , half moons and stars ; still others bore flowers .
they blinked at her as it registered on each of them that she was teasing them about having purloined the flowers from the park beds .
whitney watched in mounting annoyance as millie batted her big brown eyes at him , then bent over the table , smoothing the linen and rearranging the vase of flowers , while deliberately providing clayton with an unimpaired view of the ample bosom spilling over her bodice .
if he led whitney inside now , would she stand beside him like some gorgeous greenhouse flower and repeat the same words elizabeth had just said ?
together they strolled through vast formal gardens with sleeping flower beds arranged in lavish geometric patterns , their borders precise and manicured .
at clayton 's side , whitney wandered through the dappled sunlight of the arbor , her mind picturing the splendor of spring , when the trees would burst into bloom , strewing flowers along the wide winding paths , blanketing the white ornamental iron benches in blossoms of pink and rose and white .
when he nodded , she explained that she 'd been named for a flower that grew in her mother 's land of england , a place across the sea .
he 'd have brought her flowers and told her that she was clever and charming and beautiful .
another vision drifted through her mind , hazier by far than the others ... but soothing and , oh , so sweet : kneeling before her with flowers in his hand , a handsome , dark - haired man who may have been the earl proclaimed , i was nothing until you came into my life ... nothing until you gave me your love ... nothing until you ... until you ... ` ` should i summon whitticomb ? ''
` ` what about flowers ?
her eyes were on the empty box , the seventh from the front , and she stared at it until the gilt flowers and stars on the front of it began to blur and merge .
` ` flower , for you , '' he said , holding out a tiny wildflower that charity had told him to pick .
sherry did n't care for that idea , but she crouched down to accept the flower , smiling softly at the sturdy three - year - old , who reminded her of his father and stephen both .
` ` your hair looks like hell - lous - awful , '' lisa amended , then she glanced around , her gaze lighting on a bouquet of silk flowers on the dresser .
` ` a flower in your hair or tucked into that sash might help . ''
unfortunately all the standing up and down and tipping her head back and forth had loosened the pin holding the flower in her hair , and it slid unnoticed to hang drunkenly from its wired stem .
she saw the silk flower hanging crazily from her hair and snatched it out , hoping that it had just that very second fallen .
waiting in line at the coat check , she stared morosely at the flower in her fingers , horribly afraid it had been dangling on her shoulder the entire time she danced with parker .
besides rearranging the furniture , lisa had dismantled the vase of silk flowers and now bunches of those flowers were pinned to the tie - backs on meredith 's canopied bed .
besides rearranging the furniture , lisa had dismantled the vase of silk flowers and now bunches of those flowers were pinned to the tie - backs on meredith 's canopied bed .
protected from interlopers and sight - seers by a tall iron fence and a guard at the gatehouse , the glenmoor country club sprawled across acres of majestic lawns dotted with flowering shrubs and flower beds .
as they wandered past rose beds and flower gardens , he started asking her about herself .
matt looked down at the forlorn beauty draped across the bed like a drooping flower , and in his mind he saw her as she 'd been at the country club six weeks ago , filled with laughing mischief and doing her effective damnedest to ensure that he enjoyed himself .
she lifted her tear - drenched face to his and begged him for reassurance : ` ` i told him to be sure elizabeth had dozens of flowers at her funeral .
` ` i couldn't - could n't bear it if she did n't have any flowers ... '' ` ` oh , please , darling , '' matt whispered brokenly .
she had sent flowers for their baby , and named her elizabeth for his mother ... . and when he never came back , she had picked up the pieces of her life , gone back to college , and faced whatever else the future handed her .
` ` i think the fresh flowers on the conference table are a lovely touch , '' she assured him .
she sends flowers to dead babies with notes to tell them they were loved ; she cries in an old man 's arms because he 's believed for eleven years that she aborted his grandchild , and then she drives four hours in a storm because she has to tell me the truth right away .
his head jerked around , and he saw her then , standing perfectly still beneath a tree on the hillside to his far left , a basket of flowers over her arm .
the floors of the villa were stone , covered with bright patches of carpet and huge urns of flowers from her garden .
after all , she was no sheltered , unworldly , pampered hothouse flower .
julie leaned forward and picked up a magazine that was lying half off the table and laid it fanlike atop the other two , then she moved the crystal bowl of silk flowers two inches to the left , to the precise center of the table .
her body stiffened with the brief pain , but before he could react , her arms were around him and she was opening for him like a flower ... welcoming him , sheathing him .
zack 's tenants had kept his gardener on during his absence , and the results of the aging man 's painstaking care were evident in the colorful flowers that bloomed ecstatically beneath carefully pruned shrubbery and shade trees .
somehow she 'd managed to do all that as well as make arrangements with a dozen local women to handle the catering for the reception , hire musicians , go over the music selections , order flowers from the local florist , and arrange for white canopies to be sent down from dallas to be used in the park by the caterers .
` ` shortly before justin died , i had gone upstairs to put a vase of fresh flowers on the table near the landing .
while julie cleared out her desk , he sauntered over to the bulletin board on the side wail , but his mind was n't on the children 's drawings of spring flowers in front of his eyes .
she was being drawn deeper and deeper into fantasies of being part of a family , of being loved and cherished by the black - haired man who was already teaching his son to bring flowers to his mommy .
she went up to the bald man , who seemed to be in charge of the others , and asked if she could help plant the bulbs they were putting in the huge circular flower beds in the front courtyard .
she ... er ... that is , she attempted to assist the head gardener with his planting of the flower beds .
flowers bloomed everywhere - in flower boxes and gardens where loving care was lavished upon them , and wild on the hills and in the meadows , tended only by mother nature .
flowers bloomed everywhere - in flower boxes and gardens where loving care was lavished upon them , and wild on the hills and in the meadows , tended only by mother nature .
she remembered the day she had picked a bouquet of wild flowers for her mother and soiled her dress in the process .
victoria wandered down the steep bank and was happily gathering a bouquet of the pink , blue , and white wild flowers that carpeted the incline when john shrieked and went bounding awkwardly after the line that had obviously pulled free of his grasp .
as they passed across the landing , victoria paused to look down upon the foyer below , which had been turned into a wondrous flower garden in honor of her ball , with giant pots of airy ferns and huge baskets of white roses .
victoria was aware of the tension among the staff , but when she cautiously tried to broach the subject with jason he accused her of ` ` trying to incite insurrection , '' then launched into a scathing tirade about the noise her visitors were making while he was trying to work and the nauseating smell of the flowers they brought her .
jason was working in his study and called for northrup , who was about to place a newly arrived bouquet of victoria 's flowers in a vase .
` ` more flowers ?
before northrup could answer , jason said bitingly , ` ` the whole damned house stinks of flowers !
lord fielding laughed and said we complement each other perfectly , you and i , because i have always reminded him of a pretty butterfly , and you are like a wild flower that flourishes even in adversity and brightens up everyone 's lives .
they smiled and waved as the coach passed by , and little children , holding bouquets of wild flowers clutched tightly in their fists , ran forward , offering their posies to victoria through the open coach window .
she asked enthusiastically , nodding to the bedraggled flowers .
he had transformed the lawns of wakefield into a fairy - tale bower of flowers .
realizing that she was being drawn into a discussion about flowers when her entire life was in chaos , alexandra drew herself up and said with quiet , implacable firmness , ` ` your grace , i am not going to marry you . ''
jordan looked at the child - woman he had married , watching the breeze tease her hair , blowing mahogany curls against her alabaster cheek as she knelt in the clearing , holding a puppy in her arms and flowers in her hand .
every few days , she returned to obtain more flowers .
` ` she still brings flowers to lay on jordan 's plaque every day .
last winter , i thought i 'd cry when i saw her wading through the snow with flowers from the conservatory in her arms . ''
suddenly jordan felt himself catapulted backward through time while the image of the lush beauty before him abruptly blended into another image - that of an enchanting , curly - haired girl who had brandished a makeshift saber at him in a woodland glade and knelt down among the flowers , looking up at him with a puppy squirming in her arms and unconcealed love glowing in her eyes .
shoving his hands into his pockets , he swept the woods and lake with an absent glance , oblivious to the flowers she 'd added to the clearing beside them .
she waited for him to remark upon the fact that the clearing had been widened and flowers added , and when he did n't notice , she prompted lightly , ` ` do you notice anything different about this place ? ''
` ` how can you possibly overlook a veritable garden of flowers ? ''
` ` flowers , '' he repeated without interest .
` ` quick , '' alexandra said , ` ` tell me what color are the flowers on the hill you ' ve been looking at . ''
his deep voice ragged with unshed tears , jordan recited his proof : ` ` the flowers in the meadow are blue , '' he told her brokenly .
she was flowers blooming on the hillsides and laughter floating through the halls .
afterward he 'd asked if she would like a small garden for her own , and when elizabeth nodded they 'd strolled through the seedlings in the greenhouse , beginning to plan what flowers she ought to plant .
wherever she knelt with her small spade , flowers seemed to burst into bloom about her .
he did n't know she 'd once had chariot races across the yard at havenhurst , or that flowers seemed to bloom especially well for her .
flowers had been blooming riotously in the formal gardens when she walked outside looking for her friends .
pots of flowers bloomed everywhere - in orderly rows upon the tables and on benches .
` ` hyacinths , '' she babbled with frantic determination as he began stalking her step for step , past the table of potted pansies , past the table of potted lilies , ` ` are part of genus hyacinthus , although the cultivated variety , which we have here , is commonly called the dutch hyacinth , which is part of h. orientalis - '' ` ` elizabeth , '' be interrupted silkily , ` ` i ' m not interested in flowers . ''
` ` there is a mythological background to hyacinths that you may find more interesting than the flower itself , '' she continued fiercely , and an indescribable expression of disbelief , amusement , and fascination suddenly seemed to flicker across his face .
it is said that hyacinthus 's blood caused a flower to spring up , and each petal was inscribed with the greek exclamation of sorrow . ''
` ` h - hyacinths are not the only flower with an interesting history .
` ` you had stopped to admire the flowers , and the young gentleman who was your escort that day introduced us . ''
putting down her quill , she wandered outside , visited with the horse in the barn , and finally decided to attack the large patch of weeds and struggling flowers at the rear of the cottage that had once been a garden .
` ` there now , '' she said to the flowers in an encouraging tone , ` ` you have food and air .
` ` are you talking to the flowers ? ''
knowing how peculiar that sounded , she reinforced it by adding , ` ` our gardener used to say all living things need affection , and that includes flowers . ''
` ` i hope you do n't mind , '' she said , nodding toward the garden , ` ` but the flowers could n't breathe with so many weeds choking them .
it wo n't help them very much this year , but next year i think they 'll be much happier ... ... '' she trailed off , belatedly noticing the worried look he gave the flowers when she mentioned fixing them ` ` a meal . ''
when she realized he intended to continue waiting for some sort of explanation , she said quietly , ` ` i ' m told my grandfather on my mother 's side was an amateur horticulturist , and perhaps i inherited my love of plants and flowers from him .
` ` no , '' she agreed without rancor , knowing what a hothouse flower she must seem with her impractical gowns and fragile slippers .
spread out before him in colorful splendor were the most magnificent flower gardens ian had ever beheld .
since he was in no hurry to join his chaperons , ian diverted her by asking about a particularly interesting shrubbery , an unusual flower in the front bed , and even a perfectly ordinary rose .
despite the scarcity of furnishings at havenhurst , elizabeth had turned the dining room and drawing room into an elegant bower of fresh - cut , artfully arranged flowers , and with the candles glowing in the candelabras , it was as beautiful a setting for dining as any he 'd ever seen .
` ` it obviously works , '' he said with a tender smile , looking at the way the flowers bloomed about her skirts .
on those occasions when she saw his expression become inexplicably grim , she teased him or kissed him , and , if those ploys failed , she presented him with little gifts - a flower arrangement from havenhurst 's gardens , a single rose that she stuck behind his ear , or left upon his pillow .
with ian 's money available , havenhurst was filled with new servants ; the grooms were walking a horse by the stable ; the gardeners were laying mulch on the dormant flower beds .
and stokey had started after her , intending to ask her a question about the mulch being laid on the flower beds .
sitting alone before the fire in the drawing room , two months after her disappearance , he gazed into the flames , trying to concentrate on the meeting he was going to have with jordan and some other business acquaintances the next day , but it was elizabeth he saw in his mind , not profit and cost figures ... ... elizabeth kneeling in a garden of flowers ; elizabeth firing pistols beside him ; elizabeth sinking into a mocking throne - room curtsy before him , her green eyes glowing with laughter ; elizabeth looking at him as she waltzed in his arms : ` ` have you ever wanted something very badly - something that was within your grasp - and yet you were afraid to reach out for it ? ''
we even had some fresh flowers brought in from a little company in barberville .
they had just passed a vendor selling flowers near the entrance to the main food hall .
` ` actually , my favorite flowers are roses .
she named me callie because the name reminded her of the flower . ''
the only other place she 'd seen this many flowers was inside a florist shop .
` ` did you buy out every flower shop in the state ? ''
go straighten out whatever problem you ' ve got with the flowers .
i do n't want to have to pick flowers from the garden for you on saturday . ''
right then under the moonlight outside a nineteenth century mansion with the sound of the waves in the background and the fragrant smell of flowers around her , charlie felt like the heroine from a classic black and white movie .
maureen o'brien asked when charlie walked into the back flower garden friday afternoon .
yet as charlie sat there concentrating on yanking out weeds so that her mom could plant new flowers , she sensed for the first time in years her mom could see what was bothering her .
anxious to keep busy , charlie moved away from her mom farther down the flower bed to a section her mother had n't touched .
she envisioned herself tossing the crystal vase of flowers at her brother 's head .
a mailbox with flowers painted on the sides and a large number four told him he 'd reached his destination .
if lauren needed flowers and romantic dinners before she said yes , then that was what she would get .
after all , what woman did n't like receiving flowers ?
two high - speed fur - covered freight trains collided into him the minute he opened the door , and he only just managed to keep both the flowers and the cupcakes from landing on the floor .
somehow he managed to keep his grip on the flowers and pick her up at the same time .
` ` and since when do you buy me flowers ? ''
on second thought , maybe he should have skipped the flowers , or had he imagined the suspicion in her voice ?
his mom had adored flowers .
now the only time i have flowers , they come from the florist in a vase or they are made of silk . ''
it brought back memories of his childhood long before his mom died , when he 'd run around cliff house with his brothers and cousins or visit martha 's vineyard and spend hours outside while his mom tended her flowers .
it 'd be rather difficult to give her the flowers when he picked her up if they remained on his kitchen counter .
rarely did he bring flowers to a woman .
in fact , the last time he 'd given flowers to anyone it had been as part of his sister 's birthday present .
addie struck him as the type who 'd appreciate flowers , and a lot was riding on their date tonight .
she was n't accustomed to receiving gifts from men , flowers or otherwise .
he stopped next to the flowers and pulled one from the vase , his eyes spotting the handwritten schedule .
she 'd paused to admire the interior and exterior of the garage as well as the flower gardens they passed as they followed the walkway to the house .
she and trent had retreated outside to one of the well - manicured flower gardens .
thus far trent had surprised her knowing several of the flowers and plants she did n't recognize .
other than the fact she 'd liked flowers and died years earlier , she knew nothing about the woman .
she 'd worked straight through until lunchtime when a florist arrived with a large arrangement of flowers and a card from trent that read ` ` thinking of you .
the first time she 'd ever received flowers at work , she placed them right next to her computer so she could see them as she worked .
` ` did you get the flowers i sent ? ''
tall , white taper candles flanked a flower arrangement on the round kitchen table he 'd moved into the living room .
he pulled out the diamond and platinum ring he 'd hidden under a flower petal .
unlike the previous flowers he 'd sent , these found their way into the trash , as did the handwritten note attached .
i did send her flowers at work . ''
his flowers had n't helped and neither had the message he 'd given her cousin .
` ` if i were in her place , it 'd take a hell of a lot more than flowers and an apology to give you another chance , so you need to think big .
her smile broadened , ` ` uncle marc said i could be the flower girl .
our relationship was n't fucking hearts and flowers .
` ` what 's my favorite color , favorite genre of literature , and my favorite kind of flowers ? ''
` ` marcus , you do not have to bring flowers every single day .
` ` are you going to buy me flowers every day for the rest of our lives ? ''
i ' m here to perform the flower girl duties .
without the flower girl , the wedding would be a catastrophe . ''
` ` thank you for the beautiful flowers and breakfast you sent .
being given a bouquet of flowers is n't unusual after a show but i ' ve never been given a single rose before .
i 'll have some flowers and a ring and i 'll say things to make you swoon . ''
i 'd take her to the beach house in new zealand and have it covered in candles and fresh flowers .
i come out and costume designers surround me - and the others pulled from the audience - to place flowers around our heads and ankles .
` ` you always were a nervous one , watching over chloe like she was a delicate flower .
unique , a ravishing human rose , her beauty eclipsing that of the flowers he 'd filled her room with .
his wild flower of the desert had never allowed anyone this privilege !
that was the last thing said as the limo , which she 'd long realized was part of a cavalcade , passed through gates ensconced between two towers flying the judarian flag high above the thirty - foot fence , through street - wide paths lined by palm trees and flower beds and paved in cobblestones .
with an intense glance , he handed her the flowers .
it made him rush to add , ` ` if you do , i 'll take you to see the burst of flowers and grass that followed the outpouring of rain a couple of weeks ago , before the green carpet dries and dies under the blistering sun .
his instincts told him she was n't , that his wild flower of the desert had never allowed anyone this privilege .
in his hand was a bouquet of blue flowers .
he 'd asked me which flower was my favorite and i 'd said the bluebonnet because it reminded me of texas and the color matched his stunning blue eyes .
a short but muscular body in a striped polo had tackled him to the ground scattering blue flowers across the hallway .
the two men rolled across the dusty hallway carpet , wrestling for dominance , kicking the ground , kicking the wall , crushing flowers in their wake .
how could i explain that marty had shown up unexpectedly with flowers and then my seriously muscular neighbor who likes lady gaga tackled him thinking he was going to hurt me ?
` ` you nearly killed him for bringing me flowers , vincent !
is that why there are flower petals all over the doormat ? ''
` ` ah , the woman who paints flowers that look like vaginas . ''
besides , what if someone hotter comes along selling flowers before the end of the day ? ''
did you think i was going to be your girlfriend because you gave me flowers and a box of chocolates ? ''
chapter twenty - nine closure i stood on dirt road running through the middle of the cemetery with flowers in my hand .
i held out my hands for the flowers , but instead of handing them to me , he brought them up to my head and slipped the stems into my hair .
all at once , i felt jax 's hand on my face , then the spider web brushing against it , smelling faintly of flowers .
i reached out toward my place setting , and felt dried petals , a whole dried flower , then another and another .
they are flowers , after all . ''
` ` what 's the flower on our plates ? ''
then , of course , there had been the flowers .
no one i knew would send me flowers .
i would have sent you more flowers so that you knew i was thinking of you , but i heard that you did n't enjoy them as much as i 'd hoped . ''
` ` you know about the flowers ? ''
but also , how the heck did he know what i 'd done with the flowers ?
instead he swept an arm across the desk and knocked the ceramic lamp and a clear vase with flowers to the ground , where both shattered .
` ` at least you did n't pick a flower or a mom tattoo .
the aromatic purple grape - like flowers - maddie did n't know their name - mixed with the tall green and yellow grasses against the rustic wood of the log home , creating a quite visually appealing setting .
from deciding to take a shoot in another country to answering a question in an interview to sending a tweet on twitter to whether or not i send flowers for valentine 's day . ''
` ` if you send flowers to a woman , your career will be affected ?
` ` i could send her flowers . ''
i opened the car door , immediately overwhelmed with the smell of the ocean air mingled with a variety of early summer blooming flowers .
he had flowers sent to work - a bouquet of wildflowers that looked exactly like the patches we 'd seen in the poconos .
just landed in l.a . did you get my flowers ?
` ` then there 's the easy stuff - sending flowers , buying jewelry , giving gifts- '' i typed as she talked .
give flowers that you know she 'll like or that mean something to her .
hothouse flowers did n't allow themselves to be locked into ten by ten concrete rooms with guys who had ` ` blood killa '' tattooed on their knuckles .
he walked over to a writing table where a cell phone was lying next to a large vase of flowers .
i also found the perfect flower arrangement for my bouquet , with pale pink dahlias , dark pink roses and white lilies .
he 'd wanted to know if she was seeing anyone , what her favorite flower was , her favorite restaurant , what kind of guys she dated , had she said anything about him ?
` ` who sent vincent flowers ? ''
a grimace shadowed her face as she yanked a flower from the vase , twirling it between her fingers .
leigh yanked the flower from jade 's grasp , and one of the thorns sliced deep into jade 's finger .
i was just bringing these flowers down here to- '' ` ` who sent me flowers ? ''
i was just bringing these flowers down here to- '' ` ` who sent me flowers ? ''
` ` if it 's not too much trouble , when you 're done ogling your flowers , could i bother you to do some work ? ''
vincent hates him , and i just got a big bunch of flowers from him so somehow we must be in cahoots .
she ruefully held up an exquisite bouquet of flowers .
` ` what 's the big deal that lexi got flowers ? ''
alexandra , a man of few words , i will let the flowers speak for themselves .
he pushed off the wall and strode across the room until he was right in front of the flowers .
she flopped into one of the chairs at lexi 's desk and sniffed the flowers next to her .
` ` and the flowers in the bouquet have different meanings . ''
lexi opened her mouth to beg her to end the hunt for the hidden meaning behind the flowers , but all rational thought stopped the second vincent 's office door swung open and he strolled out wearing long , black basketball shorts , a tight fitting 49er 's t - shirt , and a pair of white high top sneakers .
` ` just wait until you see the bouquet of thank you flowers i send tomorrow . ''
on the front , written in crayon , were lexi 's and vincent 's names and dozens of little flowers .
when her heel caught on a small bud vase and it crashed to the floor , spilling water and flowers everywhere , vincent heard sean 's voice whisper through his head : screw jade .
she brought up you and reid again , his interest in you , the flowers , the private discussion from earlier in the evening .
on both tuesday and wednesday morning , another cup of coffee was waiting for her at work when she arrived , and each evening there was another package sitting beside her door , containing a new flower with yet another meaning .
just as she was about to scream , she found it neatly folded on the coffee table beside her vase of glass flowers from vincent .
lexi walked out of her bedroom and ran her fingers over the smooth glass petals of the flowers in the vase on her dresser , as had become her custom every time she passed them and thought of him .
as i was walking down the street to starbucks , i passed the flower shop .
` ` buying flowers for your girlfriend ? ''
` ` down the street at the flower shop . ''
i walked back into the flower shop and the woman smiled at me again .
` ` before i leave the flower shop , is there anyone else you want flowers for ? ''
` ` before i leave the flower shop , is there anyone else you want flowers for ? ''
i ' m assuming you went there to buy amelia flowers , correct ? ''
but i guess if you want the flowers , you can have them . ''
` ` down to the flower shop to get you these , '' i said as i handed her the roses .
* * * * amelia and i were married at the chapel of the flowers .
we were in front of a flower shop and jackson hid us behind a large flowering potted tree .
` ` otherwise , the owner of this flower store is going to have us arrested for public indecency . ''
women , to me , are good for one thing and that 's to f**k . the flowers , romance , expensive gifts ; it 'll just wear you out and drag you down .
i walked over to a beautifully lit gazebo that sat in the middle of a large flower garden .
as i admired the flowers that surrounded me , the mixture of colors and the beauty of them made me feel both happy and sad .
he let go of me and my hand and i walked down the steps of the gazebo and stood in front of all the big and beautiful flowers .
` ` i take it you love flowers , '' ian said .
even if the flower starts to wilt , it can so easily be brought back to life . ''
` ` i never looked at flowers that way , '' he said .
ian put his hand on the small of my back as he stood next to me and looked at the array of flowers .
i turned on the computer and a picture of the most amazing flowers filled the screen .
i smiled because he remembered how much i loved flowers .
i stuck my nose in the flowers and took in their amazing scent , then picked up my phone to send ian a text message .
i looked at the flowers that were displayed beautifully and smiled as i took in their scent .
on my way back to the apartment , i stopped and picked up some beautiful flowers from a flower cart on the corner .
on my way back to the apartment , i stopped and picked up some beautiful flowers from a flower cart on the corner .
when i arrived back at the apartment , i set the flowers on the counter and looked for a vase .
i walked to the door , looked out the peephole , and saw andre standing there , holding flowers in front of his face .
i searched around the flowers to find a card , but there was n't one .
i took a shower , got dressed , and drove my car to the cemetery after stopping at the florist and picking up some flowers .
i knelt down and carefully placed the flowers on his grave .
i turned around and saw him standing there with a bouquet of flowers in his hand and a smile on his face .
the florist arrived and decorated the patio with a variety of flowers that were all rory 's favorite .
` ` did rory and adalynn 's flowers arrive ? ''
the girls enjoyed visiting every week because they liked to put the flowers down on each grave .
waiters floated around delivering fruity cocktails and women wearing bikini tops and hoola skirts offered fresh flower leis .
the flowers made me think of you .
i took a deep breath in and smelled the salt air mixed with flowers .
some times it was a similar color , or a similar style , this time we had found a coordinating flower and skirt length .
we bought two large hot pink flowers to put into our hair and tie our outfits together .
the smell of fresh flowers hit me immediately as i entered .
there was a dining room table that seated at least sixteen and i could smell fresh flowers in the air .
she dropped down in a crouch , pooling her flowing taffeta skirt on the ground , making her look like a gigantic flower as she retrieved the matching evening bag .
` ` hey , we 're saving him from settling on the prettiest flower and being devoured alive . ''
` ` so now that you ' ve eliminated the most beautiful flowers , do i surmise you think he should go for the ugliest one ? ''
approaching the palace from its shore - facing side took her through street - wide paths paved in earth - colored cobblestones and lined by soaring palm trees and flower beds .
and the hall that mohab had installed exploding with flower arrangements .
in answer , she pushed her dress straps off her shoulder , reached back to undo its zipper , let the silk sigh to her feet like the shed petals of an alien , emerald flower .
` ` oh , i do n't know , a cross between brandon flowers , adam levine , and robert downey , jr .
furniture polish , old dried flowers , and the slightest hint of rose air freshener .
he lived on the fifth floor , in a one - room studio with a small kitchenette and a postage stamp of a balcony next to a fire escape where he kept a few herbs and flowers .
he took the flowers and held them to his face .
luis took the flowers from him and crossed into the kitchen to put them in a vase .
` ` whatever , '' luis said , concentrating on the flowers .
luis arranged a flower that was sticking up too high and said , ` ` i ' ve said goodbye to everyone .
luis liked flowers and pretty , frilly things .
he looked over jase 's shoulder and saw dozens of ornate flower arrangements set against stark white walls , set upon shelves and furniture he 'd never seen before .
his hands shook slightly as he pinned the flower against the shoulder of her dress .
without thought , he grabbed a glass vase full of flowers from the side table and hurled it against the wall .
they were my favorite flowers , and he knew it .
why the flowers and the invitation to dinner ?
if i 'd had a flower in hand , i would have plucked its petals : he wants me ; he wants me not .
in a wry tone , i said , ` ` from now on , i 'll speak up about what i need - you know , try not to be such a shy and retiring flower with you . ''
some men gave you flowers ; jake cleary gave you your dreams .
we strolled down flower street , the long way to the underground parking lot .
we went downstairs , into the living room and through an arch i had n't noticed before , past a short foyer , and into an enclosed porch on the side of the house overlooking a flower garden .
close to the house , a flower garden , sectioned by paths of flagstones , spanned from the main house to the pool house .
the white flowers scuttled across the lawn .
i have n't been to napoli in ten years , but whenever you 're near me , i smell olive flowers .
both held advanced degrees in gossip and hearsay , so in their garden of chatter , a seed of truth often sprouted leaves and flowers of beautiful lies .
` ` the flowers are beautiful , '' i said .
i kept a noncommittal smile on my lips as if i were going for a pleasant screw in the back of a flower truck , and no more .
the concrete flower boxes and indecipherable color - soaked graffiti that had charmed me on the way in seemed to mock me now , and the bent street with its dented cars no longer spoke of a charming over use but instead invoked an angry entropy , a sick god of destruction .
in that first instant , warmth spreads through my chest , like a flower blossoming into fire .
a garden with vegetables for us and flowers for me - amazing , to think of having my own bit of earth to plant flowers .
a garden with vegetables for us and flowers for me - amazing , to think of having my own bit of earth to plant flowers .
chapter four charlie paid the delivery boy from the love you with flowers floral design shop on chestnut street in the marina and then watched him get back into his delivery truck and drive away .
checking his watch and noting it was a quarter to twelve , he bent down , opened the large box and reached into the mass of flower petals .
i should have been sending you cards and flowers to let you know what you mean to me . ''
whatever that punk needed from melissa would n't take longer than an hour - which gave dominic time to buy her flowers .
while she spoke , she pulled various flowers and greens out of plastic buckets .
` ` you badly need these flowers , do n't you ? ''
` ` tonight , when you give her these flowers . ''
she 'd loved every wall of their home , the tree house in the backyard that she 'd helped her father build and paint and decorate , the flowers she 'd dug into the earth and carefully watered all summer long so that when her father came back in the fall there 'd still be blooms for him to see .
some of the storefronts were newer , shinier than he remembered , and there had n't been brick - paved sidewalks when he was a kid , but the huge flower baskets were still hanging from the old - fashioned lampposts and the hardware and grocery stores were right where they 'd always been .
and the inn now had huge plantings of bright flowers all along the fence that bordered the street .
ginger had been such a shrinking flower for so many years that she sometimes had the sense that she was overcompensating .
` ` trust me , there are n't going to be any flowers . ''
just this morning as he 'd run some last - minute errands for the wedding , he 'd seen a ring in the shape of a flower , each petal a different , brilliant color in a window on main street .
the pretty flowers in vases throughout , the family photos , and even the old dog sleeping on a pillow beneath the piano made it feel cozy .
` ` i was going to buy you f**king flowers , katie .
i was going to buy you flowers and take you to dinner to congratulate you . ''
he smelled her toothpaste and something that reminded him of spring flowers .
it was jeremy , standing on her doorstep with flowers in hand , tommy 's clothes precisely folded in the other .
when she turned to grab the flowers , she collided with his chest .
` ` i 'd b - better put the flowers in water , '' she mumbled .
she chuckled and set the flowers in the vase .
why had he shown up with flowers ?
` ` our moms were here going over the plans for the nursery and bre stopped by to bring me flowers , and when she saw what we were doing , she asked to see the plans , '' chloe says as her eyes plead with me to understand .
there were pots of red and yellow flowers spilling down the front stairs .
tamara 's daughter hunter was standing on the hood in her satin and chiffon red flower girl dress , posing first demurely , then using her floral bouquet like it was a guitar .
for a wedding party of thirty , plus your flower girl and ring bearer , that requires a lot of additional planning and coordinating .
or maybe this was the flower girl arriving on her bedazzled scooter to offer her two cents on hiring miley cyrus for the reception .
she looked like a flower girl on steroids .
i 'll keep my mind on flowers and bunnies and the innocence of children , how does that sound ?
the venue was n't the stuff bridal dreams were made of , but kendall had n't seemed to mind the indoor arbor and the plastic flowers .
evan was about to tell his brother how stupid that was , when he saw kendall appear at the back of the chapel , under the fake arbor with fake flowers .
` ` what , like flowers ? ''
flowers are n't a grand gesture , flowers are for scoring a little weeknight sex , not repairing serious damage .
flowers are n't a grand gesture , flowers are for scoring a little weeknight sex , not repairing serious damage .
she paced across the sidewalk , barely aware of the warm air swirling around and the flowers still blooming , despite the coming fall .
eve and i , some flowers , a kiss .
` ` you should take flowers .
my daddy always brings flowers when he 's been a jerk to momma . ''
flowers did n't really seem like an eve thing , but he knew how she felt about chocolates .
frankly , they 'll appreciate not having their kids dragged into a wedding as flower girls and ring bearers and whatever . ''
` ` so i 'll call the catering company for linens , charity is handling the flowers , and mrs . ford is going to organize the food .
when he got back to charlotte he was going to have to send her flowers or chocolates as a thank - you for letting him monopolize her for half the wedding .
i like kids and books and flowers .
zane rolled his eyes - no hearts and flowers for him - but his lips were smiling .
the conference room was a miniature of the lobby , down to the fresh - cut flowers on the side table .
perhaps it was an illusion , but she had the sense of tree roots reaching deep for water , of flowers straining toward their bees .
` ` with the flowers ?
who sends flowers ? ''
from the figure - hugging white dress that flares into a full skirt at her hips to the powder blue of her bridesmaids ' dresses and the matching bouquets of flowers everywhere .
will miss you , but thanks for the flowers , i 'll think of you often .
` ` i sent flowers to her hotel room . ''
she stepped into the entry , where she 'd left her bag , keys , and a small arrangement of flowers .
he led her up the front path , surrounded by perfectly manicured greenery and flowers .
a naked greek god with some portion of the anatomy left to hold flowers .
ryan still looked like he was about to be sick and zoe was certain the reasons had to run deeper than the fact that he 'd messed up elena 's flower garden .
` ` and heaven help the little heathen who hits a baseball into the bushes and tramples the flowers to retrieve it ? ''
she knew the moment he noticed it , too , because he dropped the centerpiece , a naked greek god with flowers nestled in his- ` ` and they call this a family restaurant ? ''
bunches of flowers and boxes of candy came next .
he stopped not only for deli but for flowers , too , hoping to smooth things over between them .
coop was n't a flowers and chocolates kind of guy .
he held out the flowers in one hand and the bag of food in the other .
she took the flowers and the food and said , ` ` i 'll put these in water and get lunch on the table .
the pretty flowers he 'd bought sat in a vase on the counter , reminding her that he was n't a complete jerk .
` ` we 'll have to send her flowers ! ''
he showed up on her doorstep , flowers in hand , to find out lexie was n't home .
fresh flowers filled a small vase on the dresser , and an antique lamp sat on the nightstand .
pirro , on the other hand , valued what was important , and he decided to surprise his vivian with flowers .
he stopped in town for flowers and walked out of the florist , hopeful he 'd make vivian understand his stress had nothing to do with his feelings for her .
pirro dropped the flowers , and the glass shattered .
after leaving rafe 's , nick stopped in town for flowers and headed over to angel 's like a man on a mission - only to be stopped by a call from his brother telling him he 'd found sara 's car on the side of the road with no sign of her .
since then , the flowers sat on the counter - their meaning undiscussed - while nick and angel held vigil and waited for news on sara .
before we got the call about sara , you showed up with flowers .
raina glanced around to see if anyone would save her from a lecture , but no white knight was in sight , not even samson , who 'd moved behind them and was weeding the flower beds .
the scent of the outdoors - new grass and flowers - accompanied every breath she took .
predictably , she liked flowers .
as she passed the outskirts of town and the final median of grass , daffodils , and other assorted flowers , she saw samson weeding the flower beds and called out to him .
as she passed the outskirts of town and the final median of grass , daffodils , and other assorted flowers , she saw samson weeding the flower beds and called out to him .
inside her usually solitary apartment , charlotte found her family and a table set for three , fresh flowers and a pitcher of iced tea in the center .
` ` i thought i 'd buy some flowers , rick said he 'd mow the lawn and power - wash the exterior , '' she began to explain .
he stepped forward , pulling out from behind his back the flowers he 'd bought at the concession downstairs .
walking to the bed , he eased himself beside her , placing the flowers on a bedside tray .
` ` you did n't need to bring flowers . ''
he 'd even put a little flower in a vase on it .
` ` fair is fair , '' he whispered in my ear as i tried to hide one of them behind a vase of flowers .
it was a girl who looked like she watched some videos of woodstock and tried to emulate them , complete with a flower in her hair .
but you 'd better buy me some flowers afterward and call me the next day . ''
this time it was a beautiful black bustier with sapphire flowers embroidered all over it , and a matching set of panties with little blue bows on the sides .
this is a million times better than flowers . ''
` ` i thought i could do it in black and white , maybe with black flowers or something . ''
apparently , lucah had sent beautiful flower arrangements to each of them with a note asking them to the ball .
the fabric was black with almost a flower pattern on it that you could only see when you got up close .
and i ' m no delicate flower of the north . ''
` ` i can tell you that he does n't do flowers and chocolates . ''
` ` is that who the flowers and chocolates are from ? ''
` ` you know what , jaxxon , you should make sure your wedding bouquet looks something like that - it 'll be like a tribute to the first time he sent you flowers . ''
` ` is that why mckenzie was sending you the flowers and chocolates ; trying to coddle you through what 's been going on ?
ollie was cursing with frustration because he had n't been able to track down who sent the flowers and chocolates .
dane was offering his theory that maybe all this had been anita 's doing and she either had n't left l.a . at all or had sent the flowers and chocolates before leaving .
` ` i have visions of all the flowers bursting from frank 's garden in my head right now . ''
jennifer steps through the french doors with a smile on her face and a few flowers in her hand .
she leaves me to fluff her flowers , and i glare at the telephone .
edward is there , trying to push his way through a crowd of people , and ingrid is hitting him over the head with a bouquet of flowers .
he 's wearing his white shirt and bow tie with suspenders holding his trousers up , and he does look dashing , i must admit , even with the tattered flower petals littered throughout his hair .
she has the skeleton of a bouquet hanging from her hand , most of the petals from the flowers gone .
he granted my wish and did n't spend a single penny on flowers .
` ` i was around the corner watering the flowers . ''
` ` i got your flowers , '' she says from behind gritted teeth .
now i just need to get them talking about flowers .
she 's asked after your flowers . ''
i should probably send her flowers or a gift .
no flowers , no candy , no diamond rings , thank you very much .
look at the beautiful flowers .
abby 's already there getting flowers put in . ''
pixie chicks loooove flowers .
` ` abby 's been on those flowers all night and day .
` ` that 's right , willy , the flowers are nice .
i shrugged , changing course and stopping in front of the flower abby was nearest .
i tipped my palm over the flower until tim fell into it .
i giggled at the vision he made , splayed out across the flower , his face hidden from view but his butt on full display .
i wanted to leave him to his mess , but if i walked away and stopped supporting the flower , he 'd for sure fall out onto the gravel path , so i stayed .
i asked , taking a moment to look around the garden , my hand supporting the base of the flower where the petals were secured .
i just talk to the flowers and my garden partners , and we do everything we can to make it work . ''
` ` i feel like never leaving , actually , '' i said , my eyes moving from flower to flower , losing myself in the colors and lazy , dancing motes of pollen and fuzzy seed pods floating on the light breeze .
` ` get her out of here , '' said tim weakly , his voice muffled in the flower petals .
beat it , '' i said absently , trying to focus on the pinky pink of a flower a few feet away from tim .
i drew my hand back behind my shoulder and launched him towards the open glass doors that led out towards the flowers , releasing him from my fist at the apex of the throw , knowing he 'd recover in mid - flight and right himself but only after being far away from me .
the flowers were still in bloom here , but they were on their last legs .
he was nowhere to be seen , but the instant my eyes fell on the pixie table , a little figure came buzzing up from amidst the flowers there .
willy buzzed around my head for a while and then disappeared into the last of the flowers that were still hanging in there .
i asked , picking him up gently out of the tall weeds and dried flower remnants .
leaves and dead flowers flew up into our faces , dirt stinging my eyes and making it hard to see .
i hope you 'll bring some flowers to my funeral . ''
` ` do n't , '' he said , staring at me so intensely , i felt like a flower getting too much sun .
i ' m flowers and petticoats .
i ran back to get it , watching abby flit from flower to flower out in the garden on my way past .
beau adjusted my head so i could look at him again as he trudged through the grasses and flowers .
you get stink flowers for doing bad - boy stuff . ''
i 'll give you the stink flower if you do n't shush right now ! ''
` ` i ' m not gon na stop talking and i wan na touch dat wall and she 's not my momma and my momma is gon na give her a stink flower cuz she 's a bad girl and i can touch dat wall if i want to and i ' m gon na fly to my momma ... '' the rest of what he was threatening faded out when i realized we were approaching what looked like a cavern of sorts .
the flowers were dying .
he flew up from the flower throne he 'd been resting his big toosh on and joined me in the sitting room .
he wilted like a flower out of water .
she stepped over the flowers and moved to the center of the circle .
when he reached the edge of the flower ring , with eyes for no one but becky , i said , ` ` finn , enter please , with only love in your heart . ''
i laughed with the joy of it - the strength of spike 's arms around me , the smells of spring in the air , and the anticipation of being in a circle of flowers one day with the man i loved .
i 'd probably send flowers , actually , with a note that said our business is going down in flames , but since that is n't happening , you have nothing to worry about .
it started with flowers being delivered the next day . ''
armed with humility and the telltale evidence of a second round of beatings courtesy of ian and neil , the two fools responsible for my broken arm arrived with flowers and apologies for me , and my panicked mum .
the pictures would help me to remember how sexy beautiful and generous she was , how she smiled and how she spoke , how she smelled like flowers and looked like a greek goddess , when i was alone at night with only my memories ... and my hand .
i looked at my purple flowers once more and knew i most definitely needed to acknowledge his gift and that handwritten apology though .
i went over to the vase of my flowers instead and removed his tie from the arrangement .
the flowers are beautiful and i ' m not returning your tie . ''
we ran through the rain together , my umbrella shielding us , her slim shape tucked against me , smelling of flowers and sunshine and making me feel like the luckiest man on the planet .
i told the florist purple flowers and to include the letter .
no soft , warm body smelling of flowers and the decadent shagging from last night to press against and wrap myself around .
she was soft against me and her hair smelled like flowers .
when she was finally done she drooped like a wilted flower , hunched over the ground looking so very ill .
i knew he would have wanted it , so i had announced that in lieu of flowers , donations could be sent directly to meritus instead .
playing in the flowers .
i was happy to see she had chosen a lot of purple flowers , which were her favorites .
the bouquet of flowers i 'd been given shook lightly in my hand as i tried to pull myself together .
i came forward and placed the flowers on the side of the blanket and reached out my hand .
i looked up and saw ethan had arrived and was making his way over to my table , a large bouquet of lavender flowers in his hand .
shoving lance 's card away quickly , i wondered just how guilty my husband was feeling , deciding he needed to bring flowers as a peace offering .
the flowers were accepted and sniffed appreciatively , but we were in public and brynne was reserved .
beneath the vase of flowers , an envelope was propped beside a black velvet jewelry box .
flynn 's father , who rarely left his world of flowers and trees and shrubs , had taken the train into the city the day we moved into the apartment .
the entire room glowed white , from the drapes on the columns to the upholstered chairs to the massive wash of flowers that seemed to bloom out of the fountain that was the centerpiece of the room .
see that flower arrangement ? ''
he asked , nodding toward the stunning arrangement of flowers that dominated the center of the palm court .
` ` and little strips of leather all bundled together like a flower at the end of a flexible stick . ''
the lawn had been a mess the last time i was there , but now it was neat and tidy , with colorful flowers in pretty clay pots .
i 'd tried to say as much to cyndee on a day when she 'd been dragging me all over the city , looking at dozens of cookie - cutter houses with neutral - tone walls , flowers in just the right places .
` ` i do n't have anything to put the flowers in yet , '' i said , looking around the room as if a stunning crystal vase would magically materialize .
he went to dig it out and fill it with water while i unwrapped the flowers from paper and plastic .
though i push and shove and beat my way through the gauzy silk - though i run and run until i am certain that my lungs will burst with the exertion - i can get nowhere other than where i already am , and i collapse , defeated , onto the cool ground , my skirt billowing out around me like the petals of a flower .
the baker , a celebrity chef named sally love , came up with an exceptional design for the icing on each individual cake , and she 's going to incorporate real flowers on the tiers , making the overall design both elegant and fun .
` ` and i need to make sure the flowers are confirmed , '' i add , rushing on .
when i wo n't open like a flower to him .
i am regretting not only having her come along today , but also that i answered her questions about my flower choices for the wedding .
but everything is just piling on : the photographer and the music and the flowers .
those goddamned flowers that my mother has been talking about for the last hour .
` ` i remembered the flowers on your wedding gown .
` ` hi , nikki , this is lauren with the flowers for tomorrow .
no polite chitchat , no worries about music or food or flowers or unexpected relatives showing up out of the blue .
` ` mademoiselle margaritte , the hotel 's namesake , kept it filled with flowers . ''
instead , it 's a huge flower arrangement parked on the doorstep .
a mass of wildflowers - daisies and sunflowers and indian paintbrushes and other flowers i do n't recognize .
` ` how did he get flowers to me so fast ?
it 's a fair point , but i shift around on the couch so that i can see the kitchen table and the flowers .
it 's not like delivering flowers took more than a phone call .
they probably came fast because he has a standing order for flower delivery after all his phone sex encounters . ''
on the way , i pass the flower arrangement .
` ` dammit , stark , you ca n't just waltz into the lobby and pluck me up like a flower . ''
` ` speaking of , i hope you liked the flowers .
a massive flower arrangement on a low , glass table dominates the foyer .
the wall itself is almost completely covered by a huge painting , this one of a field of flowers so exquisitely rendered that i almost believe i could step into the canvas and lose myself in that world .
` ` he likes flowers . ''
` ` i just would n't have pegged you for flowers and trees and all that stuff . ''
they 're hauling dirt , planting flowers , clearing rocks .
of course , the landscaping near the structure has only recently been completed , and beyond that perimeter of flower beds and walking paths and picnic areas , the plants still grow wild , though i see that damien has hired someone to cut away some of the brush and install soft lighting to mark footpaths through the undergrowth .
it falls to the floor , the circle of yellow like the petals of a flower .
` ` thank you , '' i say as he puts the flowers down and strolls out , shimmying in time to whatever tunes are blaring through his earbuds .
since i ' m carting a flower arrangement , i decide to blow off the second coffee .
my phone rings , and i balance the flowers on top of the condiment bar so that i can retrieve it from my purse .
` ` it 's always easy to pick out flowers for me .
my favorite flower is the same as my name . ''
of course i would n't be getting her flowers .
` ` you ' ve never even bought me flowers , dair , and somehow you think i ' ve been f**king you for a payout ?
her face softened , and she leaned into me , nourished with our proximity - a flower basking in the sun .
i showed him the flowers i 'd had planted , years ago , in every possible piece of dirt on the property .
do you know what all these flowers are called ? ''
` ` no , but she 's named after a flower , and these are her favorites .
iris got a little misty eyed when she saw the first vase of flowers and was swaying on her feet by the sixth .
` ` every single day that i ' ve waited for you , '' i told her quietly , ` ` and missed you , i regretted that i never got to buy you flowers .
the girl had been playful , fresh - faced , and beautiful as a freshly bloomed flower .
i could tell he 'd gone to some trouble , with a centerpiece of fresh flowers and lit candles set throughout the room .
i ate up the sight like a flower soaking up the sun .
big heaping bouquets of every white flower imaginable lined the pathway , dwarfed by colossal white vases filled to brimming with even more painstakingly arranged bouquets .
she wore a sheer black dress with flowers painted across it .
we 're different flowers , but we were nurtured from the same damaged root . ''
we did n't say much as we brought the flowers to her room .
he thought my pu**y looked like a flower ?
i could see the hope blooming in the blue pools of her gaze , and it was such a delicate flower , so fragile , such a slight thing , needing a gentle touch to foster it into life .
francesca leaned back in the chair , blindly staring at the extravagant fresh flower arrangement on the table before her .
some men send flowers , ian- '' ` ` sends the world , '' francesca whispered through numb lips .
it looked much as it ever had : the luxurious seating area before the fireplace , the rare paintings , the decadently rich four - poster bed , the lush fresh flower arrangement behind the couch , this one of white hydrangeas and purple lilies .
` ` i ' m sending flowers , and i got her a first - edition photography book on classical architecture she 's been wanting from lucien 's shop , '' he said , referring to a vintage bookstore situated next to the coffee boutique in lucien and elise 's hotel .
her toes curled against the duvet as that delicious sensation unfurled and spread at her core like a flower made of heat .
get her some flowers . ''
a vision of all those carefully preserved lotus flowers sitting in lin 's bedside table drawer flashed before his eyes .
ian had given lin those flowers over the years , and lin had carefully saved and preserved them near where she 'd dreamed night after night .
those dried flowers were the only visible symbol of a passion she 'd vowed to keep hidden .
` ` i figured it all out when ian told me to buy you purple lotus flowers yesterday .
i ' m not some fragile flower . ''
she grabbed her daisies , the perfect flowers for mckenna 's sunny disposition , and held open the door for the other bridesmaids : mckenna 's good friends hayden and erin , and chris 's sister , jill , who had flown out from new york for the weekend , taking two days off from her starring role in the musical crash the moon .
monopoly , and the centerpiece flowers boasting a wooden cutout of a hound dog .
julia gave the flowers to her sister , and clay took julia 's hands in his .
they turned a corner onto a narrow street with apartment buildings all boasting flower planters in the windows of the flats .
opening it , she flipped through the pages , bursting with details about all these flowers .
i mean , it 's not like he 's some paragon of how to be a good boyfriend , but he was attentive , and took me to dinner , and bought me flowers and gifts , and candy on valentine 's day .
` ` i 'll have you know , miss casey , that i am excellent at buying flowers .
i saw jake 's face through the peephole and opened the door to find him standing there with flowers in his hand .
the way she said that gave me hope , so i made my goodbyes and raced over to olivia 's apartment , arriving ten minutes late after practically having to beg the florist around the corner to stay open long enough to let me get flowers .
disappointed , i hung my head and knelt down to place the flowers on her doorstep , like i had every night before .
it smelled like baby powder and some kind of summertime flower mixed together .
` ` get some flowers .
women love flowers .
scooping her up , i dropped the flowers on the bed and held her to my chest , nuzzling her fur .
rolling out of bed , i padded over to the gorgeous gift he 'd left me - with a tiny nagging question in my mind of when he 'd put them there - and buried my nose in the flowers .
there was no garbage can in my room , so i marched the dripping flowers down the hall to the kitchen and threw them away , feeling as if i had struck some kind of blow for women everywhere .
those deep brown eyes stared past me at the garbage can with all those flowers sticking out and then at me .
if he had any thoughts on what had happened to the flowers , he was n't saying and i was n't asking .
perhaps i 'd receive a bouquet of flowers tomorrow , though .
noticeably absent were any flowers in my room when i woke up either morning .
i loved the way he left flowers in my room some mornings and surprised me with jewelry other days .
on the table near the window sat a glass vase containing an enormous bouquet of my favorite flowers , pink roses .
` ` should i order flowers also ? ''
pink flowers had always been my favorite ever since i was a child , and the mere fact that i remembered that made me happy .
i did n't know , but his thoughtfulness with the flowers made me feel cherished for the first time in a long time .
i had n't noticed before , but there was a small envelope attached to the white silk bow around the flower stems .
` ` just wait until you see the flowers .
each morning , i awoke to flowers on my nightstand .
i opened my eyes and saw i stood in a yard of green grass lined by flower beds filled with yellow and white daisies .
in my hands were her lunch and a bunch of flowers .
when she came out of the room , hair brushed and flowing down her back , holding the little nosegay of flowers i 'd had the presence of mind to grab , she looked simply stunning .
what was i thinking , playing the wilting flower for this guy ?
i ' m no wilting flower myself .
this was her bridal shower , although why it was being held in a dark dance club with headache inducing , pulsing lights instead of in gabby 's small home with lots of wine and a pretty , flower covered cake was specifically due to none other than sylvia henslow , debutante extraordinaire and obnoxious cousin of the groom .
when he had her on her bed , drowning in her flower covered down comforter , he pulled the scrunchie out of her hair and tossed it to the side .
she sighed and turned around , allowing him to carry her suitcase even though it was covered in flowers .
she picked up the flowers , brought them up to her nose and inhaled deeply , taking in the sweet scent .
placing the flowers back next to the bed she went over to her suitcases and began rummaging through her clothing until she came to a beautiful , cream coloured gucci dress .
one hand held a bouquet of mangled flowers , presumably picked from the flower beds outside , and the other a half - drunk bottle of beer .
one hand held a bouquet of mangled flowers , presumably picked from the flower beds outside , and the other a half - drunk bottle of beer .
he took a step over the threshold and thrust the flowers at her .
she gingerly accepted the flowers , noticing that some had been yanked out of the ground and still contained the roots .
she looked down at the flowers in her hand and placed them on the coffee table , wiping the soil from her hands on a napkin .
making a side trip to the living room she picked up her makeshift bouquet of flowers and made her way into the kitchen .
after shaking the soil from the roots of the flowers she found a vase , filled it with water and placed them inside , arranging them so they looked as good as a bunch of random flowers could .
after shaking the soil from the roots of the flowers she found a vase , filled it with water and placed them inside , arranging them so they looked as good as a bunch of random flowers could .
maybe a text or a phone call , possibly even flowers selected by eleanor ; something .
first , the florist called in that the flowers they had shipped out from south america were going to arrive tomorrow .
with a thudding heart , i got up and inspected the flowers .
me : got your flowers .
from the tales of charles dickens to the heart - warming romance of jane austen 's novels , i had seized it all here , basking in the warmth of the hearth and the fresh scent of flowers in antique vases about the room .
the flowers were specifically flown in from south america , were n't they ? ''
it was heavy with the scent of tropical flowers and i could taste a hint of the warmth that i had experienced earlier , on the back of my tongue .
he had been a very gracious gentleman , sending them apology flowers and little gifts but he was the one - date - wonder ... or at least that is how i had known him ... that was until he asked me to go to the bathroom and remove my panties , starting our own little affair .
should he bring flowers ?
fuck flowers .
it was then that i noticed a flower arrangement on the coffee table .
he squeezed me tighter , almost so i could n't breathe , and said , ` ` did you like my flowers , sweetheart ? ''
i mean , your pilot does n't come on board and lay the fur on the bed just so , fill the vases with exotic flowers and make sure you ' ve got a fully stocked bar right down to the stoli vanilla . ''
he steered me toward a shop that sold hand milled soaps and colognes all infused with local herbs and flower essences .
it was only after tristan had paid the bill and we headed out to find a particular exhibit that i noticed kwan casually examining some flowers at a vendor 's cart .
autumn chrysanthemums filled every available flower bed and lent their own brilliance to the russet and gold palette of the day .
tristan gathered the autumn flowers and handed me the paper bag that held the corn and the gourds .
he put the pot of flowers at the foot of the headstone .
` ` what 's wrong with flowers ... or chocolate ? ''
i had fresh flowers in every room .
true to form , tristan had held me to my word on accepting flowers and sent me fresh bouquets several times a week .
every time the little bell over the door rang i hoped that it would be tristan or at least the flower delivery guy .
the last flowers i 'd been sent were looking ragged on my coffee table , but i could n't bring myself to throw them away .
the beds themselves are wild with flowers - far more than i could ever identify - but i recognize asters and the chrysanthemums among the early - autumn blooms .
i look at ben , who 's adding a pterodactyl to his dinosaur picture , and erin beside him , who 's painting a princess next to her explosion of flowers .
she 's been stopping by every other day , bringing me food when dad has to work late and bringing me the gifts and flowers that have been showing up at the center .
they remind me of the flowers calder got me on my first date .
i quickly look down at the bag of chips in my hand so that morgan does n't notice my emotional reaction to a bunch of stupid flowers .
it 's just some flowers .
i grab the flowers and toss them in , too .
angry for letting myself hope , even for a moment , that calder had sent these flowers .
there were red lotus flowers all over : floating in glass bowls filled with water and candles , in bouquets , everywhere .
5 : the red flower blooms noah making love to lanie was the easiest thing in the world to do , because i loved her with everything that i was , or ever would be .
i turned quickly , and there she stood : my mother , amid the tall grass , sprigs of purple , white , and yellow flowers blooming up around her red gown .
remember : from mud and murk , the red flower blooms , overcoming all to stretch toward the moon . ''
because however fucked up things between us might have started out , from mud and murk the red flower would bloom .
it had a stone chimney , flower boxes filled with hyacinths under the arched windows , and a door of knotty wood , and it was sitting in the middle of a meadow to boot .
a circular flower garden surrounded it , and a stone walkway led to the house .
9 : i sort of like dez noah samuel had just dropped me off at the front of the house with my briefcase and a bouquet of flowers for my girl in hand .
there were even flower boxes beneath the windows of the second story .
clean up the weeds , plant some flowers and do some basic housework , '' rhys said , like this was n't something he could have waited to share with me until , say , after i had my coffee .
switching the subject , i ask her how everything 's going in watertown and how things are working out at the flower shop she opened .
she 's rambling on and on about how spring 's coming and the flowers will soon bloom , and i ' m trying to pay attention , but the words are fading away into a fog .
i call her back , not wanting her to worry , only vaguely listening as she babbles about the flower shop .
melody 's eyes seek me out , and she tenses as she stares at the ostentatious flowers in my hand .
` ` the perk of having a mom who owns a flower shop , huh ? ''
her eyes drift back to the flowers on my desk , and she 's quiet for a moment .
i try to focus - i try , and try , and try - but my attention keeps drifting to the flowers .
i got your flowers and wanted to thank you . ''
` ` so how did i give away that i liked flowers ?
most women like flowers . ''
` ` my mother grows flowers for a living . ''
` ` i ' m glad you like the flowers . ''
her flower shop is not far from the bus station in watertown , about a mile trek near sundown .
arrangements of flowers are set up all around , the old cash register on the counter right in front of me with nobody manning it .
the house is tucked in among some trees in the middle of nowhere , along a river , the land overrun with flowers and plants .
i lean back in the old wooden chair , my feet propped up on the counter as i sit behind the register at the flower shop .
naz leans against the side of it , one hand in his pocket , the other holding a single blood red rose , twirling the flower as he stares down at it .
he smirks , his eyes shifting from the flower to me .
` ` a pretty flower for a pretty girl . ''
if you want me to walk in that room and take that flower back from that girl , if that 's what it 'll take , i will .
i give naz directions to the flower shop , not surprised when we pull up in front of it and the place is dark .
it 's well lived - in , the scent of flowers clinging to the air from a lit candle .
i could n't believe it , when i looked at my phone this morning and the familiar address of the flower shop in watertown greeted me .
today , it 's her favorite flowers .
pulling the diamond ring from my pocket , i stare at it under the dull sky before stepping forward , setting it on the headstone beside the flowers .
he 's clutching a bouquet of flowers , and when he gets closer i see they 're pink roses .
my father nods , turning away from the man , and places the flowers on top of the casket before stepping back .
i guess she 's getting a divorce and assumed the flowers were from her soon - to - be ex .
greenfield 's chapel is full of flowers when i enter , including a beautiful spray from janice and reggie i know they ca n't afford .
there is a flower arrangement from mark on my desk .
i place the flowers where i can see them and turn the small card over and over in my hand .
` ` next time i think i 'll catch the paper , and dodge the flowers . ''
the place is amazing and beautifully decorated , but there were no photos of him with a woman , no flowers or feminine touches anywhere .
with difficulty i accept the bundle of flowers , finding a card inside .
pots of blooming flowers were scattered everywhere .
he ran the pads of his thumbs up the inside of her pu**y lips and opened her like a flower .
pots of flowers were tucked between the trees and ringed the perimeter .
she had several tattoos on her arms and a flower above her pendulous br**sts .
he set the flowers on top of the filing cabinet and fiddled with them .
` ` guilt flowers are the best kind . ''
i 'll warn you - i ' m demanding , and i will not treat you like a delicate flower .
` ` such a lovely flower gracing your party .
omigod , are those the flower thingies ? ''
the pink - edged flowers floated down , landing on her chest and the smooth expanse of her belly .
` ` i did n't pick you for a flowers and chocolates kind of girl . ''
no flowers adorned the yard and the flag that hung was tattered to shame .
` ` perhaps , but i figured you 'd see more value in that than flowers and chocolates . ''
her sex bloomed and opened for him like a flower .
the sassy , little ` ` fuck me '' heels with yellow flowers on the pointed toes were kicked off , and kicked over , right on top of his shitkickers planted in the shag carpeting .
would it help my cause if i took you out for supper , tossed in some flowers and rubbed your feet when i get back to the ranch ? ''
should he have brought flowers ?
` ` kissin ' your red - hot love flower made this stem grow big and hard just for you , baby doll . ''
` ` love flower ? ''
how can you be out here all the time and not notice the flowers ?
` ` flower delivery . ''
she 'd never gotten flowers before .
cord had sent her flowers ?
he threaded his fingers into her soft hair and the cool scent of rain - soaked flowers , an aroma uniquely hers , filled his lungs .
centered on the plastic cooler lid was a bunch of wild flowers .
the woman who claimed not to be a romantic ... had picked flowers for him ?
the explosion of flowers on the couch clashed with the floral robe she wore .
he was buying flowers , i asked him what for , and he mentioned his date with india . ''
she 'd had sex with plenty of guys , hooked up with more than her fair share , but flowers , dinner , and moonlit walks ?
plastic flowers jammed in a perrier bottle coated with dripped wax was centered between a shaker of parmesan cheese and crushed hot peppers .
` ` we 're planting flowers ! ''
colt shifted the bouquet of flowers and lumbered up the steps , not bothering to tiptoe .
chapter twenty - three rather than pace until india came upstairs , colt found a vase and put the flowers in water .
her gaze zoomed to the flowers on the table and then back to him .
bring her flowers , wine and dine her with candlelit dinners , take her to the movies .
` ` i ' m not exactly a delicate flower , '' she retorted .
i was probably supposed to bring you wine or flowers or something . ''
she does n't have a dress or flowers , and the rest of that girly crap i do n't know nothin ' about . ''
` ` since valentine 's day when he brought her flowers , '' anton sneered .
keely drew them to her like bees to flowers .
you could treat me well , bring me flowers and chocolates , romance me , be decent in the sack and i 'd still get bored with you . ''
` ` yes , eliza , '' she said , squinting at the beribboned flower girl through the gauzy veil .
one gloved finger twisted a springy ribbon on her flower basket .
the heavy scent of hairspray , perfume and flowers burned her nostrils , stuck in her throat and made it impossible for her to breathe .
` ` did you really think i 'd love you more if you gave me silk sheets , flowers and candlelight ? ''
the ragged edge of brandt 's thumb traced the row of flowers he 'd so painstakingly pounded out in the supple leather above the metal clasp .
once he 'd unearthed the key and unlocked the door , he slipped inside the dark trailer and caught a whiff of flowers .
he placed a tender kiss on the section of skin right above where her sex parted like a flower .
the other pair , were flats , fancied up with flowers , but were nowhere near as hot as the stilettos .
once he was inside the quiet trailer , he caught a whiff of flowers .
` ` be aware that i ' m doing this marriage thing once in my life and i expect a real proposal , with a ring , you on bended knee , spouting words of love , holding flowers . ''
` ` flowers would help , '' quinn offered , breaking into his thoughts again .
he offered her the bouquet of flowers before he crossed the threshold .
pots of flowers abounded - surprising , given the late time of year .
putting the flowers he 'd bought in a vase .
she watered the pots of flowers she 'd planted and scattered about .
tell held a bouquet of flowers behind his back as he knocked on georgia 's door .
he remembered the flowers and handed them over .
she set the flowers on the coffee table .
now tonight it 's flowers , dinner and a trip to lover 's lane - where no doubt we 'll hold hands and gaze adoringly into each other 's eyes .
after he checked on jessie and brandt 's dog , he stopped at the grocery store to grab some flowers .
somehow he managed to leave walmart with flowers , a stuffed horse , a dvd of parenthood , a box of chocolates and a bottle of booze .
his brother had n't gone out and brought jessie flowers yet ?
` ` uh , thanks for saving my ass with the flowers . ''
aj thought with me bein ' the former bad boy mckay that you 'd listen if i spewed hearts and flowers about how much happier my life is now that i ' ve settled down . ''
he remembered his surprise at seeing how few mckays were buried there , and feeling sadness at how much space was available for the existing mckays he 'd never understood why his mother came here bearing flowers and tears - because luke was n't here .
` ` and you 're such a delicate flower . ''
why did n't you just buy me flowers ? ''
you can grow your own flowers in your new f**king greenhouse . ''
` ` trust me , buttercup , this psycho redneck behavior is one hundred percent you , and has nothing to do with the baby- '' was all he got out before she hurled the flower pot at his head .
` ` that one is for throwing a flower pot at me . ''
since the sun was up , keely ventured outside and watered the flowers on the back deck .
flustered , she dropped her gaze and noticed he held flowers .
` ` i ' ve got an extra vase for those flowers if you need one . ''
glennis set a vase already half - filled with water on the desk and handily plucked the flowers from dalton .
` ` i saw him with those and figured someone in this office was getting flowers .
a flower ?
as dalton 's first niece she was the official flower girl even when she did n't do anything but look cute as a button in her beribboned dress .
` ` since i did n't give you the hearts and flowers romance you deserved last night , and since you were sarcastic about the doves at the moment of the official cherry popping , i thought i could at least bring you a sweet treat that 'll remind you of me . ''
` ` no , like flowers and you .
but i ai n't good at that hearts and flowers shit . ''
carson thought back to the hours he 'd spent digging carolyn 's two new flower beds - in an area she knew was comprised mainly of rock , making it backbreaking work for him .
usually a flower is easiest because the lettering you want covered up can be incorporated into a vine or a stem . ''
he walked over to the framed picture of flowers .
i watered the garden and the flowers on the porch when i went home ... yesterday ?
her gaze started with cord , who gripped a bouquet of flowers from her garden .
` ` i pressed some flowers between the pages of a schoolbook once .
if i were honest with myself , my heart had soaked up her declaration like a flower seeing the sun for the first time in years .
it was a rather intricate scene of two wolves engaged in battle , while above it , a woman with a rounded belly and a man stood facing each other , she with a garland of flowers around her head , he with a crown .
` ` you know most guys send flowers and candy when they want a girl to go with them . ''
she doubted he 'd send her flowers or fill her ears with pretty words like hector jr . had .
contrary to what the social worker seemed to believe , the boy was no delicate flower .
` ` wait , you 're bringing nyla flowers ?
like flower , or honey , or kitten ? ''
the soft , feminine scent of flowers surrounded him .
aware of the way she smelled like flowers and sunshine - things that had been taken from him centuries before .
the windows were open and a gentle mediterranean breeze blew across the room , carrying the scent of sea , flowers , and olives .
' you know - my flower , ' '' he breathed . ` `
i sent her some flowers from you . ''
her windows were open , looking out onto a garden where only black flowers grew , in memory of his dead brother .
my mother used to say we were spring flowers who are only meant to bloom for one season .
she held her right hand up so that he could see the five tiny pink teardrops tattooed on her palm in the shape of a flower 's petals .
` ` c'm on , little french flower , restore my faith and tell me you do n't believe it . ''
as soon as they had the flowers stacked around the bed and dresser , all the guys left except for dev and his younger brother serre .
no woman ever sent flowers to thank me . ''
i ' m thinking she did n't send flowers to thank him .
one flower says thank you .
the flowers she 'd sent earlier were lined up on his dresser and before it , but other than that , there was absolutely nothing personal in the room to mark it as his .
wren glanced at the flowers in his room .
to him those flowers were unbelievably precious .
he 'd moved so fast that it was practically inhuman ... nodding , she reached in to get her flowers and chocolate to carry them into her house .
she went to set the flowers down on her end table .
` ` add a call in to the florist to send flowers to either his hospital room or funeral parlor . ''
` ` i wanted ... '' kat 's voice trailed off as a small set of flowers started to move toward the woods .
acheron had been spending a lot of time out there with the grass and flowers .
yet here he stood ... artemis took him by the hand and led him toward her balcony that let out onto a garden resplendent with flowers .
as simi came down the aisle , she lifted her bouquet to her lips and started nibbling the flowers .
at the sound of her name , delphine jerked up from where she was making a flower garland .
oh and by all means , carry a big , sparkling pink bag with flowers on it and make me hold it . ''
hell , he 'd even decorated it with lilies - matilda 's favorite flower .
nothing like the warm softness of his little flower .
` ` it 's the most sacred and beautiful of all flowers in egypt .
retta sighed as she straightened up the flower in the vase raluca had put on the tray .
` ` i ' m not exactly a slim , delicate flower . ''
` ` you smell like flowers . ''
remind me to order him flowers and a thank - you card later . ''
jayce made me a flower crown like a princess .
cursing in andarion , dancer narrowed his gaze on jayce as he picked a bouquet of flowers for kalea to match the crown he 'd made her .
the large arrangement of flowers that had always stood in the center of the foyer table had been knocked to the floor where the vase had broken , and the flowers lay floating in her blood .
the large arrangement of flowers that had always stood in the center of the foyer table had been knocked to the floor where the vase had broken , and the flowers lay floating in her blood .
` ` i stole a flower from the park and took it home to her , hoping it would make her smile .
as she entered the suite , a huge vase of fresh flowers greeted her , scenting the air with a wonderful bouquet .
love was a fragile flower that took a lot of care and hard work to sustain .
and just like a flower , it would wither and die if abused or neglected .
the soft scent of flowers drifted from her hair that had been sprayed with glitter and braided with pieces of ribbon and lace .
kiara used to love sitting in the well - manicured garden behind the palace , breathing in the scent of all the flowers blooming around her , sunlight warming her skin , not doing anything except enjoying the sweet air , gossiping with tiyana .
he looked down at the stacks of flowers and rosaries that were arranged around the tomb and saw where a small group of black roses were blooming in a tiny patch of earth .
` ` you bring her flowers ? ''
her hair was down around her face and she had a light ribbon braided across the top of her hair with flowers .
her hair held that same delectable scent of fresh flowers and warmth .
ma'at tossed a flower at savitar .
i require at least a couple of nice dinners and some flowers first . ''
` ` do you know you smell like mint and flowers ? ''
she could understand the flowers , since she grew a few in her underground home , but she had no idea about the mint .
there you were , all decked out like a tough biker , yet you smelled like a delicate flower .
black hair swept around her bare shoulders in stark contrast to the vibrant flowers woven into the material of her strapless gown .
i want to smell the fresh flowers . ''
and , as far as nicole goes , i sent her flowers and a thank - you note . ''
i ' ve never gotten flowers .
more flowers wrapped her lower body as a floor - length skirt .
` ` ah , my flower .
` ` if not talk , then what shall we do this eve , flower ? ''
eyes narrowed , he grated , ` ` yes , flower .
` ` ah , flower , would you like me to demonstrate how quickly i ' ve forgotten her ? ''
from the sky , you look like one , crawling around in a white frock and eating flowers . ''
-maybe.- she 'd never forget that perpetually sunny , coastal plane , redolent with the scent of hawaiian tropic , island flowers , and sex .
her black , black hair matched the petals of those flowers .
bubbles were even released by flowers fringing the tree roots .
scrambling out , he strode toward the sea , setting her down on a mat of flowers beneath swaying palms .
she lay back in the flowers and reached for him , her hair like a cloud around her head , night - black curls against bloodred petals .
had the fields of flowers wavered ?
i remember with crazy detail a bouquet of flowers my dad bought me for a holiday , but i ca n't remember his face . ''
colin dreams of lucy in her flower dress and white sandals , her hands clasped on her stomach and lilies all around her .
she scribbles messy circles and squares , flowers and clouds , trying to remember her favorite words and how they come together under the pressure of her pencil .
there are no trees , no buildings , nothing to stop the wind from tearing through this side , blowing dried flowers down the hillside and away from the intended recipients .
i look out over my mom 's perfect yard - immaculate lawn , lush flower beds , pristine white fence - and feel like an unsightly weed in the middle of it .
i was prepared for a park - grass and flowers and benches - but i was n't prepared to find such huge stretches of open space nestled in the center of this busy , cramped city .
there are flowers everywhere : row after row of seasonal blooms , cottage beds and wildflowers , hedges and lacy blossoms of every imaginable color .
every flower that grows on french soil is represented in this garden , he tells me proudly , and in the distance i see the museums housed on the grounds : one each for evolution , mineralogy , paleontology , entomology .
he nods , snapping his finger and looking so pleased with me i may as well have planted all of these flowers here myself .
whoever lives here has a way with plants , because the yard is impeccable , the flower beds thriving .
his apartment smelled of clean floors , flowers , and incense .
it was friday night in brooklyn , and the city lights were reflecting off the sky : orange - tinted clouds pressing summer heat against the sidewalks like a flower between the pages of a book .
` ` if they give you a token - like a leaf or a flower - to hold on to , and you keep it through the night , you 'll be fine in the morning .
a good place to come and lay flowers on someone 's grave , to sit awhile and think about their life , what they meant to you .
the whip drooped in isabelle 's hand like a flower .
as she looked at valentine , her simmering rage bloomed like a poisonous flower inside her chest .
what does not belong to our world must not be allowed to take root here , to grow like a poisonous flower and extinguish all life . ''
kaelie departed , leaving behind the faint smell of flowers .
the rune she had drawn was a dark flower blossoming on the stone wall .
there were bunches of white flowers laid here and there on the graves ; she thought at first they were lilies , but they had a spicy , unfamiliar scent that made her wonder if they were native to idris .
as they rode farther away from alicante , walls of green foliage whipped by on either side , giving way every so often to improbably beautiful vistas : frost blue lakes , green valleys , gray mountains , silver slivers of river and creek flanked by banks of flowers .
it had seemed like a pretty place to her then , lined with flower boxes and brightly painted shops .
and now you ' ve sent the flower of the nephilim to die in this ridiculous battle - an empty gesture that will accomplish nothing .
she was wearing neither of the outfits she 'd showed to clary earlier , but an incredible gold satin dress that hugged her body like the closed petals of a flower .
` ` i ' ve never been to a celebration that had downworlders at it before , '' said aline , looking nervously down the street , where a faerie girl whose long hair was braided with flowers - no , clary thought , her hair was flowers , connected by delicate green tendrils - was plucking some of the white blossoms out of a hanging basket , looking at them thoughtfully , and eating them .
` ` i ' ve never been to a celebration that had downworlders at it before , '' said aline , looking nervously down the street , where a faerie girl whose long hair was braided with flowers - no , clary thought , her hair was flowers , connected by delicate green tendrils - was plucking some of the white blossoms out of a hanging basket , looking at them thoughtfully , and eating them .
the walls had been painted with trompe l'oeil murals showing italian gardens full of flowers .
once , she 'd thought the flower - shaped green buttons that ran all the way up the front were funky and cool , but now she just felt less put - together and sophisticated than isabelle .
he saw the gaslight and smelled the smoke and dirt and horses , the metallic tang of fog , the flowers in kew gardens .
clary wandered from table to table , arranging things that did n't need arranging , fiddling with flowers and straightening silverware that was n't actually crooked .
right now there was a bouquet of flowers taped to the door with a card tucked among the blooms that read i ' m sorry .
he walked forward , across the hardwood planks that wound between the flower borders and artificial pools lined with shining quartz .
a small flower of alarm blossomed in his chest .
his voice had that self - mocking , seductive tone she remembered from when they had first been getting to know each other , when he 'd brought her up to the greenhouse to show her the flower that bloomed at midnight .
the scent of it lingered too , like the water from a vase after the flowers have rotted , faint and sweet and spoiled on her skin .
simon remembered luke kneeling on the farmhouse floor , painstakingly spelling out the words in black paint , while clary added the - now weather - faded and almost invisible - pattern of flowers along the bottom .
the room was the same , the same worn furniture and wood walls and colorful rug , dimmed and bleached by moonlight , but now sebastian had sprung up in the middle of it like some exotic poisonous flower growing in a bed of familiar weeds .
it was surrounded by wreaths of flowers : roses from which no one had cut away the thorns .
white flowers were scattered along the aisle : the white flowers that grew only in idris .
if he had a favorite flower , it was roses , and his mother knew that .
he remembered the smell of sunlight and flowers suddenly , a taste like copper in his mouth .
and when i die and they burn my body and i become ashes that mix with the air , and part of the ground and the trees and the stars , everyone who breathes that air or sees the flowers that grow out of the ground or looks up at the stars will remember you and love you , because i love you that much . ''
she picked up her skirts and wandered off toward the trees , her feet like blue flowers in the grass .
bringing up memories i 'd almost forgotten - of kat arguing with me over the flower bed and refusing to go to the lake with me the day dee had hid my keys .
there was a huge front porch covered with potted plants and hanging flowers .
the whole place smelled like one giant flower .
run around and rearrange the numerous plants and flowers he seemed to have growing out of the walls ?
` ` we planted flowers together and you borrowed a lot of my books and never gave them back .
archer turned the key in the ignition , cutting the engine as i stared at the flower box surrounding the porch .
it was more weeds than flowers , but that was okay , too , because mom had a daughter missing and an alien apocalypse to deal with .
plus , she was n't really good with flowers and all that jazz .
she was on her knees , her hair up in a knot , pulling the weeds out of the flower box .
under them were several lounge chairs and small tables , but it was the neatly manicured flower garden that caught and held my attention .
i did n't know most of the flowers , but i did see roses and lilies everywhere .
logic told me it would fade one day , but- the sweet , musky smell came out of nowhere , overwhelming the scents of the flowers surrounding me .
every cell in my body opened up , like a flower that had been denied water and sun for far too long .
` ` this one is bluebelle and that one , '' he gestured at the one that smelled my leg , ` ` is flower . ''
chapter thirty - two the purity of zayne 's soul , the power in it , hit every cell in my body and the demon inside me soaked it up like a flower thirsting for water and sunlight .
the scent of a flower that reminded him of spring , but he could n't place what it was .
she had n't noticed when it had been wrapped around the brick , but in the faint light and unfolded , she recognized the one - sided design - the black and white lines that crawled up the sides of the ivory sheet and the tiny flowers in each corner .
her eyes scanned the roses and tiny white flowers as she stood there in a stupor .
` ` secondly , do those flowers have a name on them ? ''
` ` so the flowers were n't from me . ''
but as they waited for their food to arrive and after alana had spoken about one of her clients , he wondered about the flowers and what murray had said saturday night .
who would send that amount of flowers and not take credit ?
he believed her when she said she did n't know , but ... ` ` did you catch what flower shop they came from ? ''
that he sent me the flowers ?
get well soon flowers adorned her office .
a vase of flowers and a computer screen were shattered on the floor .
leaning back in the seat , i reached down and picked at the brace through my jeans as he spread a dark blue blanket over the dainty flowers .
going to have the boat loaded with flowers and chocolate .
kneeling down , he placed the pretty red flowers at the base of her headstone .
unease cut deeper , then twisted and spread like a weed across a flower bed .
mase fell into step beside me as we walked toward his parents ' large white farm house with its wraparound porch and flowers in the window boxes .
we can talk in the morning , but right now , you need to rest , and i want nothing more than to hold you while you do , '' he said , then pressed a kiss on my forehead as if i were a delicate flower he did n't want to break .
my favorite thing to do was plant flowers in my backyard with no company except grant .
i was gon na have to send her flowers .
first , i needed to send some flowers and an apology card to anya .
the flowers on it , however , had made me feel pretty in the store but did n't really seem like something you would see at a club .
car was gone at two today when i glanced outside , but then it was back when i went to water the flowers at four . ''
` ` next week i get to be a flower girl again , '' daisy said , grinning up at us .
i shifted my gaze to the other side of the room to see a small formica table with fresh flowers in a vase in the middle and four matching chairs around it .
larissa shot me a toothless grin and headed down the aisle too fast , and she tossed all her flowers out before she got halfway there .
we sent flowers .
as i face her door , a bunch of flowers gripped within my sweaty , shaking hands , i acknowledge that i still have no valid reason .
there are a lot of really nice people in private rooms and smiling staff to get you whatever you need ; there 's a gym that i ' ve spent a good deal of time in ; there 's a small yard with oak trees and tiny purple flowers waking up after a long winter , and wooden benches you can sit on to enjoy the spring air .
with flowers in one hand and directions to the tombstones in the other , i made my way through the small catholic cemetery .
my parents , as thoughtful as they are , sent flowers on the first and second and third anniversaries of the accident .
based on the florist truck that 's pulling up near the graveyard now , and the bouquet of flowers that the deliveryman has in one hand , i 'd bet money that they plan on doing this every year until they die .
and so i sit on this bench , watching from behind my thick aviator glasses as people filter through the cemetery to leave flowers and words of longing to their loved ones .
she hangs back like a statue as her sister and aunt approach the twin tombstones , livie hugging a large wreath of purple flowers , her aunt with a rosary dangling from her fingers , both wearing solemn expressions .
only when she stands up with a bouquet of flowers and tosses them to the side , her mouth pressed in a thin line of anger , do i know .
livie does n't say a word , simply scooping the flowers up and adjusting some of the bent petals .
the flowers land in front of me .
she ca n't even handle a simple gesture like flowers from us .
only when they pile into the car and drive away do i get up , settling the flowers from my parents back in between the two tombstones .
a watercolor of a young girl picking wild flowers hung over the marble mantel .
no one had ever given me flowers before , let alone scaled a mountain to pick them freestyle .
i exclaimed , grabbing the flowers out of his hand and inhaling their scent again , welcoming the fond memories that flooded back with it .
i crouched by the riverbank and laid my flowers beside it with their stems dipped in the murky water .
and caden , would he still vanish into the woods to pick me flowers ?
` ` then maybe you should n't have run off into the woods to pick flowers , and been so damn flirtatious ! ''
` ` flowers , '' fiona answered in her usual placid tone , saving me .
creamy pale , beautiful faces lay in repose on the cobblestone paths and in the flower gardens .
every plant and flower previously untouched now shriveled .
then i 'd be like her , laying flowers on a tombstone .
` ` mrs . cooke sent a big flower arrangement on behalf of the firm . ''
amber yanks a flower from the ground , twirling it between her fingertips .
jesse bends down to pluck a flower , to twirl it in his fingers like i ' ve seen his sister do .
` ` is he the guy who sent you the flowers ? ''
i frowned when i saw only a vase of flowers atop it .
` ` but i ' m not going to be the flower girl .
we 'll only need enough flowers for the members of the wedding party . ''
i take in the foot - high thistles and desiccated flowers along the borders and wonder how many people actually find this space relaxing .
she clutches the flowers in both her tiny hands , and then gazes at trent with wide , starry eyes that do n't blink for far too long .
` ` officer dan brought you flowers , mommy !
water and flowers splash everywhere .
she looks up at him and smiles , all fuss over flowers vanishing .
after we moved our stuff into our room , she made a sign for the door with our names in calligraphy , surrounded by hearts and flowers and x 's and o 's .
we head down the hallway and a different set of stairs in silence , one that leads out to the home 's backyard garden , a sizeable property with bare oak trees and small paths weaving through the flower beds , long since prepared for winter .
he came along , showering her with flowers and romantic dinners , making her feel as special as i wanted to .
someone sent me flowers ?
glancing down at the flowers on my passenger side , which i ca n't bear to abandon , i feel the hot tears begin streaming down my cheeks .
she has n't answered my calls , though the florist confirmed that she received my flowers this morning .
` ` thank you for the flowers , '' she offers suddenly , adding more softly , ` ` i never thanked you earlier .
her eyes drift over the flowers adorning my table .
i see flashes of gymnastics trials and school plays , of sam standing with armloads of flowers , garnering attention from parents around as the doting stepfather .
some people might find it annoying , but i absorb each one of them like a flower yearning for sunshine .
she looked at the wall , or the flowers , or the yew trees .
rowan was frowning just a little at the flowers , as if the flowers were talking to her in a quiet and secret tongue .
she was still looking at the distant flowers , at the wall .
she slumped against the door frame , humming with the flowers , humming as if the song were being made known to her by some remote part of her memory where beautiful and delicate things were never forgotten , but only securely stored .
she hummed to the baby ... then sang softly : ` ` ' bring flowers of the fairest , bring flowers of the rarest , from garden and woodland and hillside and dale ! '
she hummed to the baby ... then sang softly : ` ` ' bring flowers of the fairest , bring flowers of the rarest , from garden and woodland and hillside and dale ! '
she hummed the tune now without the words , picturing the forests , and the green land , and flowers . ` `
the cable tv in this house gets every channel , you can go to your room , and watch tv , if you do n't want to be with me , or take a swim outside , or pick flowers , or dig for bodies under the tree- '' ` ` i want to be your ally and confidante . ''
ophelia , with the flowers in her hair , moving steadily downstream .
flowers , bouquets of flowers .
flowers , bouquets of flowers .
no , mother , do n't ... no , the flowers , the circles , you talk !
the song started again , so sweet , so pretty , the song of flowers and the glen .
suddenly she pictured ophelia floating away on her stream , with the flowers in her hair .
nice place to die , maybe better than in the stream with the flowers .
` ` make a bier of flowers for me- '' ` ` make a what ? ''
and in summer we brought flowers aplenty ; and indeed , deputations were kept going all day and night into the woodlands to find flowers and fresh green boughs .
lots of comfortable old furniture scattered around , and it did n't smell too much like mold ; on the contrary , it smelled like flowers .
that the flowers were blooming yesterday and the day before because the earth there was already damp , presaging the little fount which had now at last broken through the surface again ?
he had checked his map , and now he walked past the iron picket fences , and vines of florid pink trumpet flower .
but to be discovered now would be so tragic , when the evening is descending in this raiment of violet , and the flowers glow in their beds , and once again the cicadas sing .
and , oh , the look on her face , her newborn face , her arms so delicate in her sheer dress of point d'esprit and her sex , deep underneath , pulsing with the scent , a flower opening in darkness and alone , the scent penetrating to his brain .
` ` of course i do ... i ' ve seen the princesses when they come through in their magnificent gowns covered with jewels , and i know how it must feel to be opened to the world as if you were a flower , all of their eyes like fingers prying at you , but you are so ... so splendid finally , princess , and so rare .
` ` a very lovely flower , this , '' he said .
and as if in nightmare , she saw all the faces of those at the nearest tables , lords and ladies twisted to see the bridle path , and far to her loomed the pavilion of the queen , canopied and festooned with flowers .
he opened the door to admit yet another young man who carried a great flower basket filled with pink roses .
beauty could see the basket was heaped with such carefully prepared flowers .
in fact it was so flexible that lady juliana , setting down her basket of flowers , could make it vibrate when she pressed the tip of it with her thumb .
the handle of the oval paddle was so long , lady juliana did not even bend over as she spanked beauty and with a start , beauty dropped the flower .
the paddle came down with a fearful zinging sound , smacking her sore welts as she rushed on her hands and knees to the queen , and lady juliana managed some seven or eight good blows before beauty had dropped the flower in the queen 's lap obediently .
but she was already spanking beauty fiercely as beauty ran in search of another flower .
ah , you are so tender to me , my secret flower . ''
he forced me down in the grass , and told me that with my teeth i was to pick the little white flowers there for him or he would take me back to the kitchen .
` ` i fetched the little flowers in my teeth and brought them back to him .
it seemed never in my life had i seen cream - colored velvet and gilt , and statues against the walls , nor the bouquets of fresh flowers everywhere .
very soon she was gathering little flowers in her teeth for lady juliana , or with great grace kissing the hem of her skirts , or even her white hands , all of these gestures delighting her mistress .
the low beams of its ceiling were painted and decorated with flowers , and i felt as i had when i first entered this house , huge and shamefully exposed in it , a true slave bound there among the shelves of gleaming pewter and the high - backed oak chairs and clean - swept chimneypiece .
and a lovely sprig of white flowers was dangled over her face , and her mouth was opened and the sprig laid between her teeth , the waxy petals fluttering against her cheeks and chin every so slightly .
beauty 's hips and belly rose sharply at the touch of his lips and teeth , the moan breaking from her , the flowers in her mouth shuddering against her cheeks .
i had first to catch my pretty prey , which meant a hard chase through the flower beds , and then the blushing little princess must be carried back and laid at my lady 's feet for inspection , after which my real performance commenced and must be carried through perfectly .
in retrospect , it seemed she had only been a flower in full bloom when she was thoroughly violated by the will of another , that in suffering for the will of another she had discovered her true self .
and the pace slowed as beauty found herself in an immense courtyard , full of potted palm trees and flower beds bordered in variegated marble .
the perfume of flowers suddenly refreshed her .
we came to a large garden full of low fig trees and flower beds , and i saw immediately what was going to happen to us .
they were male slaves , at least twenty of them , their natural skin color unchanged , each mounted on a smooth wooden cross that was planted in the earth amid the flowers and the grass , under the low tree branches .
i do n't think a day had passed that i 'd not thought of her in her velvet gown , a flower held in a gloved hand , its petals looking all the more delicate for the fabric that pinched it .
` ` bloody hell '' was all he had time to say before will , exhibiting a startling presence of mind , stood up , seized the vase of flowers off the table , and hurled the contents over henry .
the flames went out , with a faint protesting sizzle , leaving henry standing soaking wet in the doorway , one sleeve of his jacket blackened and a dozen damp white flowers strewn at his feet .
no sooner had i consumed my third drink in the devil than i was accosted by a delightful small flower - selling child who asked me for twopence for a daisy .
carriages rolled side by side with costermongers ' carts piled high with fruit and vegetables ; women shawled and carrying shallow baskets full of flowers dived madly in and out of traffic as they tried to interest the occupants of various carriages in their wares ; and cabs came to a full stop in the midst of traffic so that the cabdrivers could scream at one another out their windows .
` ` you wanted to grow flowers out of my blood !
above the wooden wainscoting the walls were papered in rose silk , and the coverlet on the bed was printed with flowers .
there was a white vanity table too , its surface covered with an expensive - looking dressing table set : a ring stand , a bottle of flower water , and a silver - backed hairbrush and mirror .
then came jessamine , with pale flowers wound through her fair hair .
sam also worked on his double - wide inside and out , trimming his hedge and raking his yard , planting flowers and tomatoes in season , to the amusement of the rest of the staff .
there were no fresh flowers .
i felt so full of conflicting emotions that it was like walking through a minefield in my high - heeled black sandals with the silly flowers on them .
` ` they found a little glass vial , like florists stick individual flowers in ? ''
i slammed my car door shut behind me , earning a sharp look from a sleek , well - groomed neighbor of eric 's who was weeding the flower bed around her mailbox .
kym 's grieving parents were posed clutching a bible and a bouquet of daisies , which they said had been kym 's favorite flower .
i was wearing my happy sandals again , high - heeled and with little flowers on the strap across my toes .
with my mouth hanging open , i rotated to check out all the other flowers and bushes in the yard , and there were plenty of them .
the flowers bloomed and bloomed and bloomed , until i had a vase full in almost every room in the house .
this house should be full of flowers , candy , and male strippers . ''
a friend of michele 's had volunteered to make the cake as her wedding present to the happy couple , and the mother of another friend was going to do the flowers at cost .
` ` i ' ve never seen flowers bloom in the middle of the summer like that .
i put flowers on my family 's graves every holiday and on the anniversary of their deaths .
i put it on top of my night table , planning to set it in the flower bed .
` ` however , '' bob said , ` ` we did verify why your flowers and tomatoes are growing so well . ''
` ` yes ... yes ... yes ... ` ` taking all that he was , blossoming like a flower beneath him , lush with such promise .
victoria glanced at the field of flowers around them .
it was festooned with flowers : bluebells and foxgloves and harebells and daffodils , but also with violets and lilies , with tiny crimson dog - roses , pale snowdrops , blue forget - me - nots and a profusion of other flowers dunstan could not name .
dunstan picked up a flower from the stall .
` ` so where do these flowers come from ? ''
will you buy a flower from me now , young master ? ''
for by now he was quite agitated , and his only mission was to obtain a flower for ... for daisy , daisy hempstock ... to obtain his flower and to depart , for , truth to tell , the young lady was making him exceedingly uncomfortable .
for by now he was quite agitated , and his only mission was to obtain a flower for ... for daisy , daisy hempstock ... to obtain his flower and to depart , for , truth to tell , the young lady was making him exceedingly uncomfortable .
after some time spent searching for it , mr . hempstock and dunstan 's father found the stall where the crystal flowers were being sold ; but the stall was being run by an elderly woman , accompanied by an exotic and very beautiful bird , which was chained to its perch by a thin silver chain .
i was thinking that i 'd welcome a boy to work my little flower - stall - i sells glass flowers , you know , the prettiest things that ever you did see .
i was thinking that i 'd welcome a boy to work my little flower - stall - i sells glass flowers , you know , the prettiest things that ever you did see .
` ` you sell glass flowers , you say , '' he said .
` ` it occurs to me now that i have a deep fondness for this flower , which was a gift from my father when i commenced my travels , and which , i suspect , carries with it a tremendous personal and familial importance .
perhaps i would be better off keeping the flower , and my companion and i can walk to wall .
give me the flower .
` ` the greed and hunger were so obvious in her face that tristran was now certain he could have made a better deal , but he gave the old woman his father 's flower .
` ` it is a flower .
and i do believe that that bumpkin 's flower was even finer than the one you lost to me , all those years ago .
she touched its plumed head with her glass flower , and it flowed and shifted and became a young woman , in appearance not too much older than tristran himself , with dark , curling hair and furred , catlike ears .
madame semele adjusted the last of the crystal flowers on the stall and eyed the market with disfavor .
she thought that for a man like conrad , this had been on a level with picking flowers for her .
or should she dazzle him like a rare frost flower ?
he spied a flower street vendor on the next corner over .
murdoch knew women - they loved flowers .
` ` i thought that bringing flowers to a woman one desires was a timeless gesture . ''
` ` i ' m supposed to release one of the most evil vampires in existence- '' ` ` the most evil , '' lothaire corrected , ` ` if you please , flower . ''
algaliarept smiled as the clean mountain air filled his lungs as he reformed , the stench of burnt amber that clung to him being replaced by the honest smell of horses and cultivated flowers .
but butterflies like carrion as much as flowers , battlefields as much as gardens .
she should n't be here this soon , but the memory of his love was like the scent of flowers , begging to be inhaled and irresistible .
` ` he was looking at our flower beds , '' jumoke added .
the flower beds abandoned .
last year , we held a spot of ground in the hills , but lunkers cut it down , built a house , and did n't put in any flowers or trees to replace what they destroyed .
we took the flower beds , dug out a small room under the roots of a dogwood .
the noise from the nearby city was almost intolerable , but the small garden space with its two statues and profusion of flowers in the middle of the city was worth the noise pollution .
it was across the sidewalk from vincet 's flower beds , and staying off the greenery made both of them happier - even if he had been invited and was wearing his red bandanna like a belt .
bis pointed at nothing jenks could see , cocking his ugly , bald head first one way , then the other as he focused on the flower beds .
` ` i need to destroy a statue , '' he said , seeing the clean wood around him and imagining the dirt walls vincet was living between , then remembering the flower boxes he and mattie had raised most of their children among .
it was a skill jenks taught himself shortly after reaching the city , then used it to claim a section of worthless land before the proposed flower boxes existing on a set of blueprints went in .
` ` but uncle jenks wo n't touch the flowers , '' she whined .
bis cried as ivy was flung back to land in the flower bed beside sylvan 's statue as if having been pulled by a string .
as they watched , a huge slab of broken rock slid from sylvan 's statue , falling to crush the flowers .
the little girl probably had a stash of flowers somewhere that even her mother did n't know about .
` ` there is no way that you can be more scared than i was with matalina pregnant and us living in a flower box that did n't have enough dirt to keep out the heat , much less hibernate through .
three shivering violently , cooper waited in kay 's office for her to come back , a feminine shawl that smelled like flowers draped over his shoulders as he practically sat on the space heater .
i do so like the forest flowers . ''
barnabas had been hanging around so much that my dad thought he was my boyfriend , and my boss at the flower shop thought i should take out a restraining order .
even called the flower bower to see if you went in on your day off .
maybe i could call my boss at the flower shop and offer to come in tomorrow to get out of it .
nodding , ivy turned on her heel and headed for the faded office sign and the wilted flowers in the huge earthen pots decorated with aztec - looking figures that reminded me of ley - line glyphs .
` ` it had pictures on the walls of babies- '' ` ` dressed like flowers ? ''
` ` his garden has so many flowers you ca n't step without crushing one , '' i said .
even odder was that the curse seemed as if it lay in my chi like shavings of iron , all of them aligning themselves to orient on ku'sox , like a flower to the sun .
there was a bowl up there , too , and the shirt that jenks had gotten him last june , right next to a vase of plastic flowers and a picture he 'd once asked for of the garden .
the basic tattoo was a simple dandelion flower gone to seed , the fluffy parachutes being black instead of white , and the green stem coming from a small cluster of leaves .
` ` more flowers on rachel 's tattoo , '' he said immediately .
those flowers are going to look u - u - u - u - ugl - y - y - y when your skin gets all saggy . ''
i paused just past the threshold to take in the familiar tables and booths , and the weird pictures of babies dressed up as fruit and flowers .
` ` hey , i got the last of the toad - lily flowers you wanted , '' jenks said as he dropped a bundle of them on the counter .
i frowned , unable to meet wayde 's disapproving eyes as i tucked jenks 's toad - lily flowers in a cupboard to dry .
past our little corner of quiet , a dozen people silently worked washing eloy 's blood and dr . cordova 's spit from the floor , spackling , painting , replacing pictures of babies dressed up as flowers .
trent had spun a charm to knock the were out cold with the ease of picking a flower .
realizing she was trying to say flower , i grinned .
taken aback , i spun , the ring of flowers falling from me to land in the dry moat between us .
and ku'sox took him like plucking a flower from a field .
past the blue curtains and al 's chrysalis , the hunched shadows of gargoyles were thick among the tombstones , but i could imagine it a month from now with the early flowers blooming and pixies out there instead of in here .
low clouds threatened more rain , and last year 's leaves rustled in the cold flower beds , mirroring my mood perfectly .
a flower drifted down , and i kept it , feeling as if it had been a gift .
a trophy with a horse on it was tucked behind it , and a hand - drawn picture of a flower behind that : memories .
on sudden impulse , i set the flower i had found beside the candle .
there were flowers in their hair , and deviltry in their eyes .
i ' m having a party next week when the purple grass flowers .
freaky was the word , and i edged in , my feet silent on the thick rugs with patterns of faces in the flowers .
like flowers to the sun , every single face turned from edden to us .
` ` i told you half the city was looking for you , '' edden said , and i took the flower .
i nodded as i took in the clean counters , homey tables , and fresh flowers in vases still beaded up with condensation .
it was supposed to be romantic , with flowers and sun or moonlight , his touch on my face , and the scent of our hair mingling as we kissed .
i frowned at him and his peter pan pose on the wilted flowers .
there was a small koi pond with steam rising from it , and tidy flower beds carefully raked and put to bed for the coming winter .
orchids and cut flowers made it less six stories under and more thirty stories up .
i frowned as i realized the little girl had a silver flower in her grip that she had n't had before al left .
of all the unplanned , thoughtless- '' ivy started , but i could hear the relief in her voice , and i picked up a vase of flowers , setting it upright .
the scent of were was thick up here , and there were signs of a scuffle , hastily cleaned up : the flower vase had no water , and there was a petal stuck to the glass that never would have passed inspection .
from the crowd , a soft sound rolled out as the butterflies rose , symbols of love and war all wrapped up in one , for as butterflies seek out flowers , they also seek carrion .
maybe if he cleaned her room ... and had a bouquet of fresh flowers waiting for her ... and sang a song as she drifted to sleep ...
now for the flowers .
he emptied cornelia 's favorite vase of old , dried flowers , then added the new and watered the stems .
ambrosia , the flowers he 'd picked for her .
understanding took root , and it did n't sprout a pretty flower patch .
summer reminded her of blooming flowers and blooming flowers reminded her of colors , so many colors , and life , such vibrant life .
like the flowers , she bloomed .
those eyes ... a summer storm , heat rising , steaming up the flower gardens .
there was a patch of grass , with jewel - toned flowers planted all around .
no trees , no flowers .
i ' m a fragile flower .
she 'd told noelle she was a fragile flower .
a few yards beyond , the landscape was flat and bare , boasting no trees or flowers that would allow anyone to hide .
no one in this wing could afford fresh flowers , and gunpowder was only used by street gangs who managed to get their hands on old weapons .
she smelled a little like bride , flowers and mint , but underneath those new scents he still caught a hint of orchids and butterscotch .
i brought my handsome boy some flowers , '' devyn said from the doorway , seizing center stage .
` ` so where are the flowers ? ''
you know , the one who has your flowers . ''
` ` i thought you gave her the flowers because she looked sad . ''
i can take you to the sunless vampire world when it bloomed like a night flower , the petals rich and silky . ''
i stared at the silk flowers twined around the tall alabaster columns , searching my mind for ... what ?
he always enjoyed watching me , the dainty little flower , intimidate such enormous creatures .
colorful faux flowers bloomed all around my feet , in direct contrast to my mood .
fresh flowers overflowed from end tables , and the edges of a finely woven rug were fringed with those same flower petals .
maybe cloning flowers .
i sucked in a breath , the scent of sun , pine , and blooming flowers taunting me with their vibrant freshness .
the fragrance of honey and flowers seeped from me , surrounding us as surely as the trees , billowing sweetly in the wind .
i placed the flowers on a nearby table and turned back to her .
` ` did you get the flowers jonathan sent you ?
` ` thank you for the flowers , '' i told jonathan .
the feminine flowers had helped combat that , and all remaining insecurities were somehow banished by jaxon 's praise .
he saw a queen - size bed with a bright red comforter , a stone vanity , and a dresser painted with flowers and vines .
you can send her flowers or something . ''
they argued about the flowers ( who would do the sending ) and the nail painting ( what color looked best on dallas ) the whole way out .
she felt so good against him , she smelled like the sweetest flower , was finally doing something he 'd commanded her to do .
colorful portraits of flowers hanging in every direction .
at the same time , flames sparked in the grass , where the body had been , catching , growing , then reaching the flowers , catching , growing , then slithering toward noelle 's house .
fresh flowers spilled from a crystal vase in the center of the dining table , sweetly scenting the air .
i certainly do not want to smell like flowers . ''
at least most of the damage done to the temple had been cleaned away , the grass and flowers tended , the rivers purified .
no hint of smoke or flowers , only soap and cherries .
plants and flowers decorated every corner .
but those , '' she said , pointing to the flower stems , ` ` those are good .
the male shook his head , his hair so long it danced over the flowers on the ground .
death always smelled like flowers , poor bastard .
he 'd smelled of flowers , she remembered , the scent somehow comforting her even in the midst of the greatest panic attack of her life .
he would talk about flowers and moonbeams - he cringed - if it meant maintaining this delectable inner peace .
so much for flowers and moonbeams .
` ` we meet at last , flowers . ''
` ` do you not find me desirable , flowers ? ''
` ` no game , flowers .
` ` so you ' ve come to finish what we started , have you , flowers ? ''
` ` you owe me a favor , flowers , and i ' m calling it in .
` ` nice to see you again , flowers . ''
hate to disappoint you , flowers , but that kind of revs my engine .
` ` whatever , flowers .
mariah used to pick flowers and weave them in her hair .
he swiped up his bag and said over his shoulder , ` ` thank you for the flowers , ashlyn . ''
` ` none of your business , flowers . ''
` ` you look ready for a battle , flowers .
the scent of flowers was growing stronger , wafting from him , twining around her and drawing tight .
` ` does the thought of me with another man fill you with rage , flowers ? ''
otherwise , it was sweetcakes , baby doll and flowers .
except for flowers , the names made him feel like a man .
` ` i 'll take that as a compliment , flowers . ''
` ` see you there , flowers . ''
` ` i ' m not going to tell any secrets , flowers . ''
` ` flowers , i - ` ` ` ` say no more , sweetheart .
` ` why do n't you wait here , flowers , and make sure no one else sneaks inside ?
flowers : delicate petals and sensual colors .
` ` come on , flowers .
` ` right on , flowers ! ''
laughing , she skipped forward and danced through the flowers , their soft petals caressing her skin as he wanted to do .
i love you , too , flowers . ''
his c**k was as limp as a wilted flower and would stay that way .
` ` you are forgiven , '' she said with a grin as sweet as her flowers .
flowers of every color bloomed , petals floating from them and dancing to the ground .
no one has the flowers she wants .
she was currently hanging flowers from the vaulted ceiling .
` ` those flowers are n't centered , b , '' the redheaded kaia called , claiming his attention and stopping the rest of his speech to his charge .
a basket of flowers was clutched in her hands , her too - long nails curling around the handle .
like sea and storms and flowers .
there were flowers woven through the curls , some of the petals missing .
there was a walnut dresser with a crystal vase that glistened in the light seeping through white curtains , portraits of different - colored flowers on the walls and pretty beige carpet on the floor .
there , a few yards ahead , was a large headstone , flowers of every color perched all around it , forming a hidden alcove .
olivia , he saw , was busy rearranging the flowers to pin them in and shield them from prying eyes .
the animals were even now crowding through the flowers and bushes , perhaps drawing the attention of passersby .
in his mind , he 'd seen those words and flowers wrapping around a woman 's waist .
i do n't know that you have a tattoo of flowers there . ''
around her waist were the words to part is to die , and around the words were flowers .
below the blooms , on her thighs , was a butterfly tattoo laced with all the jewel tones of a rainbow , glitter - bright and caught midflight , as if heading into those flowers .
he 'd had those very words and the flowers surrounding them tattooed around his own waist .
the truth was he 'd done it because he 'd seen those words and flowers in his mind , over and over again .
on his lower back were flowers , all kinds of flowers , and the words to part is to die .
on his lower back were flowers , all kinds of flowers , and the words to part is to die .
` ` you do n't cal , you do n't write , and you want hearts and flowers ? ''
she wore a linen robe of lavender this time , flowers of the same color pinned through her hair .
the mattress beneath her was soft and smel ed deliciously of peat smoke and flowers .
had amun picked the flowers from the forest and brought them here , just to ensure her comfort ?
she landed on the flower petals , their softness cushioning the blow .
dewy flowers spilled from colorful vases balanced on every piece of furniture in the room except the bed .
blood family is n't always hearts and flowers , but there 's comfort there .
` ` and lately we are addams family normal - you know , doing the hearts and flowers thing while navigating everything our enemies throw at us . ''
` ` anything , flowers . ''
` ` did you miss me , little flower ? ''
she 'd been walking through the royal garden , plucking the prettiest of the flowers for her mother .
he 'd gently teased her about her blush , picked up the flowers she 'd dropped and gallantly presented them to her , as if she were an eligible and worthy of his attention .
there were three windows , each overlooking the flower garden out back .
far more pain than he 'd expected slashed through him , the scent of overcooked meat overshadowed the fragrance of flowers .
she caught the scent of freshly cut grass and flowers , and the sound of murmuring voices ... voices tapering to a quiet .
she was rosily flushed , a flower dusted with morning dew and someone please stab him and put him out of his misery because he sounded like a deranged poet , but he could n't help himself .
there are multiple flower and vegetable gardens , and there 's a pesky rabbit that likes to ruin both .
twenty - eight the flowers have already appeared in the land , the time has arrived for pruning the vines , and the voice of the turtledove has been heard in our land .
flowers of every color bloomed in lush gardens , sweetly scenting the air .
they stood in the center of a courtyard , lovely plants and flowers thriving all around them .
murals painted along the walls , murals of the sun and flowers and battles .
she might not be some huge , hulking man , but she was no wilting flower , either .
` ` more flowers . ''
plant flowers , cook food , provide a loving home ?
smelling like an ancient garden , all flowers and magic , she tried to stride past me .
` ` beautiful flowers for a beautiful woman , '' i read .
cody was right ; if he 'd had flowers to give me , he would have thrust them into my hands , cupped my chin and raised my mouth for a bruising kiss .
no one but my dad had ever sent me flowers .
the flowers seemed to perk up as sunlight streamed in from the windows .
forcing myself to relax , i toyed with one of the flower petals , letting the velvety softness tickle my fingertips .
while you were arranging your flowers , i stuffed the list in your purse . ''
those thoughts led to the flowers .
muttering under my breath , i stumbled into the kitchen , grabbed the vase , stumbled outside and chucked it , flowers and all , into the garbage .
` ` first the flowers and now candy , '' tanner said .
` ` i called cody to talk some of this out , and he mentioned someone sent you flowers . ''
you want flowers , candy , lingerie ?
despite my confession that i 'd never love him , despite the agents he 'd known would surround us , he 'd brought me to a lovely place with flowers and soft , romantic music .
he was going to escort me , and she was acting as flower girl .
she had flowers in her hair , glued to her dress and her shoes , and the basket she held was overflowing .
` ` i was beginning to think it would never wear off and i would have to leave you here to ... smell flowers , or whatever you wanted to do while you were on that stuff . ''
now that my eyes have adjusted to the light , i can see that the plants in this room were selected for beauty , not practicality - flowers and ivy and clusters of purple or red leaves .
the only flowers i ' ve ever seen are wildflowers , or apple blossoms in the amity orchards .
i think of the flowers inside the compound , and the wood floors , and all the beds in the hotel that are unoccupied , and say , ` ` do you ever help them ? ''
after closer inspection , we realized oliver had a black sharpie flower drawn on his cheek .
` ` i ' m curious about the flower , '' lola said when he 'd settled onto the seat next to her .
oliver shrugged , and it was clear to me he could n't care less that he had a flower drawn on his face .
` ` the flower suits you , '' she said , tilting her head to study him .
i smoothed one of my braids , adjusting the flowers to give my hands something to do .
he stretched his tattooed arm toward me , offering the cue like it was a pretty flower .
going to her house empty - handed seemed rude , so i stopped at a convenience store to buy her flowers .
i wanted friction and she gave me softness , like a flower petal .
no , she was busy , fascinated by some flowers blossoming along the edge of the sidewalk .
i rifled through the bathroom and found tons of other supplies , like the most amazing conditioner , a fresh toothbrush , and a bottle of flower bomb .
` ` i bought you flowers , '' he grumbled .
this is when i ' m supposed to say that flowers would n't buy him a ticket to forgiveness .
` ` what kind of flowers ? ''
penelope , are you seriously worried about what type of flowers he bought you ?
we are not expected to call if we 'll be late for dinner - we do not eat - or bring flowers because the calendar says it is a particular day in the month of february .
the fourteen thrones were carved with different symbols : dragons , flowers , and ...
unfortunately for you - and the rest of us - she is the goddess in charge of happiness , flowers , natural seasoning , sport , winds , grain- '' ` ` that does n't sound so terrible .
had he just called her womanly bit an exquisite flower ?
the exact moment his mouth covered her flower , his free hand slid up her torso and clasped her breast over the fabric of her dress .
the smell of roasting chili peppers and dried flowers from the market in santiago where she 'd once strolled with francisco .
she loved laughter , though she clearly sucked at making jokes ; she loved warm , sunny days and watching flowers bloom .
she scrambled to her bedroom , stripped off her pj 's , and threw on a pink tee , jean shorts , and her favorite little leather belt with the pink flowers .
` ` nice to meet- '' ` ` do women prefer flowers or chocolate ?
i looked up , and on the shelf were several tiny potted flowers that seemed to be reaching for my hand .
i did n't want to go back down there with the heads and weird flowers and other crazy crap that gave me a headache .
i took a last drag of my cigarette and knelt down to stub it out in the flower pot i kept for my butts .
i had hidden my ash tray under an overturned flower pot .
i had been forced to cover a local flower show .
and i had been handed the flower assignment .
` ` so , how was the flower show , ri ? ''
it was like when a husband buys his wife flowers out of the blue .
green vines and fake flowers had been everywhere .
i opened the door to find theo holding the most obscenely large bouquet of flowers i had ever seen .
i dropped the flowers onto the counter and rushed around , trying to find a tissue .
theo looked confused and picked up the bunch of flowers that had set off my sneezing attack .
i was in danger of going into a full - blown allergic reaction if he did n't get the flowers out of my apartment .
i followed theo out to his hummer , making sure to hold my breath as we walked past the discarded flowers .
and i had developed an allergic reaction to his gorgeous flowers , gotten high off antihistamines , and told him all about my former f**k buddy 's package all before running to the bathroom to yak .
the sun was shining , the bees were buzzing , the flowers were blooming .
he held a bundle of beautiful flowers that looked like they had cost as much as a small village .
he handed her the bunch of flowers .
mom came back with the vase of flowers and placed them on the table .
but there i was left , sitting alone like a pathetic wall flower .
because there was no way in hell i 'd ` ` pick flowers '' or ` ` hum a mamas and papas song . ''
the sickeningly sweet smell of decaying food mixed with the scent of flowers made me want to puke .
who really gives a shit about flowers when they were putting the love of their life in the ground ?
it was confirmed that he had gone into the flower shop to order arrangements .
i gripped the bundle of overpriced flowers in my hands and gasped in surprise .
i dropped the flowers on the table inside the door and grabbed my purse .
she answered most of the questions with ` ` i do n't know '' and the rest with doodled flowers .
marcie made a heartfelt toast while i stood in a corner and tried to blend into the jungle of mauve flowers , hoping no one - especially james - noticed how miserable it was making me .
aly followed her mother and father out , took her own rose , and tossed the flower into helene 's open grave .
her flowers ... they were gone .
just outside the window , planters sat barren where flowers had once grown .
flower beds ran the span of the house , and shrubs rose up to flank the freshly painted matching green door .
like the rest of houses in the neighborhood , the lawn was cut short , full and lush , extending from the sidewalk bordering the street to the flower beds blooming below the windows .
she wore denim shorts and a pink t - shirt with flowers and butterflies embroidered across the front .
a few tables sat under the patio , covered in pink tablecloths , each centered with a different fairy tale princess surrounded by fresh - cut flowers .
scott peeked through the crack , pushing the door the rest of the way open with a smal bouquet of handpicked flowers in his hand .
scott handed me the smal bundle of purple , pink , and white flowers , which i thanked him for and took to the kitchen to place in a vase of water .
she held her breath in grief as the soil scattered and showered through the flowers .
i 'd gotten up and cleaned the house , went out in the backyard and puttered around in the flower bed , had showered and changed .
he cupped my hand , crushing the flower slightly .
he ditched the flower and rolled me onto my back , landing beside me , with the grass closing in around us .
they 're too high u- '' david grinned , then ran to the base of a tree trunk , took a small leap , wedging his foot against the bark , and plucked a flower from a vine six or seven feet off the ground .
and it was only as i tucked my hair back , placing the flower behind my ear , that i really noticed the vibrant songs of possibly thousands of different birds and small animals , chiming through the treetops like a symphony .
i straightened the flower behind my ear .
` ` friends and family- '' the rain stopped abruptly and all eyes cast to the heavens for a moment as umbrellas closed , like flowers at dusk , all around me .
i jumped up quickly , butt numb , legs stiff , and grabbed the flower , pressing it to my nose .
i grabbed my diary and pressed the flower between the last pages , then snapped the book shut and sat on my bed in the dull light shining in from the world outside my room .
even if i was about to puke , the cool cave of foliage stole my thoughts enough to make me forget how fast i 'd just travelled , and the fruity tingle of wild flowers filled my senses , making it easier to breathe .
` ` for you , '' he said , tucking my hair back with the flower .
they could see the red rose , sitting in contrast to the white flowers surrounding it - the only colour in this grey little world .
` ` still your favourite flower ? ''
every flower that once was dead bloomed within my heart , and the ashes of my soul circled in on the breeze , finding breath , light among the darkness .
` ` well , you look like the flower . ''
under my thumb , the white flowers stitched into the veil sitting over the chair back felt silky .
vicki shook her head and closed my fingers around the flower .
i drew a sharp intake of breath when i touched my fingers to the flower , feeling the solid , silky petals of a rose - so real , even its scent , as if we were actually standing right here , face to face , hip to hip , breath to breath .
by the time the smell of pancakes came wafting in with the morning heat , there were no petals left on the flower .
` ` passion flower . ''
i squeezed his hand and smiled up at him , feeling the cool flower between us ; in this moment , anything was possible .
they toss flowers at us .
we reach the house , which is a modified ranch house with nice flower beds and no junk around the front , and she gets out of the car before i can say anything , so i call her back .
the time i kissed her on the road on new year 's eve or the time i sent her flowers on valentine 's day were tests , i guess .
over dinner , dad said , ` ` nice flowers .
i thought back to the note he sent with the flowers .
he looked over at the flowers and back at me .
he never explained why he sent me the flowers and i never asked why he took me up to the pagoda .
they had civilized furniture in neutral colors and daffodils around their flower beds .
i sent the flowers early , so they 'd be there when you got home . < br/ > drive car , deliver pizza - tuesday - four to eight i walk out the back door and stand in the fading , dusky sunlight .
the water is deep and blue , fringed with thick forest , but that 's not all : hundreds of flowers line the lake , their flat leaves resting on the water itself and spreading out into the middle of the pool .
the hot glare of the sun through the edge of my shade , the gorgeous blanket of flowers lapping gently around me , the way my every step sends clouds of mud billowing in the clear water ... and reeve , still watching me from the shore .
` ` nothing much , '' i reply , following them to where blake 's shiny blue pickup truck is parked askew , crushing half a bed of flowers .
kayla 's holding up a pair of hideous shorts : khaki , with a red flower print , they reach at least to her knees when she holds them up against her body .
` ` i bet she 's never gotten flowers before . ''
` ` wild flowers are better than stuffy florist bouquets , they 're so pretty .
she yanked brandon 's flowers out of the water and tossed them aside , arranging dakota 's posy in their place .
the whitman house was at the far end of the block : shadowed with elm trees , the front yard deep with weeds and flowers growing wild .
` ` no flowers ?
the front yard is overgrown , flowers dotted around in bunches and a tangle of shrubbery over the door .
she headed toward the dilapidated shed , tucked away behind flower beds and an overgrown vegetable patch .
pascal must have mistaken her silence for disappointment , because he quickly toured the room , proudly showing off the tiny , cobalt - blue bathroom stocked with exclusive bath products and the small balcony , its railings twisted with fragrant flowers .
trailing boxes of flowers surrounded her with a pretty garden , and in the middle of the piazza , a glorious fountain gushed streams of water into a low pool , glinting in the sun .
she was painfully aware of somebody in the front garden of the house opposite , an older woman watering the flower beds from an old - fashioned can .
her hair was twisted into a knot ; a flower , just like those dangling from the pillars , was tucked in - between the loose strands .
' but to me , ' he lifted the flower to his nose .
he tossed the flower into the pond , where it floated like it was sat atop a lily pad and wiped his hand on his white shirt below the waistcoat , leaving a black smear .
besides , they are the flower of the kingdom .
it 's what caused the death 's touch to flower .
a maid replaced the black roses in the vases with fresh white lilies , pressing the petals of the withering flowers between the pages of a heavy book she had placed upon the table .
the light of day at eventide shall fade away ; from out the sod 's eternal gloom the flowers , in their season , bloom ; bud , bloom , and fade , and soon the spot whereon they flourished knows them not ; blighted by chill , autumnal frost ; ashes to ashes , dust to dust ! ''
it was my own palace of leaves , decorated with pinned flowers plucked from the garden or dream - catchers , which i would make endlessly at the desk where the laptop now sat - some of the frail structures had survived , and were now dangling from the eaves of the window , minus the feathers .
all around , wilting flowers lay in mildewed jars .
the flower beds were full of more wire and trellis than actual flowers , dispersed among young shrubs , but once it matured , i thought , it would be a very pretty garden .
the flower beds were full of more wire and trellis than actual flowers , dispersed among young shrubs , but once it matured , i thought , it would be a very pretty garden .
we came to a halt on the veranda , where prince alfie and lady elizabeth rested against the railings beneath the torrent of water that was overflowing from the gutters and down onto the flower beds below , crushing the delicate autumn - flowering snowdrops planted there .
he turned and examined one of the flowers for a moment , glancing back with mischievous eyes and a lopsided , angular grin .
i returned to addressing the soaked garden , eyes fixed on the lawn beyond the flower beds , which was collecting water in puddles because the ground was becoming saturated .
i moved to the next bunch of flowers , these a mix of roses and carnations in muted gold and yellow surrounded by ferns .
i moved to the brightest set of flowers , these a group of tall yellow roses in a clear vase , sent by the duchy of victoria .
by far the largest bunch of flowers were the roses arranged to imitate the duchy of england 's insignia , a mix of red and magically withered golden roses and fake death 's touch - a thoughtful gesture , given the humans in the household .
it stated the flowers were from the entire royal family , but when i checked the signature , it looked like it was signed in the king 's own hand .
it looked like my father had harvested every flower still alive in our garden in the november chill .
i send flowers to funerals and such . ''
a maid remained , tidying and arranging the many flowers and gifts that had been brought to burrator from autumn 's home .
` ` the flowers look nice in this room , with all the light , '' autumn commented , spreading her hands across the sheets to flatten them .
there were wilting flowers placed in mildewed jars , which i cast away , and fresher ones , too , placed among fading photographs of her , of me ... even of the manderley mansion she despised so much .
i hoisted myself up , careful not to knock over any of the flowers , and slowly made my way back down the aisle toward edmund , who weakly smiled and said , ` ` ready ? ''
` ` send that man flowers , '' ty ordered .
as he 'd looked around the setting , turning his back to the monuments to look back out at the yard , a grave covered with stacks of fresh flowers had snared his attention .
rivulets dappled the colored flowers that were placed along some of the gravestones , and zane 's gaze went soft and unfocused .
rain on flowers .
` ` we can open up a flower shop and sell black - market orchids from the back , '' he offered with a slight hitch in his voice .
a deliveryman with flowers .
he had walked up and down the sidewalk several times , hoping to draw attention , as ty and julian had slipped inside in a flower delivery van .
we sent flowers to the hospital .
in truth , he had no idea if his father had gotten those flowers .
zane took the steps three at a time as bullets tore up the facade , splintering the wood and sending flowers spilling from broken pots .
he laughed , remembering the day ty had suggested they cut and run to start a flower shop together and sell black - market orchids out of the back .
without the vest , the sharp petals of the flower would slice through flesh two to three times the size of the original bullet .
her hair holds the scent of vanilla and flowers , a country meadow blinks through my mind like some long forgotten dream that i struggle to remember .
her sugary perfume does its best to asphyxiate me , a toxic combination of cotton candy and spring flowers .
` ` laken - you look beautiful , '' he whispers , taking me in like an exotic flower .
in fact , i sort of wish she freaked the hell out and beat me senseless for ever opening up to him like a flower .
he turns page after page of me by a window , me by the pool , in the meadow bathed in sunlight with a wreath of flowers in my hair .
` ` i could be the flower girl .
i ' m dying to be a flower girl . ''
i ' m sure he 'll find a bride sooner than later and make all of his sister 's flower girl dreams come true .
maybe i 'll bring her some flowers . ''
he presses himself into the pages of my heart like a dark exotic flower .
i want to remember her this way , beautiful , happier than i ' ve ever seen her , with flowers magically floating around her .
10 scare tactics ally thursday morning , kendall and i decide to run out and pick up flowers for the rehearsal dinner .
lauren meets up with us at the flower market , and we walk up and down the multicolored aisles perfumed with an abundance of all the things that make my allergies sing .
i toss the flower back into the bucket .
swear to god if she says she had a one - night stand with cal i 'll run up and down the aisles and start overturning these happy little flower buckets .
the lawn is rolling and lush , decorated with flower petals the girls picked up this afternoon .
skin , smooth and pale , a beautiful flower , my mouth dips down inch by inch , hour by hour .
last week , gage bought me flowers , and emma got wind of it .
emma was n't merely seeing innocent flowers being exchanged as a small token of her son 's affection , she was seeing innocent lilies morphing into a dozen vaginas and penises .
i end with the war , with skyla and me fighting elbow to elbow , the day we tossed the flowers into the ocean , right here at rockaway , after logan 's memorial .
she lands her lips onto mine , crushing the flowers between us .
the room holds the scent of spring flowers and stale pizza .
i scowl at tad as he meanders into the party with his tie - dye shirt and flower power bellbottoms .
the petals give off a strong , lush scent - far better than any damn flower on earth could ever smell .
gone are the gorgeous flower arrangements and rose trellises , replaced with every tacky accessory from the local party supply shop , complete with cardboard cutouts of witches and ghosts staked along the yard .
i guess the floats they ' ve used in the past had some mechanical breakdown , but logan , gage , and about six other guys offered to have their gas - guzzlers emasculated with paper flowers in order to save the day .
logan leans against the truck and accidentally unhitches the entire row of flowers i just spent the last fifteen minutes meticulously adhering .
haul it over , and get that flower power going on , '' she says before heading back to bark out orders to unsuspecting seniors .
` ` logan is like a flower .
when you pick a flower , you do n't just throw it back in the garden .
my face gets buried in her hair , and i take in her warm scent , coconut and flowers .
tonight is pristine , a flower getting ready to press into the recesses of our minds .
funeral flowers .
` ` you do n't look so bad yourself , '' i say before taking in the citrus scent of the flower .
i would give you every flower on earth if i could .
we do a full - blown donut as we twist into the oliver driveway just before logan plows through emma 's flower garden .
chloe is but a minion , '' he says , carefully uncovering soil until long tendrils of hair rise out of the dirt like the silken roots of a flower .
sadness blossoms like a flower under the warm supervision of logan 's morbid sunlight .
an exotic flower arrangement sits on the end table next to his bed and distracts me long enough to break the spell .
birds and tigers , flowers , queens , and laughing jesters , everyone sports a unique covering that marshall chose expressly for them .
i drive downtown just missing the oncoming storm and purchase flowers from the gift shop before taking the elevator up .
and yet , something in my soul leans toward gage like a wilted flower begging for light .
the look of ecstasy explodes over his face , as though he had just sampled the most exotic flower .
i was so afraid that i would lose them both - that everything we built together would be reduced to memories , useless as pressed flowers .
the storm has blown over , and the white pristine breath of god once again finds a home on paragon , cradling us like a child with a flower before it mercilessly plucks off the petals .
foliage and flowers i have never seen before crawl along either side of the walk .
a spray of pink open - faced flowers i ' ve never seen before dots the delicate black ivy - an entire gazebo covered with lavender wisteria demands our attention off the back .
do consider repaying his devotion - toss a flower out to sea , light a candle in the window , commit to your specialty and make irrational promises that you have little intention on keeping - a sexual favor , a body - the standard fare .
in my mind i make flowers out of the smaller less aggressive clouds , the textured dark coils become exotic blooms that take a foreign shape , they have no name , no color .
she links her arm into his , and they delve deeper into the flower garden together .
i ' m left alone , dangling , with my cheer skirt wrapped around my waist like a closed up flower .
the strong scent of jasmine fills my senses as we make our way past the flower garden that borders the property .
we watch the waves fold over themselves as we throw flowers in the water .
actually , it 's flowers , and vines , and thorns , and bodies ?
it 's me , walking down a long white aisle with flower petals at my feet .
when i showed up at devil 's peak to hang out , he brought me flowers !
i ring the bell impatiently as drake backs sloppily out of the driveway taking out an entire row of purple flowers that , moments ago , happily dotted the periphery .
she 's become a wilted flower , a terrible wasted thing of beauty .
she looks down at it in disbelief as a pool of crimson blooms across her white shirt like a flower .
she smells like wild flowers , not the expensive perfume i usually choke on - just sweet nature , a breath of fresh air all the way around .
i lean into the flowers and take a quick sniff and moan .
` ` he bought her flowers . ''
` ` he 's bringing flowers . ''
he hands her the flowers .
he asks as evelyn plucks the coffee and flowers from his hands .
she clip - clops her way back , tossing the flowers onto her desk , and a handful of petals rain to my feet .
i ' m not the one with flowers . ''
he shrugs off his efforts like they were no big deal when we both know they were - candles , flowers , and bedding are n't things typical guys would remember to bring along on a date .
you could as easily find ecstasy in the silence as you could in a scream , it could be locked in a beautiful flower , the scent of a fragrant spring morning .
you need flowers and candles - everything that comes with it . ''
you could find it just as easily in the silence as you could anywhere - it could be in the face of a perfect flower , in the scent of a fragrant spring morning .
a vase full of wild flowers sits on the table , and my heart melts at the sight .
he shrugs off his efforts like they were no big deal when we both know they were - candles , flowers , and bedding are n't things a typical guy would remember to bring along on a date .
a plethora of flowers sit on each table - white roses with a sprig of asparagus flowers thrown in for color .
a plethora of flowers sit on each table - white roses with a sprig of asparagus flowers thrown in for color .
if it makes you feel better , i can tell her the flowers were from the both of us . ''
i would have bought you flowers first . ''
i hold out the flowers as she jumps into my arms .
she swats me over the arm with her flowers .
i hand him the bouquet of flowers we picked up on the way over - a fall arrangement with miniature pumpkins and fat orange leaves woven throughout a dozen yellow roses .
he lays the flowers over the stone before pulling a piece of paper from his pocket .
` ` honestly ames , they come parading in like he 's the stem to their flower ! ''
she pointed down to her crotch area and winked , ` ` and us lovely women like to refer to our goods as flowers . ''
he may not be the perfect guy that has only had two girlfriends in his life and likes to buy me flowers and chocolates .
my eyes left adrian 's smiling face as they found their way to amy 's disgusted expression as she poked at the flower patterned sofa she was standing beside .
` ` i ' ve got the reception planned out and the flower arrangements !
` ` you smell like flowers on a spring day . ''
` ` jill called me last night , said she delivered dinner and flowers to your place at ty 's request . ''
i turn and head for the kitchen to put the flowers in water .
my finger follows the circle of a yin - and - yang symbol as i remember the look on my mother 's face when the flowers would bloom in late summer .
so when they died , it made sense to get the flowers for both of them . ''
when i open the door , a huge bouquet of red roses with pink stargazer lilies greets me , along with mr . feldman from the flower shop .
i grin at mrs . blakely , who hands me a bag full of goodies from her deli , along with an armful of flowers and a bottle of wine .
` ` you bought me flowers . ''
` ` i decided on the rose of sharon because it means something special to you , and for me because i 'll never go another day in my life without thinking of you when i see these flowers .
candles and flowers : check .
i plant sweet kisses over his skin to his right shoulder , down to the freshly healed flower on his inner arm .
chapter two i ' m out and about , delivering framed photos of flowers and beach scenes to the restaurants and shops along alki beach .
` ` does she prefer flowers or scenery ? ''
` ` probably flowers . ''
i smile to myself , enjoying his nearness now that i do n't feel threatened by him , and select four photos of flowers , all different kinds and colors , and arrange them in a square for him to see .
i move up and down the path getting different angles , stopping to adjust my settings and take shots of flowers and spider webs and other things that catch my eye .
i tuck the note in my pocket and help jules bring all of the flowers inside , scattering them all over the house .
going back to the flowers , i ca n't help but fuss over them and bury my nose in a soft , fragrant bloom .
` ` yes , she 's passionate about flowers , '' he responds and i ca n't help but smirk .
and i enjoy taking day trips around the area to take photos of flowers and just pretty things in general . ''
i hand her the flowers and luke ushers me out of the house .
i smile as i remember the flowers , the coffee , dinner last night .
he wraps his arms around my middle as i arrange the flowers in a vase .
after getting out of the car , i reach in the backseat for two bouquets of flowers , lilies for my dad and sunflowers for my mom .
i place the flowers beneath their names and then sit back on my heels and look up .
neil will place it by lucy 's favorite flower garden at home .
all these flowers and foot rubs and champagne and you , my handsome boyfriend . ''
` ` what are we going to do about all the flowers outside ? ''
i walk over to the glass door and gaze out at my beautiful flowers , trying to shake my melancholy mood now that i know luke will be leaving overnight next week .
i go out onto the deck and sniff my flowers .
mrs . glover comes breezing efficiently into my office , carrying a large bouquet of colorful mixed flowers .
i wanted to send you flowers , but it would n't be appropriate here . ''
i arrange my flowers and put them on the breakfast bar where i can admire them .
thank you for the beautiful flowers .
i take the flowers and ride the elevator back up to my floor and set the flowers in my office .
i take the flowers and ride the elevator back up to my floor and set the flowers in my office .
but i push my hand in my pocket and run my fingers over the note that came with will 's flowers , and i know that i do n't want to stay .
for the flowers , and being with me all night , even though you did n't know you were . ''
he follows me into the kitchen where i put the flowers in the water .
` ` the twins were adorable flower girls , '' i remark .
` ` we 're going to talk dresses and shoes and flowers all day . ''
but instead of the modern , sleek , cold home i was expecting , i ' m met with big , inviting furniture in reds and blues , plants and flowers , fashion magazines on the coffee table , her laptop closed on the couch .
when it 's finished , i start on the flowers .
there are shrubs lining the driveway , and flower gardens here and there .
bix sighs as i begin the story about a bull who is content to just sit and smell the flowers under his favorite cork tree .
i got this '' -i point to the bright flowers on my right shoulder- '' on my twentieth birthday . ''
` ` absolutely , '' i reply as i brush light kisses down her neck to her shoulder , where i can trace the beautiful pink flowers inked on her skin as i pull free from her body and get ready to take us both to the edge of sanity .
i walk into natalie 's room with a bouquet of flowers that i spent way too much money on in the gift shop .
` ` you brought me flowers ! ''
i stop in my tracks and stare at her , standing up near the closed casket that 's covered in all of addie 's favorite flowers , talking with the pastor .
` ` we need to get her flowers , '' nat says .
she passes her flowers to her mom when she hugs and kisses her before joining leo on the small stage .
sometimes the dance instructors receive flowers after a recital .
except , i do n't do hearts and flowers .
you 're meeting with the peterson couple to go over their flowers , right ? ''
blake 's staff has set it up to look exactly like the tables that meg has chosen for her reception , complete with the centerpiece of her flowers of choice .
` ` i can cut back on the flowers . ''
` ` oh , and remember when he left all those flowers on our front porch after he screwed up that time ? ''
` ` with the colors of the vines and the mountains , we do n't need many flowers out here .
i ' m going to have my construction crew build a simple arbor at that far end and i 'll have the florist weave some flowers into that . ''
she 's changed her flower choices four times already , and her wedding is in three months .
i inch close to her , drag the petals of the flower , then my fingertips , down her soft cheek and grin when she presses closer to my touch , as if even in sleep she 's drawn to me .
she opens one eye half - mast , snags the flower and snuggles it next to her cheek , sniffing it , then wiggles down further into the covers .
i ' m not going to lie to myself and try to think that i ' m suddenly a hearts and flowers kind of girl .
` ` romance is n't about proving to someone you love them with flowers and greeting cards and chocolate .
` ` greeting the florist for tomorrow 's flowers , and meeting with her about saturday 's flowers .
` ` greeting the florist for tomorrow 's flowers , and meeting with her about saturday 's flowers .
the flowers meg chose as her wedding flowers , tiger lilies , roses and calla lilies , serve as centerpieces .
the flowers meg chose as her wedding flowers , tiger lilies , roses and calla lilies , serve as centerpieces .
i do n't think i ' m particularly threatening and it 's not as if nastya comes across like some delicate flower .
it had black shutters and in every window there were window boxes filled so full with startling red geraniums , you could n't tell where one flower stopped and the other started .
it was hidden down a cobbled alley , had a front window that was just two feet up from the cobbles , the window filled mostly with a window box chock full of dazzling flowers .
she 'd put on a muted rose - coloured cardigan which had a thin , lilac ribbon embroidered with flowers running one side of the buttons .
she loved it there , she kept the flowers in the window box and tubs outside bright and cheerful all year long .
` ` fazire will need something to wear and then there are flowers .
it 's the indiana state flower , did you know that ? ''
she found him in their back garden , now lushly appointed with planters , pots and beds brimming with flowers and greenery , all of this well - tended by a weekly gardener .
she turned her back on him , opened the door and fled as fast as her feet would carry her ( which was n't very fast seeing as , for confidence - building purposes , she 'd put on a pair of fancy , strappy , hot pink , high - heeled sandals with a big flower at the toe to go with her fancy , body - skimming , hot pink sundress ) .
lorna came forward and handed lily her bouquet made of full , white , fat , fragrant peonies , becky 's favourite flower .
then she donned a bright pink , long sleeved henley that had a ribbon with flowers sewn down the buttoned slit at the collar which did n't fit her like it was made for her , was n't surprisingly the perfect color for her and did n't make her look really good even though she 'd never have guessed it ( even though it did all that ) .
these were all nestled in between wide , clean sidewalks with lampposts on which hooked hanging planters and big , stylish pots on the walks all dripping colorful flowers .
she 'd have a damask tablecloth , perfectly clean and unwrinkled and a silver candelabrum and fresh - cut flowers from the garden she tended that she 'd arranged herself .
` ` i ' m canceling that big bouquet of flowers and three - layers - deep box of fannie may i ordered for the nurse 's station ! ''
having to keep his shit together after her sister spent a week and a half in a hospital bed and the bitch did not even send flowers was not something he had the patience to do maybe ever , but definitely not then .
planters attached to the brick of the building from street level all the way up and over the recessed door to the restaurant , dripping with flowers and greenery , same with two tall , attractive planters on either side of the railings .
i knew this when i 'd come home to flowers .
there were pots filled with thriving flowers and greenery all over the place .
each table had several huge bouquets of balloons floating up from them down their lengths and big bouquets of flowers in the middle .
i did this mostly because the back of the room was made up of windows , which had a fabulous view of a flawless green lawn that had pots and flower beds filled with vibrant color and greenery , and beyond that , a massive , tranquil lake , one of many in indiana .
` ` my beautiful flower , '' he started , and i did n't even know what he was going to say , but the way he started made me deep breathe in an effort not to start crying .
lots of white chairs , the outside of the rows connected at the ends with green and purple ribbons , some chairs holding a trailing bunch of flowers that were cream and purple , the flowers also decorating the inside row of chairs but without the ribbons .
lots of white chairs , the outside of the rows connected at the ends with green and purple ribbons , some chairs holding a trailing bunch of flowers that were cream and purple , the flowers also decorating the inside row of chairs but without the ribbons .
on the arm of her father , holding a massive , fluffy bouquet with what he could see were cream roses , the big flowers from the table decorations last night but in white , and little violets , vi was walking down the aisle .
he said , ` ` you give what you give to your girls , the love you got for your son , your sense of humor and whatever drives you to plant little flowers along your walk to some guy , merrick 'll see you givin ' it and he 'll kick his own ass . ''
flowers , fantastical shit she imagined in her head , landscapes of their farm , sketches of her family and mike .
this was why , even with as busy as she always was , at her classes , with her horses , on her horses , digging in all her pots ( she might not take care of her land but she liked to be outside with her flowers ) and working in the shed , she never could shift that extra ten pounds she carried .
there were no flowers , butterflies or portraits of loved ones .
i was also doing this because i had a beautiful arrangement of flowers in my bedroom in the farmhouse .
a surprise delivery that came yesterday afternoon from janet 's flower shop .
next day , i get asked why she does n't get any flowers .
i have n't bought jerra flowers since i pissed her off when we were datin ' and fell asleep durin ' some crappy - ass movie she forced me to take her to sayin ' that movie was hollywood 's version of us .
and he did this yesterday afternoon when another delivery boy arrived from janet 's flower shop .
getting those flowers and note , i did n't squeal inside .
i 'd had men give me flowers and i did n't know if janet was just super talented or mike had fantastic taste because i might have had flowers but never any as strikingly beautiful as the ones mike sent .
i 'd had men give me flowers and i did n't know if janet was just super talented or mike had fantastic taste because i might have had flowers but never any as strikingly beautiful as the ones mike sent .
mike was thoughtful , definitely , but he did n't strike me as a flowers type of guy .
i ' m telling you that her report on flowers for algernon could be published . ''
they were not pieces you would take home and use to put flowers in or serve up mashed potatoes .
with mom helping with the housework not to mention working in the window boxes and planters dotted around the large grassy space in the yard getting them ready for flowers , rhonda had even less focus .
mom was at bobbie 's garden shoppe buying flowers .
in the corner was the big , fluffy , faded flower print armchair that used to be in fin 's mom and dad 's room that clarisse said was the only thing in that room she would keep .
* mike stood , bent at the waist , hands on the counter , eyes on the blonde haired little girl in her kelly green flower girl dress with a dish towel wrapped around her front sitting on the counter in front of him .
layne grinned and lifted his face from her neck but did n't move away when he asked , ` ` flowers ? ''
you do n't have dinner with the ladies without buyin ' 'em flowers , '' dev put in and layne smiled at him .
violet had a way with flowers and her backyard was a showstopper .
it went up the middle of her foot and it had a bunch of flowers on it .
there was a huge , flamboyant bouquet of purple flowers - roses mixed with dainty violets - on my welcome mat .
` ` talk us through this , '' he ordered the minute i arrived , his head jerking to the flowers .
` ` you been gettin ' flowers ? ''
` ` you get anything , flowers , gifts , calls , hang ups , you think someone 's followin ' you in your car , you think someone 's watchin ' you , you even get a bad f**kin ' feelin ' , you report it to colt or me .
` ` you deal with the flowers , '' then to colt , ` ` get her outta here . ''
i snapped but joe was moving away , sully was moving toward the flowers and colt had hold of my arm .
on the other hand , i suspected colt was angry because he knew how this felt , having some creepy psycho sending flowers .
colt had called while he was gone , reporting there were no more flowers and vi had n't received any further gifts .
` ` they act like they 're cool but those flowers scared them . ''
` ` girl , a man does not get like he got when those flowers were delivered when it 's nothin ' but a convenient next door booty call . ''
` ` colt got intense when the flowers were delivered too , '' i reminded her .
` ` since the flowers ?
i 'd bought bunches of terracotta pots in every size and they were everywhere , stuffed full of flowers of all colors and varieties .
i had a way with flowers , always did .
i had a part - time job in a florist shop before tim died because i loved flowers .
you do good flowers . ''
so i put my feet up in the chair , looked at my gorgeous grass and my pretty flower pots and , as i sipped my wine , i decided to see what saturday might bring .
she had little and big pots of flowers all around , bright colors , vibrant , alive .
a little giggle escaped me at the idea of joe wearing a shirt with flowers on it .
i looked across joe 's yard , my yard and i saw tina blackstone in her yard , wearing a nightie and a robe , watering the flowers in her big , half - barrel , wooden tubs on her deck .
she was watering her flowers but her eyes were n't on her flowers , they were on me and even a yard away , i saw her mouth hanging open .
she was watering her flowers but her eyes were n't on her flowers , they were on me and even a yard away , i saw her mouth hanging open .
but who would have thought tina would be out in her yard on a sunday morning before eight o'clock watering her flowers ?
her flowers were nice which was surprising , she did n't seem the type to have a green thumb or even give a shit .
even i , before joe , was n't out on a sunday before eight o'clock watering my flowers .
they saw the flowers but they do n't know about the box .
they acted okay after the initial freak out of the flowers but i know it bothered them .
now i had two of her friends and her neighbor who all wanted me to work in their gardens , planting fall flowers and setting it up with bulbs for spring then coming back and sorting it out for the summer .
` ` she picked a pink shirt , '' cal told him then added , ` ` with flowers on it . ''
it destroyed my whole deck vision with my wrought iron furniture and flowers so it was hidden in a corner .
` ` hey there , my beautiful flower . ''
he rested a hip against the railing and crossed his arms on his chest while he watched his uncle reach a hand out to one of vi 's pots of flowers that was sitting on the railing .
vinnie dropped his hand before he touched the bright , healthy flowers spilling up , out and down the sides of the pot and his eyes went to cal .
` ` vi 's good with flowers , '' vinnie remarked as his gaze took in the rest of the deck .
watering my flowers in a bikini and all sorts of shit .
i 'd see you waterin ' your flowers in a bikini , i 'd come onto you and you 'd go prude and freeze me out . ''
` ` bloody scene , carnage , but on pete 's nightstand was a pristine bouquet of flowers , no blood on them , set there after the mess was made , '' he paused , before he clipped out , ` ` tulips . ''
tulips were feb 's favorite flowers .
` ` dead end on the flowers .
he coulda got the flowers from anywhere , seein ' as they 're in season .
to this day spring meant tulips to colt and sometimes when he was n't paying attention and did n't have control of the path of his thoughts , he 'd see them , at a grocery store , in janet 's flower shop window , and think , i 'll pick those up for feb , before he could stop himself .
she 'd worn one the other night and tonight she had on a sturgis motorcycle rally t - shirt , its army green fabric featuring a display of grinning skulls interlinked with flowers at the chest .
they had custom - made wood plaques with flowers painted on them on the front of their houses that proudly announced the jones 's lived there ( or whoever ) .
others still were seasonal , orange , brown and gold leaf designs in fall , pastel flowers in spring , easter eggs , halloween witches , christmas poinsettias or snowmen .
someone had spent some cake on the wedding if that dress and her flowers were anything to go by .
they had delicate chains and from one dangled a chunky , oblong charm proclaiming her a ` ` party doll '' , the other one a disc , not chunky , with a heart made out of hammered copper on it , a flower etched around the edges of the heart , the word on it contradicting her other charm , announcing the complexity of the woman wearing them .
` ` feb 's giving us an impromptu frittata morning , '' mom announced , hitting the kitchen and the coffeepot too , wearing her mom nightgown that was cotton and had cap sleeves , little flowers embroidered around the neck .
regardless of the fact that he now had a newly painted guest bedroom with bed , dresser and a huge print of a f**king basket of flowers over the bed , jack and jackie had made it clear they did n't intend to be the third and fourth wheel while feb and colt were exploring their new situation .
` ` colt - '' ` ` and find some way to lose that f**kin ' picture of flowers your mother put in the second bedroom . ''
she wants to sleep under flowers ?
` ` food , a band , dancing , a shitload of flowers and you in a white dress , '' colt told her , pressing her hand flat to his chest and her eyes went to his as his arm curled back around her waist to hold her body close .
` ` she ca n't have flowers or- '' ` ` i 'll just bring me , '' i assured him .
i knew this when he sent me a fabulous flower arrangement after i 'd set up the arrangements of his first video , a magnum of champagne after the second , the original sheet framed of lyrics he 's jotted down to my favorite bounce song the third and a pair of diamond stud earrings the last .
his eyes caught on the pink of the walls and his mind brought up an image of that room which was almost all flowers , the armchair by the window , the cover on the bed , the toss pillows that were everywhere .
there were even faded pictures of flowers in frames on the walls .
with all that pink and all those flowers , it was a wonder his testosterone levels did n't take a nosedive the instant he entered the room .
he could definitely do it in a room filled with flowers .
his mind was no longer on flowers but on the red silk nightie she was wearing .
but contradictory to the cheerful flowers , the words ` ` enter and die ! ''
all those flowers ... '' i trailed off as i shook my head on the pillow .
and jake and josie 's room at the top floor had not one single f**king flower in it .
esther opened the door in front of us and in we went to another room , this clearly a bathroom slash dressing room with a fabulous light blue , suede - covered chaise lounge in the corner , a three paneled screen that had a beautifully stitched tapestry depicting a snowy - mountain landscape with a cloud - free sky , three dark wood , carved wardrobes on three different walls , a table with a gorgeous porcelain basin adorned with delicate blue flowers , a matching pitcher on a shelf underneath it , a roaring fire in another beautifully carved , stone mantel fireplace , another heavily - carved , full - length oval mirror and a big , oval copper tub in the middle with one side swayed back with a fluffy , ice blue , cotton - covered pillow tied to holes in the copper where you could lay your head when you lounged back .
the middle where the stairs led was a huge hall , down the center of which were five , large , gleaming dark wood tables which , for the party , would hold massive displays of blooms from the palace 's greenhouses ( there were four gargantuan greenhouses where the palace gardeners grew everything from flowers and plants to adorn the house , to vegetables and fruits forced to grow out of season in order to feed its occupants and guests - they even had apple , pear , plum and peach trees in one , lime , lemon , grapefruit and orange in another and tangles of blackberry and raspberry vines in yet another ) .
then flowers were thrown , just petals but the deeper we got into the daxshee , the more people there were , the more petals drifted around us until they were all i could see .
then they poured some milky substance in it , some oil , swirled it around and dropped flower petals on top .
she turned to me and put her hands to her h*ps and i was pleased the milky water and floating flower blossoms covered me up to my chest .
she moved toward me carrying her cup and her eyes did n't leave mine as i sat in the warm , fragrant tub with flower blossoms floating around and stared at her in shock at the same time my belly did n't dip , it warmed ... as did my heart .
throughout this , i sat on my white throne and often people would approach , children , adults , the elderly , and all of them had flowers or petals .
their eyes would go to their dax , they 'd receive his consent ( an arrogant jerk of the chin , by the by ) and these flowers or petals would be tossed at me feet or in my lap or anywhere around my chair so that now i had a pile of them around me everywhere .
i had flowers but no conversation .
and , i had to admit , it did n't feel crap in the slightest that people rained flowers on me .
the woman moved forward and laid a flower carefully on the hides well away from me or my girls then she scuttled back , her eyes shooting in lahn 's direction and back to me as her boy sang .
the women all held flowers and as i approached zephyr jacanda handed me a beautiful , vibrant orange bloom that looked like a tiger lily except with twice as many petals .
we stopped close to the pyre and i saw that the wood leading up to the top was mingled heavily with flowers , hundreds of them of all colors , shapes and sizes , even the body had flowers resting on it from those who had been able to toss their blooms that high .
we stopped close to the pyre and i saw that the wood leading up to the top was mingled heavily with flowers , hundreds of them of all colors , shapes and sizes , even the body had flowers resting on it from those who had been able to toss their blooms that high .
then my women and i approached the pyre , each of us lost ourselves in a moment of reflection before , in our time , we laid our flowers in the wood .
he needs to back off , start wooing her , take meals with her , bring her presents , flowers , candy , jewelry .
there were window boxes and brightly colored pots on small balconies and at the sides of doors that were filled with vivid flowers and trailing greenery ( i had to say , there were n't many of these , korwahk clearly was n't filled with green thumbs - but there was enough to break up the cream , add a splash of color and give your eyes a beautiful surprise ) .
i could create thunder , lightning , rain , flowers and rainbows .
also , the people of korwahn or travelers who had heard the news of my enforced rest who were passing through korwahn put flowers on our doorstep in hopes of me safely delivering the heir to the golden dynasty .
there were also an abundance of flower beds of every shape and size , ditto with flower pots and hanging planters .
there were also an abundance of flower beds of every shape and size , ditto with flower pots and hanging planters .
there were flowers here , there and everywhere , willy - nilly , on the house , on the cobbles , in the lush , green lawns .
and as we got closer , it got more unbelievable for it , like my ( or the other cora 's ) house , was filled with flower beds , window boxes and planters burgeoning with thriving blooms everywhere .
every flower .
even at our distance ( we were still quite far away ) , i could see flowers burgeoning everywhere .
a huge castle shooting straight in the air made of a mellow cream stone with an abundance of arched windows that blinked in the waning sun , high turrets piercing the sky with colorful pennants flying , balconies here , there and everywhere dripping with flowers through their contrasting ivory - stoned balustrades - the entire building made of smooth , rounded edges and circles .
but his voice was fading away as the horse and i galloped through the flowers .
and all of the buildings had flowers everywhere , blooming out of window boxes and pots on sills and steps and on flowering shrubbery .
there were beautiful pictures of flowers on the walls and graceful vases or figurines here and there .
i dropped the cloak and gloves to an overstuffed flower print chair and turned my full attention to her .
another identical , but smaller , vase held the same flowers and sat on the edge of the bar that separated the kitchen from the seating area .
abby took it and saw it was a glass amulet surrounded with ornate silver filigree and filled with powder and what looked like flower petals , suspended from a thin , leather thong .
he did n't want to but once the conversation turned to catering and flowers , abby saw his impatience and urged him to go .
true , he would have preferred julia to be spending her time choosing flower arrangements , drafting wedding invitations and spending long nights squirming under him as he did all of the delicious things he fully intended to do to her .
and then he stopped and his gaze shifted to the flowers .
` ` oh , for f**k 's sake , '' douglas finished tersely and he walked forward , threw the flowers unceremoniously on the table as he passed , grabbed her upper arm and yanked her unresisting body away from the flames .
i heard about gavin and - '' sean was also surveying the room , julia 's dress and the flowers and the cosy scene finally dawned on him making his face get red .
many years later , william fairfax , baron blackbourne , insisted to her husband that she be buried in the family plot and he made certain flowers were delivered to her grave every week .
` ` hi flower , '' sibyl called back , her voice sounding strained .
the care of the entire family rested on flower 's ten year old shoulders , evidenced by the fact that her three brothers were , at that very moment , fighting in the back corner of the hall .
` ` good call , flower , '' sibyl enthused , lying through her teeth .
the smile stayed where it was as sibyl recounted flower , katie and their friends ' antics in the hall .
as he got out and walked to the front door , he noted that all the windows had window boxes and they 'd already been planted with early spring flowers that tangled with dangling ivy .
she did taste as fantastic as she felt and smelled ( tonight , she smelled of fruit and flowers and it was a thoroughly intoxicating scent ) .
` ` miss sibyl , '' flower was calling to her , her voice plaintive , ` ` we ca n't get that last part right . ''
she loved her garden , with its flagstone paths and beautifully laid flower beds that were carefully created to look wild .
it seemed her only extravagance was that she always kept expensive fresh flowers on her dining room table this , he thought ( correctly ) was an unconscious show of love to her father , but as lovely as they were , she was not spending fifty thousand pounds on them .
i give you , flower , katie , emma and cheryl , the greasy girls ! ''
sibyl looked at flower who was staring at sibyl with her heart in her eyes and sibyl 's own heart melted .
colin saw the yellow box with flowers and oriental writing on it and smelled the pungent , weird aroma and knew that sibyl was drinking the asian organic hot drink she sipped on a frequent basis .
whatever it smelled like , if he kissed her after she drank it , she tasted of flowers .
now , he pulled up outside her cottage and alighted from his car , seeing around him the flowers of full spring blooming everywhere .
` ` wait a second flower , where 's your mother ? ''
` ` she forgot , '' flower quickly explained with a deftness borne of practice .
` ` i walked , '' flower answered ` ` by yourself ? ''
scarlett was saved from the edge of sibyl 's tongue by flower 's arrival .
scarlett slid in beside him after she made sure flower was buckled in the back and they took her to her nan 's , which was further away than he expected .
she smelled of flowers and musk and he felt his groin tighten .
colin 's eyes searched for sibyl and found her , two terraces up , racing in a patch of lawn with flower , three younger boys and jemma 's two children .
it was threaded liberally with flowers and he thought , with pleasure and unusual whimsy , that she looked somewhat like a nymph .
she looked so pretty in that cream dress with the pink flowers in her long , golden hair .
` ` and i ' m the flower girl ! ''
` ` it smells pretty , like flowers , '' sally commented .
with everyone watching in stunned , avid silence , he whirled her around and manhandled her into his range rover with sally alternately skipping and dancing behind them , swinging her empty flower girl basket .
she was tugging sally 's flower girl dress over her head when she felt her wet hair swept over one shoulder and then she felt prentice 's hand at her waist at the same time she felt his lips at the nape of her neck .
` ` we ' ve got a plan , '' mikey cut in , moving toward the sheet of sticker decals that would adorn the princess castle with printed stone and abundant flowers .
her flower girl basket was bigger than a breadbox and stuffed so full , she could barely carry it , '' jason went on , pulling her closer , swirling her around .
therefore they walked up a short flight steps to get to her door , each step held a pot of burgeoning flowers .
i looked to lee but he was staring at the flowers , his face tight .
colorful flowers grew healthy along the front , black wrought iron fence , down the wooden fence at the side and in the beds in front of their porch .
i 'd planted flowers in my flower beds but they were being choked by weeds , had not been watered in days , looked dry and close to death .
i 'd planted flowers in my flower beds but they were being choked by weeds , had not been watered in days , looked dry and close to death .
the fuchsia basket that tod bought me to balance the look of the duplex was bedraggled and only in slightly better shape than the flower beds because it did n't have weeds attacking it .
i hunkered down to weed my front flower bed , got into it about three feet and decided to take a break .
after visiting ally , i went home , cleaned my house , went through my mail and watered my yard and flowers .
` ` i watered your flowers , '' i told him .
i arranged the flowers i got at fresh and wild in the vase i purchased .
` ` fucking hell , india savage wants hearts and flowers . ''
hearts and flowers !
` ` i do n't do hearts and flowers but i promise you wo n't be disappointed . ''
he said he did n't do hearts and flowers but that was before he told me to change my clothes in front of eddie .
i had a coffee cup in one hand and the hose in the other hand , the spray gun locked down and i was watering my flowers .
` ` i ' m watering the flowers , '' i told him .
i looked toward the spray and saw that i was aiming a little high , the force of the flow was hitting the fence and running down , not hitting the flowers .
there were bent twig hearts on the wal s tucked with dried flowers , heart wreaths , little painted - wooden hearts , heart toss pil ows on the couch , heart frames fil ed with pictures of her kids .
then i have to go get some flowers for your mom .
then , i dragged him to fresh and wild so i could buy flowers for blanca .
` ` let 's motor , '' i announced and shoved the cookies at trixie , the flowers at mom and herded everyone out , standing at the front door and motioning everyone through with a wide sweep of my arm .
ada asked softly , looking at mom closely and carrying both the cookies and the flowers .
` ` babe , watching you these past months has been like watching a flower bloom .
you are a flower .
` ` what the hel did he mean , watching me these past months has been like watching a flower bloom ?
bil y had promised a mil ion romantic promises but he 'd never even bought me flowers .
hel , none of my boyfriends ever bought me flowers .
there were no pots for flowers and there were n't any festive autumn decorations in sight .
i was going to have shrimp cocktail ( not those little , useless shrimps but the meaty king prawn ones ) and i was going to spend ten thousand dol ars on flowers ; there were going to be flowers everywhere .
i was going to have shrimp cocktail ( not those little , useless shrimps but the meaty king prawn ones ) and i was going to spend ten thousand dol ars on flowers ; there were going to be flowers everywhere .
i told them about the flowers and shrimps when i was eight .
i dumped my purse on my desk breaking into the rose stupor and jet said , ` ` i would never have thought vance was a flower type of guy . ''
` ` but ... he 's macho , he rides a harley and he bought you flowers .
macho men who ride harleys do n't buy women flowers .
` ` that 's what she did after she saw the flowers , '' tod shared .
` ` you freaked when you got the flowers and the way you told me it was over , i knew you needed that and was willin ' to give it to you but i was takin ' one last night .
he was super sweet , bought me flowers , shit like that .
he kissed my neck , lifted his head , stared in my eyes and murmured , ` ` you smell like flowers . ''
` ` you 're like a flower that grew through a crack in the sidewalk , '' he told me .
roxie , jet , ally and i bought all the flowers and decorations .
it was shoved in a huge , round turret , windows al around , filmy - white curtains and views of ulrika and swen 's quadruple - lot garden that ulrika kept ful of flowers and swen kept tidy as a pin .
upon arrival , annette had given me a pink tee with ` ` flower power '' written across the boobs in cartoon daisies and , like al the other girls , i 'd changed in one of the dressing rooms .
she 'd had a half dozen bouquets delivered that were the same as indy 's wedding flowers ( pale pink and white gerbera daisies , white roses and pale pink and white peonies ) and these were decorating the room .
i cal ed her to give her a piece of my mind since she was n't supposed to deliver the flowers to the club for another hour and they might get droopy .
i looked up at him to see his face was bland , almost uninterested , as if this information was n't damning and more than a little scary but instead preston was tel ing him that he knew lee and his boys had trampled a few flowers in a public garden for shits and giggles .
cotton flower .
i had on a shimmery , boat - necked , long - sleeved , tight - fitting , knit shirt with a small , delicate pendant of diamonds shaped in the form of a flower hanging from a platinum chain at my neck and matching drop earrings .
it was called el tejado and it was not the kind of place where you wore a shimmery , silvery - gray outfit and little diamonds shaped as flowers .
until my house was so filled with pretty flowers that it was hard to keep my mind on ugly thoughts . ''
however the setting was casual , my mom 's flower - filled garden in the background , and the pose was natural .
and all i needed to do was get the champagne and the chocolate candles i bought from pasquini 's in the fridge , set the table and arrange the bouquet of flowers and candles there and wash the champagne flutes i also bought .
i ' m not the romance and candlelight and flowers and champagne and sweetness and soft words that mean everything kind of girl .
you 're not supposed to notice flowers and candlelight .
you , '' he pointed at stella , ` ` a white bikini , i ' m thinking crochet , a lei , maybe a band of flowers around your forehead , and a fabulous sarong . ''
there were tables groaning with food , and in the middle were large , bright bouquets of flowers ( the flowers , sadie 's contribution ) .
there were tables groaning with food , and in the middle were large , bright bouquets of flowers ( the flowers , sadie 's contribution ) .
as tod called it , she also wore a white crochet bikini , a sarong , a lei and a band of flowers around her forehead ( mace wore jeans and a white shirt ) .
` ` we might speak of the flowers , '' he said and slid closer , waving his hand in a sweeping gesture at the bushes around them .
why had n't she said the smell of the flowers on the table was making her eyes water ?
a knock sounded on the door , and a downstairs maid entered with a bouquet of fresh flowers .
it was akin to hiding a flower underneath a dark storm cloud .
she took a topple onto the casket and sent all the flowers on top flying .
kessen looked like she was about to die from embarrassment when nick handed her a bowl of ice cream and said , ` ` i wanted to protect your flower . ''
the bridal gown , the location , the flowers .
not one to swoon , she leaned on the nearest stand of flowers and prayed it would n't crash to the floor .
whatever did he expect her to do with flowers and jewelry ?
running down the stairs , she barely had time to open her mouth before royce was in front of her , looking all out of sorts with tattered flowers and a vase in his hand .
` ` i seem to have upset him , '' royce muttered , stuffing the flowers together to create a sad excuse for a bouquet .
when he brought her flowers , she said she was allergic ; and this morning when he brought in another bouquet , the butler tried to send him away .
she had a hopeful look on her face , the same look girls get on valentine 's when they expect you to be the one guy to do something other than flowers or chocolate .
the next two were warnings about not giving away my rose to a boy who did n't like flowers and the next one had something to do with pie .
she found joy in planting flowers and baking cakes for anyone who would eat them .
i do n't know how long i sat in the car staring out the windshield , but eventually , i turned around and drove back to the house , but not before stopping off and grabbing a bouquet of flowers .
i ran my fingers through my hair , holding my keys in one hand and the flowers in the other .
nat 's eyes took in the flowers , her smile grew and then she mumbled a ' thanks . '
take your stupid flowers . ''
she reached for the flowers , threw them on the ground , and smirked .
` ` since you came back with the flowers . ''
i touched some of the flowers sitting on the table .
the nurses ' station was decorated with so many flowers it was almost impossible to see their heads as they waved at me from the table .
saylor never wants to see another daffodil in her entire life so please , keep all flowers contained lest she stuff one in my mouth while i ' m sleeping .
the one who brought flowers and wiped her tears , and when it came time to actually put any of that into action , my hesitation said it all .
her favorite flower ?
prologue she loved flowers - the pink frilly ones that made a man roll his eyes in disgust .
he had spent a ridiculous amount of time picking out her favorite flowers and daydreaming on the way to their meeting place .
the flowers in his hand , the anniversary flowers , were never meant to cover her grave .
the flowers in his hand , the anniversary flowers , were never meant to cover her grave .
` ` i do hope you ' ve received my flowers , my lady .
-red ` ` your eyes are like flowers . ''
` ` it seems your innocent little flower is not so innocent , for not but three minutes ago she threatened to kiss me .
he thought of bringing flowers but as it so happened , it was winter , and everything was dead , just like his heart .
` ` the time it takes to pick a flower for the woman you are courting . ''
` ` i believe ladies enjoy flowers , your grace . ''
` ` flowers , you say ? ''
` ` would you like me to acquire some flowers for you , your grace ?
the last thing he needed was to propose with a bouquet of dead flowers in hand .
therefore , i will pick the flowers , sing the sonnets , go down on one knee and pour out my bleeding heart . ''
a brilliant plan began to form in his mind , and he plucked a flower , hoping he would n't be scolded , and then went in search of rosalind , for she had suddenly disappeared ahead of him .
he sent up a prayer that she was still breathing as his fingers fastened the flower behind her ear .
` ` did you try flowers ? ''
rosalind had awoken looking fresher than a spring flower .
of waking her with flowers and sonnets , things she deserved .
she deserved flowers , a woman with such red hair and beautiful nature - well it was n't right that she did n't have the wedding she deserved surrounded by all her sisters , friends , family ... stefan shook the thought away .
now , give me the words , give me the sonnets , and give me the flowers . ''
you might as well tell him you were replacing his penis with a flower .
` ` if i asked chase what color the flowers were , he 'd probably shrug and say , there were flowers ? ''
` ` and yes , this is how it looked , though i think the flowers were poinsettias . ''
i really was n't in the mood for romance and flowers .
her eyes narrowed in on the flowers filling the room , and then she looked at mil , dressed in a pink flowing dress , chase dressed in a tux , tex in a tux , and then me .
verlaine laughton came up to nadia , skinny and strange as ever ; she 'd used two pencils to twist her silver - gray hair into a knot at the back of her neck , and wore the same kind of bizarre clothes she always favored - today , a peasant blouse and bell - bottomed jeans that had orange flower appliques .
should probably take flowers or something because i ' ve never taken anything there and maybe that 's kind of awful , and i am somehow being the worst daughter ever to people who are n't even alive .
but the skeleton of a rich woman with flowers in what ought to be her hair - that 's one of the figures people celebrate on the day of the dead .
` ` i could at least have brought some flowers . ''
then he saw magenta light spiraling out from her , like a flower unfolding amid the storm , and mateo knew his steadfast power had revealed her true power at work - battling elizabeth at last .
` ` willow , '' he said with a nod toward the pressed leaves and flowers on her walls .
` ` or would you rather sit in the back with your sisters , embroidering flowers ? ''
i had n't noticed the flowers before , but they were everywhere .
boxwood topiaries and flowers framed the gleaming front door , and the lot was huge .
he considered his words , the mulch crunching under our feet as we cut across one of the flower beds to the picnic tables .
i 'll even bring flowers for the occasion . ''
she held him close in her arms , pearl dewdrops and flowers around her neck and in her hair , '' he said .
there was n't a single flower out of place , or even a stray branch on the ground , and our house was just the same .
they were as ordinary as blades of grass , but we were like flowers , beautiful and rare .
you probably recognize the dead man on the floor as wayne flowers .
a strong wind shook a few of the steadfast flowers off the branches and into our path .
` ` wayne flowers , age forty - seven .
i wake up remembering fragments of dreams ; mara bending to smell a flower , watching it die under her breath .
looking at the flowers clutched in my grip , i swallowed the lump in my throat .
they had been the first flowers anyone had ever given me .
a middle - aged couple sat to our right , the woman wearing a purple one - piece with large flowers printed all over it and a huge floppy hat on her head .
like a flower plucked from a distant , tropical island .
damn , but the sight of those delicate fingers brushing over the flower made him hard .
duncan glanced toward the slender female who lay like a broken flower in the mud .
romance was n't about flowers or remembered birthdays , or surprise trips to paris .
` ` it 's about damned time , '' duncan growled , stomping his way through the flower beds to stand in front of the sentinel .
she looked like a broken , exotic flower that had been tossed aside by a careless hand .
mrs . benson had even filled the rooms with freshly cut flowers that managed to mask the less pleasant aromas that drifted from the streets .
` ` unless yo'u wish to have this delicate flower crushed beyond recognition . ''
they had left food and drink and even fresh flowers as a token of their appreciation .
he did not treat her as a delicate flower he longed to pluck .
i can smell each flower as if it were being waved beneath my nose .
it would be there that the housekeeper would have distributed the various flowers and tiny gifts that would have arrived that morning .
` ` i forget what a delicate flower you are . ''
` ` delicate flower ? ''
she looked like a crushed flower , he painfully acknowledged before viciously pushing the thought away .
she smelled of fresh flowers .
he breathed in deeply , but once again he could detect nothing but the scent of flowers and very human blood .
she marched across the tiny room that had been decorated in the seventies , all hideous swirling blues and greens , with cheap furniture and fading prints of flowers on the walls .
even covered by frayed jeans and shapeless sweatshirt there was no mistaking the slender curves and lean , well - toned muscles that assured him she was no delicate flower .
after hours spent digging out of the tunnels that had collapsed on top of him and cassandra , he was in dire need of hot water and soap that was made to scrub off the filth , not make him smell like flowers .
gardens that bloomed with flowers that had no need of the sun .
as if meditation and flowers could ease the brutal loss of his beloved dara .
no matter how great the sex , she would never , ever be one of those females who liked being treated like a fragile flower .
giving her a warning glance to stay put , he moved to walk around the pile of flowers and pots and ... good lord ... was that jewelry ?
he paused , his amber gaze lowering to where tiny flowers were beginning to bloom along the edge of his bare feet .
which means you can stop calling me and also stop sending flowers .
because he sends flowers ? ''
karen gives me a haphazardly wrapped gift of bubble bath , and simon gives me a bouquet of flowers he picked himself .
i appreciate you stopping by , though , and the flower , of course . ''
` ` it 's always nice to get flowers . ''
she comes over , diploma in hand , and i give her a bouquet of flowers ( not orchids ! )
my mother was standing in a field of flowers , grinning at the camera , in a yellow sundress .
we went out on a proper date , got dressed up for each other , he brought me flowers .
` ` it 's like we 're the same person , '' he said , stopping to pick up a flower and hand it to me .
` ` sarah , darling , come here , let me fix your flowers . ''
as rehearsed , she went down slowly , the small audience watching as she dropped flower petals on the floor .
he never treated me like some fragile flower soiled by the hands of the people who sold me into prostitution as a child .
i immediately ran toward her the moment i saw the bouquet of flowers fall onto the ground .
although derek attempted to swing a pink flower garland over xavier 's head just as vivienne was about to start walking down the aisle , i was relieved to see that he had n't done anything outrageous to the groom 's appearance .
she dropped the flowers on the ground beside me .
one marigold at a time , i braided all the flowers into her hair .
i hurled it into the lake , along with the dead flowers , hoping that kiev was watching .
discarding my knife on the sand next to his , i watched as he ripped up handfuls of sea flowers .
wrapping his legs around mine to hold me in place , he brushed aside my hair and tucked a large flower behind my ear .
he appeared above the waves soon after me , with the flowers in his hand .
bring her flowers .
her mother went to put the flowers in a vase and her father was heading into the kitchen to grab a beer out of the fridge when her brother adam walked in the front door .
but even as he made the nearly impossible decision to wait a few more minutes to have her , he had to press his mouth to the spot on her neck where her pulse was racing and she smelled like hothouse flowers .
tonight , no matter what , he 'd give her not only flowers but memories of more than passion and heat , too .
` ` you bought me flowers , '' she said , slightly stunned .
by the time she turned to head back to the house , her heart was as full as the bags of food and flowers she carried .
as their flower girl , she stood proudly in a pretty white dress with a heaping basket of poinsettia flower petals in her sturdy little hands .
as their flower girl , she stood proudly in a pretty white dress with a heaping basket of poinsettia flower petals in her sturdy little hands .
the flower girl skipped down the aisle tossing petals from her basket , and then everyone gasped with awe as mary appeared on her father 's arm .
now , as he looked at the bright flowers stitched on the napkins , he remembered that they were a farm - warming gift from the family whose property adjoined his .
she found a rock and some flowers and laid them down over the grave .
at the entrance was a flower stand and grayson asked the driver to stop , tucking the picture into the pocket above his heart as he opened the door and stepped out of the car .
instead , he bought a small bouquet of bright tulips , leslie 's favorite flower .
as he approached leslie 's gravestone , he could see that it was polished clean and bright , with an enormous bouquet of flowers in a vase beside it that he knew had to be from her parents .
he knelt down and laid the flowers on her grave , putting his hand over the cold stone as if that would help them finally connect again .
he cradled her against him in a beautiful dance of protection and love as the storm continued to rage , and then , when the storm waned and the sun emerged again , he finally set the brightly colored flower free to fly away .
the other flowers , the grasses , watched her dance through the sky , as they knew she 'd dreamed of doing all her life .
then she lifted her arms and they slid the silk and lace wedding gown on , her mother lacing up the back while sophie readjusted the flowers on her hair and dabbed at the tears under her eyelashes without smearing her new makeup .
chapter three one week later , valentina paused on the front step of smith 's house and took a deep breath that was perfumed with the scent of flowers .
there was no note attached ... but that did n't stop her from understanding that she had n't been forgotten at all , because she was all but certain that the flower had come directly from the patch in smith 's front garden .
jo , the heroine of gravity , had a dream of owning a flower shop , and there was enough of the language of flowers in smith 's movie for valentina to know what the meaning of this particular flower was .
jo , the heroine of gravity , had a dream of owning a flower shop , and there was enough of the language of flowers in smith 's movie for valentina to know what the meaning of this particular flower was .
jo , the heroine of gravity , had a dream of owning a flower shop , and there was enough of the language of flowers in smith 's movie for valentina to know what the meaning of this particular flower was .
she did n't bother to try to convince herself that smith had given her just any random flower .
instead , he 'd given her a flower that spoke to something else entirely , to hopes and dreams she had n't ever thought to let become reality .
it would be safer , better in the long run no doubt , to put the flower in the trash and let the overnight cleaning crew take it .
no one had ever given her a flower before .
* * * by the time valentina finally emerged from her office to say thank you to smith for both the flower and breakfast , she was frustrated - and more than a little relieved - to remember that he had an offsite meeting with his investors .
it was why he 'd given her the flower and the cinnamon bun - because they were both sweet , and both reminded him of her .
she 'd been so flipped out over the thought of smith and her sister posing for ` ` romantic '' pictures in a magazine - even though they would be completely in character , clothes and all - that she 'd fled without remembering to thank him for the flower and breakfast .
once on set , she headed into her office to put down her bag and was planning to turn right around to finally say a polite thank you to smith for the flower and breakfast , when she found something new on her desk .
` ` i forgot to say thank you yesterday for the flower .
the meaning of the flower he 'd picked was loud and clear as he extended his hand to her : desire and passion .
by the end of dinner , jo 's eyelids were falling , and even though she insisted on helping graham clean up the table , when he gave her a brand new encyclopedia of flowers , she was thrilled to sink back into the couch to devour the pictures and flower descriptions , and dream of the garden store she would open one day .
by the end of dinner , jo 's eyelids were falling , and even though she insisted on helping graham clean up the table , when he gave her a brand new encyclopedia of flowers , she was thrilled to sink back into the couch to devour the pictures and flower descriptions , and dream of the garden store she would open one day .
she smelled just as good , like flowers blooming in the sun mixed with the earthy hint of the clay she was always working with .
` ` summer needs help with her basket of flower petals .
chapter three jake stepped out from behind the bar just as the wedding march started up and a cute blonde kid skipped down the aisle , tossing flower petals into the air .
no other woman had ever felt this right in his arms and when the song slowed and she put her head on his shoulder , he had to pull her closer , had to breathe in her soft scent , a hint of champagne and flowers .
he was standing close enough to smell her perfume , something soft and floral that made him want to bury his nose in the curve of her neck until he figured out exactly what kind of flower it was .
one quite obviously set up for romance with a flower and a candle .
he knew he could n't heal what was broken between them with flowers or jewelry .
nicola was no fading flower and had never fainted in her life .
chase could n't help but notice that his surprise passenger smelled good , like rain and freshly bloomed flowers .
` ` how about i go pick some pretty flowers to match your very pretty apron ? ''
the lavender planted in front of the guest house was in full bloom and she could smell it as the sun warmed her and the flowers and the grapes growing on the vines all around the stunning napa valley property .
sitting there , she could look out over the magnificent sculptured gardens of the estate , four square acres of flower beds set off by blooming apple , cherry and pear trees as well as majestic maples , oaks and willows .
as it arrived , the scent of the flowers grew so strong , it overpowered everything- eddie .
that bowl full of wholesome goodness had little pink flowers on it , and the tablecloth had tiny yellow ones , and the wallpaper had larger blue ones .
in the flush of that new sensation , sissy stood over her parents for the longest time , hands on hips , head down , eyes tracing the pattern of flowers on the bedspread .
the stench was horrible , but this part of the theater 's vast basement complex was n't exactly a flower shop - which was a good thing .
it looked as if someone had melted down a sterling tea set right on the oriental rug- that was when he smelled the flowers .
as he made his way to the attic door and flipped the light switch at the bottom of the steep rise , his left leg was really lagging , and the scent of flowers depressed him to the point that he nearly decided to sleep on the stairwell .
the liner paper was bright and fresh as the day it must have been laid down , the flower pattern winding its violet and green way all around the fragrant sheets .
breathing in , she smelled the most amazing bouquet of flowers , the scent a complex , multilayering of fragrance that put to shame those liner papers big - time .
warm and soft , smelling like flowers from the shampoo and soap adrian had gotten her .
inhaling deeply , she smelled flowers , the kind that were up in the attic , and as she scanned the title page , she had a vague impression of latin words .
it was when the scent of a bouquet of flowers filled the air , choking the inside of her nose and thickening the back of her throat .
it was just as they had told her in sunday school when she 'd been young : when a saint died , you smelled flowers .
the fluffy , dusty ground did n't offer good traction , and keeping nigel from becoming a flower bed in the shit was requiring all the strength he had .
landing next to her granite gravestone , his heart tightened up at the sight of the plastic - wrapped bouquets and green potted flowers that had been placed around where her earthly remains had been buried .
the first thing she saw was the biggest flower arrangement on the planet .
across from where she sat , a print framed in glass hung upon the wall , and she had long memorized the image 's brushstrokes and colors , the bouquet of flowers depicted in vibrant blues and yellow .
and then the aircraft turned into the biggest weedwacker known to man , the combination of its steel body and too - fast velocity ripping through stands of fruit trees , and beds of flowers that had been secured for the winter , and shit , even the lineup of bird fountains .
kicking open the door , he found that the doggen had been in and tidied up , the bed all made , the sheets undoubtedly changed , a fresh bouquet of flowers set on the bureau .
no fresh rushes and flowers , or hanging bundles of spices , or sweet - smelling females .
` ` did you bring flowers ? ''
but i knew those flowers had nothing to do with trenton and everything to do with t.j . being miserable .
` ` i do n't want those flowers . ''
i was stressing because i wanted to get you flowers , but they 're all so damn expensive ... and then that ridiculously gigantic bouquet shows up .
` ` i was so worried about the flowers , i forgot your present at the shop . ''
i made a couple of ham - and - cheese sandwiches , and then ate one on the way , thinking about the stuffed animals and flowers that had begun to pile up in front of keaton .
i stared at the empty flower boxes and overgrown front garden and tried to breathe .
coco waved at us , a chunky bracelet with skulls and flowers around her wrist jangling with the movement .
why humans thought their flowers were so beautiful was beyond her .
without flinching , mimi snatches up the flowers mid - air before winking to the crowd .
the next day , i had a flower arrangement delivered to the school 's office .
her hand came up with a flower pot of artificial stone .
the flower pot stopped in mid - swing as a low , menacing growl came from the other side of the room .
she welcomed him like a flower seeking the sunlight .
it was a perfect late spring evening , unseasonably warm , and he could smell the profusion of flowers that surrounded his house and garden .
there was a flower in her hair , and she was beaming at me , waiting .
if anyone knew lucky 's favorite colors and flowers , it would be leeza .
` ` so what are her favorite flowers ? ''
i know what flowers she likes , i want to know what flowers she loves so much that she would want a bouquet of them on her wedding day . ''
i know what flowers she likes , i want to know what flowers she loves so much that she would want a bouquet of them on her wedding day . ''
from the front of the house , i could see the garden outside , and it looked lush and green with different plants and flowers .
there were a lot of pretty flowers in bloom , and i stared as they swayed in the light wind .
` ` i suppose i should get some flowers and champagne as well ? ''
i put my mug down and picked some of the flowers next to me .
he picked up the flower with the huge white petals and a green center and smiled .
i questioned , secretly happy that his favorite flower was my favorite of all the flowers in his garden as well .
i questioned , secretly happy that his favorite flower was my favorite of all the flowers in his garden as well .
` ` now , this flower here , '' he continued and picked up another flower from my hand .
` ` now , this flower here , '' he continued and picked up another flower from my hand .
lucky walked into the living room with some recently picked flowers and my face turned white .
` ` can i pick some flowers , uncle noah ? ''
` ` i 'll be there at 7:45 with flowers . ''
i felt my face growing heated as i watched him giving her a bouquet of flowers .
why was he bringing her flowers ?
` ` let me go and put these flowers in a vase .
` ` well , she thanked him for the flowers he had brought and dismissed him . ''
` ` he went back to the ballet for three more months and every other week he went backstage and took her flowers .
i dropped her hand and bent down to pick her a few flowers that were growing to the right of us .
` ` i do n't really know much about flowers . ''
` ` so are sunflowers your favorite flower then ? ''
` ` they are the flower of love . ''
it 's not like i ' m borrowing flowers from the park or something . ''
` ` maybe we could go to a store if you wanted to get some flowers ? ''
i still had some time to kill after i left the store , so i decided to go and get her some flowers as well .
i thought about picking some flowers up for lexi as well , but i had n't heard back from her after i had tried calling her back the day before .
i do n't see you as the hot quarterback anymore and myself as the invisible flower . ''
` ` and i get to be your flower girl too , right ? ''
` ` i get to throw flowers . ''
i stared out at the vast expanse of green lawns and flower beds .
there were purple flowers hanging overhead , and i just stared at the picture in front of me , my eyes taking in every color and flower .
there were purple flowers hanging overhead , and i just stared at the picture in front of me , my eyes taking in every color and flower .
` ` they 're a perennial flower . ''
he placed the flower in my palm and brushed his lips against mine .
` ` we need to go , '' i said , cupping my fingers around the flower to keep it safe .
the bathrooms were decorated with swirling marble floors and counters , and they were full of soaps that smelled like flowers and fruits and things i could n't name .
we were outside , in the middle of an elaborate and well - tended garden , with quiet fountains scattered throughout the flowers and hedges .
we spent our last christmas together eating ice cream and wandering through the gardens in the hot summer sun , and she pointed out the kinds of flowers that grew wild .
she 'd even tucked a flower into the end .
i expected an office , but instead we stepped into a cramped garden blooming with all sorts of flowers and herbs i did n't recognize .
she finished my braid , and after tying it off with a bit of ribbon from her nightstand , she picked a magenta flower and tucked it into the end .
a warm breeze tickled my neck , and when i opened them , we were standing in the middle of a field full of flowers .
persephone stormed toward us , her feet automatically avoiding the patches of flowers as if she knew exactly where every blossom was .
she knelt down next to the flower bed and touched the crushed tulips .
` ` what i need is for you people not to step on my flowers in the first place . ''
i opened my mouth to tell her exactly where she could shove her flowers , but james beat me to it .
she did n't know many men that would placidly sit in a flower garden for the better part of an hour when their girlfriends were making them , let alone by themselves .
all she had to do was stand at the front of the line of bridesmaids , pretend to hold a bouquet of flowers , and ignore spencer glaring at her .
i do n't think this room can take another bouquet , '' beth said , as isobel tried to fit another vase of flowers on the crowded bedside table .
she smiled at the thought of owning a little yellow house with flowers in front , of teaching first grade at the local elementary school .
when he started digging in the flower beds again , something she was sure the owner of the gas station would n't be too thrilled to see , she put the phone back to her ear .
at least digging in the flower beds kept him low to the ground and out of the street .
she could smell the petunias planted in the flower beds , hear the click of heels on the sidewalk all around her .
after stopping at a flower shop , he whipped into the hilton 's parking lot , grabbed the bouquet he 'd bought and jogged into the lobby .
a woman with long black hair gave him a smile that brightened when her eyes moved to the flowers .
taking the flowers , he moved into the lobby , searching the face of each person who passed through .
when the doors swept closed , manuel left his flowers on a nearby table and hurried across the lobby to watch the lights that signified the floors above .
inside the gates , preston glimpsed beautifully manicured trees , lawns and flower beds , as well as several elegant buildings .
` ` a little yellow house with a white picket fence and flowers in front . ''
he picked up the paper flower bouquet brianna had made her for mother 's day .
it was locked , but the small lockbox he 'd bought to secure their spare key back when they were together was still right where he 'd left it , inside the front flower planter .
so ... what if he brought her some flowers , took her out for a romantic dinner , spent the evening just getting to know her ?
busy with my new flower shop .
` ` no , i ' ve got a lot to do today so i can be away from the flower shop .
after rushing through a cup of coffee and a bagel , she flew out the door in such a hurry she almost did n't see the flower lying on her picnic table .
peyton did n't know why she 'd brought that flower to work .
the flower and the card he 'd bought were gone , suggesting she 'd found them , but that did n't mean she 'd forgiven him .
claire stared at the carpet , studying the large flowers as if tracing them on paper .
he had his own little cemetery going , just like the one in town - without the headstones and flowers .
her mother deserved flowers - a bouquet of the red roses that were her favorite , rachel thought .
he ignored the flower in her outstretched hand .
draping her old cloak over one arm , she stifled her sobs and gazed down at the flower lord druridge had brought to her mother 's grave .
then the organ music swelled , and sophia stood , eager to get out of the church and away from the expensive floral sprays his parents had insisted on ordering - since no one else was likely to send flowers .
she had n't wanted that expensive casket and headstone , or all those flowers .
i sent flowers since i could n't attend the funeral .
eve gestured at the flowers adorning the grave .
he paused when he saw it because he did n't recognize the pretty crystal vase that served as a centerpiece or the fresh flowers inside it .
she 'd spent her own money at the grocery store for the flowers and candles because she 'd wanted , in her own small way , to thank them for all they 'd done .
` ` i looked but i did n't see a receipt for the extra groceries and other stuff you bought today - the flowers and candles . ''
` ` you wanted eve and me to have flowers and candles ? ''
the only foreign object in the whole area was a bouquet of flowers that lay wilting in the mud .
` ` the man who attacked you must ' ve dropped his knife when he was wrestling you out to his truck , because i found this- '' he straightened one leg so he could take something from his pocket ` ` -in the flower bed outside the door to your bedroom . ''
several neighbors had brought casseroles , flowers , cards or a combination of the three .
painted a tacky purple , it had a forest of fake flowers stuffed into window boxes that desperately needed to be emptied and cleaned .
in order to sell it , she knew she should throw out the contents of those boxes , plant real flowers and give the place a facelift .
` ` so how 'd your knife end up in milly 's flower bed ? ''
` ` enjoy your flowers . ''
addy shook her head , allowing helen to take the flowers while she removed the card herself .
maybe she 'd found a caterpillar , a butterfly , a particular flower or another spider .
epilogue it was a perfect october afternoon , with a butter - yellow sun shining outside and flowers adorning every pew of the old church .
` ` dylan , what are you doing in the flower section ? ''
he 'd said he 'd get the buns and a few deli items and that they 'd meet up at the register , but then he 'd noticed the small flower section .
maybe he wanted to buy cheyenne flowers but he would n't be foolish enough to do it .
she saw no frills , no flower beds or christmas wreaths or welcome mats , but she did n't see the broken - down cars , or cast - off tires and batteries that characterized so many of the other homes in the area , either .
she asked , eyeing the flower .
she left the card that she 'd found on the doorstep in her lap but held the flower to her nose .
she studied the flower in her hands .
and for the flower and card .
` ` you wo n't notice they 're not exact , especially with all the shades of pink and peach in the flower arrangements . ''
she 'd never known him to order flowers .
irene should ' ve received the flowers by now .
` ` thank you for the flowers , '' she said .
he dashed over to the flower bed and began pulling weeds just as a moving van rambled down the street .
` ` would you be surprised if a flower bloomed if it was planted in a perfect spot of ground , where it received just the right amount of water and light ? ''
` ` you 're asking me about flowers ? ''
` ` would you be surprised if a rare , delicate flower bloomed in a very hostile place , with little sunlight and even less water ? ''
` ` you 'd want to protect that flower , right ?
he could scarcely believe what he 'd heard kennedy say - all that bullshit about rare flowers blooming in hostile places and miracles .
joe certainly did n't see grace as a rare flower .
i ' m sort of partial to my flower farm , you know ? ''
browneyedgirl : he claimed he was going to send me some flowers .
interesting ... s.costas : mention of flowers was some sort of hint ?
sebastian imagined him chatting with other women , stringing them along with compliments and promises of flowers , just like mary .
` ` but one guy would never send flowers to commemorate a competitor 's anniversary . ''
then she said , ` ` do you think he sent the flowers just to show that he can find me ? ''
these flowers made it real .
` ` i 'll send him a message thanking him for the flowers and push for a rendezvous so he wo n't feel like he needs to come to your house , '' he said .
you talked to him last night and today i received flowers for the first time . ''
with those flowers showing up at her house this morning , he wanted to alleviate her fears as soon as possible .
earlier , sebastian had sent an e - mail from mary , thanking him for the flowers .
were the flowers enough to explain it ?
she hesitated as she walked past the flowers on her dining room table .
she did n't want flowers from a man who 'd murdered his wife and stepson .
love and hugs - mary maybe if he thought those flowers had given him away , that she was beginning to realize who he really was , he 'd drop the charade and agree to meet .
then she spotted the flowers on her dining room table and caught her breath .
maybe kidnapping her had been the best move he 'd ever made , he thought , and took off his costume while he was still in the van so he could stop at the grocery store and buy her some flowers .
he stood in the bedroom doorway , holding his stupid flowers and gaping at the bed where he 'd left her .
tossing the flowers on the floor , he dashed back down the hall , checking each room he passed , including the closets .
she could already hear anton scolding her for stepping into the flower bed the gardeners had planted a month ago , but purposely ignored the fact that it would make him mad .
it was because of this stupid flower bed , and all the others in the yard , that she 'd had to give up her dog to that family anton had found .
wearing a silly grin and carrying a bouquet of flowers , he cut in front of them as if he had n't even seen them .
tiffany could easily imagine him buying zoe flowers and jewelry and supporting her in her grief until he 'd worked his way into her affections .
the day julia and her boy moved in , john had brought home some flowers and a box of chocolates he 'd actually bought for another woman , who 'd refused them because she 'd heard he was getting married .
since her right hand was in a cast , skye carried the flowers she 'd brought in her left .
tears glistened in jane 's eyes as she held up a picture her daughter had drawn of an assortment of flowers , most of which resembled tulips .
` ` and what about the flowers in that vase ? ''
most of the other girls were gathered around the flowers , too .
she 'd found a small ivory elephant next to the flowers , which she 'd slipped into the drawer of her desk .
she could n't believe he 'd risked bringing her flowers .
but first she 'd replace the more practical items he had on top of those tables - a remote control for his television , some sports illustrated magazines , a telephone and perpetual - motion clock - with a hand - blown glass vase and some exotic flowers .
as she headed behind the register to ring him up , gabe glanced at the small cooler of flowers he 'd noticed while waiting .
he wondered how long it had been since anyone had bought hannah flowers , doubted russ had been the type .
but he 'd just rejected a bouquet of flowers because of the potential for gossip .
` ` you want to buy flowers ? ''
` ` that 'll be a hundred and twenty - three dollars and sixty cents , '' she said , giving him his new total as she set the pot of flowers with his other purchases .
` ` who are the flowers for ? ''
and where did those damn flowers come from ? ''
she 'd seen a pot of flowers like them at his house , on the counter .
i - i do n't know about the flowers . ''
hannah picked up the newspaper lying on her walkway , but instead of opening it , she sat in her new chair and stared at the flowers that had surprised her so much last night .
fortunately , hannah knew he did n't really have any proof , except that gabe had visited with a pot of flowers .
the flowers are a simple thank you for cooking for him , '' she explained .
marge over at finley 's said you bought champagne , chocolate - covered strawberries and flowers .
` ` that 's why he brought that chair and those flowers .
the flowers had done it .
i would n't have hit her if gabe had n't brought those flowers over ... .
she glanced down the row of bare concrete slabs , none of which had a chair or flowers .
he set the flowers on her bedside table .
forget the cake and the flowers and the food .
rebecca moved the quart jar filled with fresh flowers that had stood on the kitchen table to the counter .
rebecca rubbed the sleep from her face and sank into the chair next to the round table that sported an all about boise magazine and a giant bouquet of silk flowers .
` ` hi , roy , '' she said , grabbing his arm to steady herself so she did n't fall into the muddy flower bed .
conner glanced up as vivian entered the room , carrying a bunch of fresh flowers she 'd no doubt cut from the garden at the napa house .
her perfume and the fragrance of the flowers instantly overcame the slight antiseptic odor that generally predominated in the hospital .
as the days of june passed and the baby 's movements became more obvious , she planted tomatoes , corn and zucchini , peas and carrots , and some bulb flowers she 'd found for sale in a magazine - dahlias she 'd ordered from denmark .
he bought wine and flowers and attempted to prepare lasagna , but they became so engrossed in conversation out on his deck , so preoccupied with each other , that everything burned .
` ` she did , but he went over to her place even after that , the last time with wine and flowers .
epilogue ` ` what about these flowers ?
maybe the flowers would be dead and gone , but adriana would be living her own life , taking care of her family , just as she should be .
he 'd spent everything he had on a suit and flowers , and eagerly counted the days until the big dance .
then they were going to drive up to the cemetery with flowers .
how many girls on the isle of feathers had a dead flower ready this morning ?
to reject the suit , you left a dead flower in the spot for the fellow to find the next night .
neve had no expectations , but she had a dead flower ready , just in case .
when this flower was alive , ivan and jathry were too .
holding the dead flower , she squared her shoulders .
the hill should have opened for him like a flower , but it resisted .
` ` here , '' she said , thrusting a flower at neve .
when he still did n't release her , she panicked and thrust dame somnolence 's flower at him .
he did n't take the flower , and he did n't let go of her arm , and when neve met his eyes again , growing more panicked by the second , his look spoke .
` ` did you give him the flower ? ''
on the fifth morning it was flowers .
and then it was the dreamer 's turn to stare at neve 's door , rain coursing down his face , the feel of her radiating outward as though she were a sun and he a flower .
we live in one of the only neighbourhoods that 's nice enough for residents to have flowers on their stoops , and passers - by wo n't destroy them .
he never surprised me with flowers or a homemade meal .
i settle eros in a corner with a basketful of flowers to chain together .
eros holds up his flower chain , a mismatch of colorful blossoms .
i expect cyrus to turn it down - ares would never wear a necklace of flowers no matter who gave them to him - but instead he takes it .
mother did manage to keep her word about the flowers , though .
the end of days picking flowers and soaking in the sunlight , the end of nights sitting in her lap as she told me stories .
flowers and herbs hung from the rafters , creating a dizzying scent , and everything was handcrafted , as if she 'd hired mortals to build it for her .
she said nothing as she gently set the flower in its new home .
even though it was his four months of freedom , even though everything i 'd witnessed made it clear he did n't love her , aphrodite skipped out of the trees , a flower tucked behind her ear .
flowers bloomed in the garden , a rainbow of colors and as fresh and new as the spring , and the scent of a summer day wafted through the air .
the music changes yet again , and a man dressed as a young maid and holding a bouquet of flowers frolics between the tables .
trumpets blare and children shout and throw small handfuls of seeds and dried flower petals as the crowd escorts her to the great cathedral .
she was always bringing flowers into the house , not just from our formal garden , but from the meadows as well .
bluebells were her favorite flower , and there was an entire meadow of them behind the keep one spring .
near stumbling with exhaustion , i reach down to lift the blanket , then blink in surprise at the small clutch of pink flowers that have been laid on my pillow .
` ` no , for you are my daughter and i would no more punish you for plucking flowers from my garden than i would for your drawing breath .
neal had painted a spray of flowers there .
` ` because i could remember your wedding ... ... that big white dress you wore and all the flowers , and neal was so handsome - he totally had prince charming hair , he still does , like snow white 's prince charming - and he called you ' sunshine . '
heather was supposed to be the flower girl , but none of georgie 's friends had been able to afford the trip to nebraska , so heather became her only bridesmaid - besides seth , who just assumed he 'd be standing up for georgie .
he walked up a few minutes later with pancakes , eggs , orange juice and a stargazer , my favorite flower .
he held flowers out for me to take while he went to hug cc .
he gave me a wink then grabbed the flowers and a few gifts from around the room and left to put them in the car .
they are gorgeous , but now i kind of regret telling mason what my favorite flowers are because he 's tainting them .
i walk over to the flowers and pick the card out .
i ' ve been sending hailey her favorite flowers , stargazers , every other day for the last two weeks ; i feel the need to keep sending them so she knows i still think of her all the damn time .
he clears his throat , hands me the flowers , which i take .
i walk to the table in the hallway and place them down , along with the others , and go back to sign for the flowers .
you ' ve been leaving me flowers for how many weeks now ? ''
` ` pick me up at eight , flower boy . ''
since i got flowers today that means if mason keeps his deliveries as scheduled i will get more on friday .
i stroll on the outside of where the chairs are placed so i do n't mess up the flowers .
as andrew takes a seat next to elle , mackenzie turns and hands her flowers over to hailey .
` ` alright , flower boy , i ' m trusting you . ''
the piercing is a dermal anchoring on my left hip that acted as a center for another flower that zeke tattooed a week later .
i bend and kiss the flower with the piercing in the middle , ` ` this is sexy as f**k . '' i look into her eyes , ` ` i love these on you . ''
i kiss the flower on her hip , run my tongue along the lines to the next one and kiss that and then do the same with the other two flowers .
i kiss the flower on her hip , run my tongue along the lines to the next one and kiss that and then do the same with the other two flowers .
i lift my hand in the air and the butterfly takes off to a nearby flower .
` ` the brick building that is shaped like a u with the pretty flowers in the middle of the court yard ? ''
i left early that morning to go pick up a glass blown flower for rhea 's birthday present .
do you like the flowers ?
the flower who fell from the wall .
while other couples were talking about flowers and cummerbunds , dutch was telling me to not wear button - fly pants , ` ` for easy access . ''
i was n't supposed to be there , was n't supposed to be the boy cody loved , was n't supposed to see when he moved the flower pot and revealed the spare key underneath .
i go to the flower pot , which i had n't moved back in place .
1 the dread queen pain was a flower .
this was weirdly intimate , not being able to see his face , just the softness of our voices in the dark , warm air , perfumed with the flowers he 'd planted below .
he kissed me at last , lips delicate as a flower petal when i wanted so much more .
his garden smelled of flowers and green things , delicately come to blossom in the warmth of the afternoon .
but maybe that was just because i 'd watched flowers in the attic recently .
while the others were looking toward the stage , he opened my fingers like the petals of a flower and pressed a kiss to my palm .
if you did , it would be uber - creepy , flowers in the attic style . ''
they 'd moved all the flowers from the funeral home , arrayed them around the coffin , so the breeze hit me in the face with the scent of sweet decay .
they lowered the coffin and carol tossed a flower into the grave .
max is a fragile flower who needs lying kindness to bloom .
i also have a riotous sleeve of flowers and filigree tattooed from the top of my shoulder to my wrist on my left arm .
not beautiful or stunningly pretty , but she was cuter than any girl with that much attitude had a right to be , and somehow the bouquet of flowers that colored her skin in every shape and variety seemed like it belonged there .
my apprehension must have been displayed on my face , because the eyebrow under the scar danced up and he finally stopped touching me , stopped dropping sucking little kisses along my collarbone , and stopped running featherlight fingertips over the flowers decorating my side .
i also had all kinds of soft feminine curves trapped under me and she smelled like cotton candy and flowers .
she had some kind of asian - inspired water - and - fire image tattooed around the top of one thigh that danced almost to her knee , those flowers on her ribs with the shower of jewels implanted in her skin on her side , and that arm that had every flower known to man inked on it .
she had some kind of asian - inspired water - and - fire image tattooed around the top of one thigh that danced almost to her knee , those flowers on her ribs with the shower of jewels implanted in her skin on her side , and that arm that had every flower known to man inked on it .
the one with all the brightly inked flowers on it curled around my neck on the way down .
the flowers on her arm , and the water and fire on her leg , looked vivid and exotic and i could n't imagine ever coming home to anyone that was n't her .
` ` more flowers ? ''
preferably with a darkly hot guy that had eyes the color of the state flower and abs that should be on a billboard for men 's underwear right alongside beckham .
i did it partly because the idea of sending a big , tattooed brute of a guy flowers made me laugh , and partly because i wanted to show him that he was on my mind .
nash 's response was short and sweet : never got flowers before ...
` ` well , hearing from you was a highlight of it for sure ... and the flowers .
` ` cora has all those flowers , and rowdy has that anchor on his neck that is impossible to miss .
his finger traced along the field of flowers and he said more to himself than to me , ` ` you never thought it was weird i liked to draw .
he let go of my rear end completely and used his thumbs to trace across the big lotus flower that marked one side of my hipbone and the arching , sprawling cherry blossom that decorated the other .
i moved my hair off of my neck and shoulders and showed her the field of flowers and birds flying across my back .
they matched the field of flowers on my back so perfectly that it made me smile and had my heart swelling .
there was no bright green grass and rows of elegant headstones decorated with every kind of flower under the sun .
i crouched down and rested the flowers next to the cold stone and sort of just fell to my knees as i stared at the grave .
i felt a hot breeze move some of my hair off of where it was sticking to my neck and the sweet scent of the flowers floated up into my nose .
the wind moved again , sending the petals of the flowers i had laid down dancing .
she was like a flower that grew out of the impenetrable face of a cliff wall .
flowers , apple pies , lizards , clocks , cats .
i was staring at the tiny pink flowers on my sheets .
i 'll be thinking of you wearing the peach - colored panties with the flowers .
thought of you today when i got some flowers delivered to my mom .
there are others leaving flowers for their mothers and somehow even that makes me feel a little less alone .
after mitch places a few flowers on the headstone , he comes over to embrace tiny .
` ` you better give me a big rock and lots of flowers since you 're proposing to me while we 're naked . ''
or perhaps like an exotic flower unfurling her petals .
flowers , candles , and place settings all tumble to the ground .
her dress rides up and i get a glimpse of this unique flower symbol - type tattoo on the back of her thigh .
the yard is over - flourished with trees , shrubbery , a small vineyard , and acres and acres of flowers and grass ; so i do n't get what he 's expecting to see .
i 'd headed to the cemetery to put flowers on my mama 's grave and a nice , long , one - sided conversation with the engraved stone .
` ` i just do n't understand , '' i say as i kneel down in the dirt , grasping a bouquet of sunflowers in my hand - my mother 's favorite flower .
sighing , i set the flowers down in front of her headstone and kiss the tips of my fingers before pressing them to the stone , silently telling her what i think may be my final good - bye .
the sides are intentionally torn and show off a flower tattoo on the side of my lower thigh and an intricate dandelion one in the center of my back .
the backyard has a jacuzzi in it , along with a flower garden and a gazebo that has a bunch of wind chimes hanging on it .
` ` ryder needs you here when we put flowers on her grave and then i wanted to do something else for it ...
she ducks to put the bottle of alcohol below the counter and i lean over to check out her ass and the elegant flower tattoo on the back of her thigh .
every time she bends over to grab a beer from the cooler , her shorts ride up and her ass cheeks peek out of the bottom , giving me a good glimpse of that flower tattoo on the back of her thigh .
she 's wearing tight black pants , a vest , and a purple shirt that 's just short enough that i can see a speck of her side that i know is covered with a tattoo , patterns of curves and flowers inking up her ribcage .
little beads of water dot the tattoo she has going down her side , of intricate flowers that wind and create viney patterns and i have the strongest hunger to lick them off .
i leave my wavy hair down and put on this thin strapped black dress that has flowers on it , probably one of the most girly items i ' ve ever worn .
it looks so lonely up there with no flowers around it , no large photo to represent the man that he was .
it was soft and smelled like flowers instead of generic all - in - one shampoo / conditioner .
i felt like jack was being real with me , but the logical part of my mind kept telling me that i was being an idiotic , emotional , pathetic girly - girl who wanted everything to be flowers and puppy dogs in crushville .
forget shoes or flowers or chocolate .
when she was dead , would he put flowers on her grave ?
he carried flowers in his hand and smiled when i greeted him .
i 'll just go give mrs . mitchell these flowers and pretend i do n't know you . ''
the flowers have been set up around the casket .
the dizziness got worse when i looked up and saw the casket surrounded by flowers .
the flower arrangements were beautiful and i wanted to see who had been so thoughtful .
people walked up and dropped flowers on the casket , before walking away .
ty got up off the floor and fixed the flowers .
ty handed van the flowers .
i am ready to go draw wedding flowers with the girls , just to avoid your sad ass . ''
they had cut out , well they 'd tried to cut out , flowers with construction paper .
she and the girls had gone out and picked real flowers and they 'd turned our dining room into a place fit for a proper wedding .
be prepared for flowers to be delivered . ''
he put a vase full of flowers on the table beside me .
instead , i went to buy flowers and pick up food from her favorite restaurant .
` ` there ai n't no way i am drivin ' a van with flowers and wearing a ascot .
he had flowers in his hand and was all smiles .
hell , i do n't know a damn thing about flowers .
when he went out on the road , he would bring me home flowers and take me out places .
i was prepared to talk about flowers and rainbows if it helped me stay grounded .
i do n't even like the smell of flowers . ''
one day i was going to shoot his ass and mount him on my wall in between my wife 's flower pictures .
at any rate , the rental car was filled with all of our shit and a slew of flowers that had been sent to the hospital .
the sod was looking seamless and i decided to have the landscapers come back and lay flowers all around the edges of the barn .
i figured after it dries we could put flowers all over it .
i came downstairs to ty and conner fixing each other 's jackets and flowers .
green grass surrounded the building and flowers had been planted everywhere .
i could see her trying to get bella to throw the flowers as they were going .
we want izzy to be the flower girl , '' van noted .
i had never in my life seen anything more beautiful than miranda in her wedding dress , with a bouquet of flowers and her arm wrapped around conner 's .
` ` i saw the flowers at the graveyard today .
a couple months ago he 'd come home with flowers .
i thought about him coming home , probably showing up with flowers , and there i was hugging and kissing on my child and another man .
when all was agreed upon and i received way too many condolences , i called to order flowers and double checked with the funeral home that bobby 's body was being delivered the next day .
when she realized that she 'd forgotten to throw out the flowers , she went back and tossed them going in both directions .
pushing that little delicate flower into sex would make her less likely to enjoy it and i always left my women happy and wanting more .
i focused on the flowers and avoided eye contact .
on the way , i stopped and got her some flowers that i knew would cheer her up .
i took the bouquet of flowers that i 'd stuck in one of the wine bottles and threw it across the room , denting the wall as it shattered all over the room .
it did n't matter that they were beautiful flowers or my children 's names .
she had her lip pierced and had some kind of flower going across her neck .
fresh flowers had recently been put in both of my girls headstones .
i put my flowers in with the other ones and traced katie 's name with my fingers .
i had fresh flowers in my hand , but was afraid to make a move .
it was hard with my belly , but i knelt down in front of it and set up the flowers in the holder .
once we set up katie 's flowers , we headed out and had lunch .
as soon as visiting hours began i was walking inside of the hospital with a bouquet of flowers in my hand .
there was nothing there , not even some flowers , teddy bears , or a few lit candles to remember the dead valkyrie .
instead of the long orange plastic tables at my old school , the mythos cafeteria featured round tables covered with creamy white linens , fine china , and crystal vases full of fresh narcissus flowers .
whatever it was , the sudden feeling made me shiver , even as heat blossomed in the pit of my stomach like a flower slowly unfurling and stretching toward the sun .
that he 'd send you flowers and write you bad poetry ?
daphne took out the flower , handed me the empty box , and slipped the simple corsage over her wrist .
like al the others , the table was covered with creamy white linens , dainty china , and a heavy crystal vase ful of fresh poppies , hyacinths , and narcissus flowers .
my chest ached in a familiar , bitter way , but i pushed the feeling aside and focused on my anger - the anger that had grown and grown like a poisonous flower blooming inside my heart , ever since i 'd found out what had reall y happened to my mom .
purple pansies and other small winter flowers struggled to keep their colorful petals spread wide , despite the chill in the air .
several other stone statues of wood nymphs and dryads were arranged around him , their arms wide and feet high , flowers clutched in their fingertips , like they were dancing to pan 's phantom song .
sketches and drawings could be found on almost every page , but they were n't the usual hearts and flowers you 'd expect to find .
jason turned back to the book again , and i spotted some sort of plant on the left page , although i had no idea what kind of flower , herb , or weed it might be .
` ` we go there , pick this flower , and bring it back so you can cure nickamedes with it .
` ` the problem is that the only place the flower is known to grow is in some ruins on the top of a mountain above the denver branch of mythos academy . ''
` ` but even if it 's not a trap , you ca n't just go find the flower .
that 's the only time the flowers on the vine bloom , and the flowers are what i need to make the antidote . ''
that 's the only time the flowers on the vine bloom , and the flowers are what i need to make the antidote . ''
` ` not only do we have to get to the ruins , figure out how to survive whatever creepy magic mumbo jumbo may or may not be there , and thwart a likely reaper attack , but we also have to pick this mythological flower at precisely the right moment or nickamedes will die anyway .
then , the day after that , we 'd head back to mythos , hopefully with the ambrosia flowers .
but it 's the only place where the ambrosia flowers grow , and nickamedes will die without them .
` ` the reapers already know we 're here and that we have to go to the ruins to get the ambrosia flowers .
we have to find some ambrosia flowers to make an antidote for him , and the ruins are the only place where they grow .
right now , we need to focus on our trip to the ruins , finding the ambrosia flowers , and getting them back to nickamedes in time . ''
perhaps they 'd been taken in the winter , although i could n't imagine how that many flowers could survive in such a cold climate .
` ` after rachel guides us to the ruins , we 'll make camp and search for the ambrosia flowers , '' covington said .
` ` after we locate the ambrosia flowers , we will wait until midnight to pick them , as per professor metis 's instructions , '' covington said .
the only magic they have is whatever is in the soil and rocks that helps the flowers grow and bloom year - round , even during the harshest winter .
yeah , they were just flowers , but i could almost feel a force emanating from them , some sort of raw , wild energy .
slowly , all of the flowers turned in my direction , the streaks , stripes , and stars on their bright petals scrunching up into faces that were staring at me .
but what would i feel when i saw the ruins and flowers in person ?
` ` that should give us ample time to get up the mountain , make camp , and find the ambrosia flowers .
that 's why they used the poison in the first place - so we 'd have to come here to get the ambrosia flowers to make the antidote .
for some reason , staring at the carving made me feel a little better about our chances of finding the ambrosia flowers .
metis thinks ... the paralysis could be permanent , even if the ambrosia flowers flush the poison out of his body . ''
but i pushed my worry for him aside and embraced the other emotion blazing through me - determination to find the flowers and get them back to the academy in time .
then , the flowers took over .
` ` if there are any chloris ambrosia flowers , they should be here , '' rachel said .
` ` this is where the goddess eir had her garden , and as you can see , all sorts of flowers still flourish here today .
because how were we supposed to find one flower in a field of thousands ?
for a moment , the only sound was the sharp whistle of the wind as it gusted through the courtyard , causing the flowers to flutter and a few petals to swirl up into the air like colorful snowflakes before slowly spiraling back down again .
we need to find the ambrosia flowers before nightfall . ''
ajax and covington stood guard at the edge of the courtyard , while daphne , carson , rory , and i started looking for the ambrosia flowers .
i moved from one vine and one patch of flowers to another , comparing the plants in front of me to the image on my cell phone .
so it was n't enough to pick out the patches of white flowers in the courtyard , wade over , and look at them .
and of course every time i went over to a flower and picked it up , it was just white inside and not purple and gray .
i turned this way and that , letting the heat from the crackling flames soak into the front and back of my body , before diving into the flowers once more .
he sighed and crouched back down , peering over the flowers in front of him and comparing them to the image on his phone , like the rest of us were doing .
we could search for a week and still not come across a single ambrosia flower - and nickamedes did n't have that kind of time left .
i can imagine how much you like to look out over your flowers . ''
everyone else was still busy searching for the flowers , so no one noticed me walking along the crumbled right wall of the courtyard .
i crouched down , my eyes sweeping over the patch of flowers in front of me .
a few small , fragile - looking flowers had actually grown out of the part of the rock that formed the gryphon 's beak , making it look like the creature was presenting eir with the flowers .
i used my phone to pull up the photo of the ambrosia flowers .
i held my hand up and gently turned one of the flowers so that i could see inside it .
my heart started to pound with excitement , but i made myself study the flowers that much closer .
i found the ambrosia flowers ! ''
covington asked , staring at me instead of the flowers .
chapter 24 now that we 'd found the ambrosia flowers , there was n't anything left for us to do but wait , like coach ajax had said .
for the longest time , the ambrosia flowers did n't do anything but shiver in the cold like the rest of us .
we all stared at the flowers , watching for any change , for any sign that they would do whatever they were supposed to , what nickamedes needed them to do .
as soon as the petals of the three flowers touched each other , they all seemed to wilt , as though they could n't stand to be that close together .
` ` well , '' i said , stepping forward and carefully tugging the flower - vine and all - free of the rock wall and the gryphon 's beak .
i carefully slid the ambrosia flower into a long , slender , plastic tube that ajax had bought when we 'd gone shopping for supplies yesterday .
hopefully , the tube would protect the flower so we could get it back to the academy in one piece .
i zipped up my sleeping bag , making sure i had one hand on vic and the other on the tube with the ambrosia flower .
all i saw were crumbled walls and overturned rocks , with the flowers spread out like a colorful blanket in the middle of the courtyard .
not only that , but you actually found the ambrosia flower , which will be a nice bonus , '' agrona said .
whatever happened , whether we lived or died , we could n't let the reapers take our artifacts - and we most especially could n't let them have the ambrosia flower .
not our artifacts , not the ambrosia flower , not our lives . ''
but a new image took its place - one of covington alone in the library , poring over book after book , looking at pages covered with plants , herbs , and flowers .
we trampled the flowers underfoot , our boots smashing the beautiful blossoms into runny smears of color .
petals whipped through the air at our frantic movements , and the crisp scent of the flowers took on a thick , coppery stench as blood spattered onto the blossoms from the nicks and cuts vivian and i were able to inflict on each other .
five minutes later , we walked out of the ruins , leaving nothing behind but dead reapers , dead rocs , and a courtyard full of crushed , broken , blood - covered flowers .
we 'd gotten the ambrosia flower , learned that covington was a traitor , and had survived being attacked by vivian , agrona , the other reapers , and their rocs .
the ceiling rose a hundred feet above my head , while piles of pine needles and dried summer grasses lined the floor inside , stretching from one side to the other like the flowers in the courtyard ruins .
i could n't make out her words , but the flowers seemed to respond to her voice , their stems turning and their bright petals arching toward her , as if they were trying to show off their best sides just to please her .
the gryphon bowed low to eir , then gently tugged some wildflowers free from the snow and presented them to her , just like in the carving i 'd seen at the ruins - the one where the ambrosia flowers had been .
perhaps it was my imagination , but i almost thought i could smell the same thing she did - the sweet scents of the flowers mixing with the cold crispness of the snow .
a bright silver light flared , leaking out from between her fingers , almost as if the flowers were some sort of metal the goddess was working with .
because no matter how much i would have liked to find someplace to curl up into a ball and cry , we still had to hike the rest of the way down the mountain so we could get the ambrosia flower to nickamedes in time .
i handed the coach the container with the ambrosia flower , and ajax tucked it inside his jacket .
i had n't asked logan what he would do after we got back to the academy and gave the ambrosia flower to nickamedes .
metis also seemed exhausted , and much thinner than i remembered , but her face brightened when ajax handed her the tube containing the ambrosia flower .
` ` actually , i , um , found something else besides the ambrosia flower while we were out in colorado , '' i said .
i finished my cigarette and put it out in one of my sister 's new flower pots .
you bought me flowers , and opened the door for me . ''
after obtaining the bouquet of fall colored flowers i 'd picked up on the way , i climbed out of the car to greet my lady .
a harpist sat in a long white gown with flowers in her hair and strummed as if plucked right from a fairy tale .
kate , i ' m gon na be a flower girl for aunt gen !
and i get to hold a basket and drop flowers all over the church ! ''
are they wearing a red flower in their buttonhole ? ''
` ` your cunt is swallowing me up , like a hungry flower . ''
they were mostly identical , little two - bedrooms with a tiny window in front , but a few of them had flowers in the yard or a garden off to the side .
the little homes had backyards with wooden fences , and i caught glimpses of gardens and flowers .
a man a few doors down wandered out of his house , banging the screen door behind him as he headed for his flowers .
the pure air of the rico was gone , the scent of flowers and grass just a memory .
there are flower beds nearby .
melanie brings me the brownie as i unpin the daisy , and as she hands over the sweet , i hand her the flower .
` ` that 's an interesting trick , '' she says , surveying me and smelling the flower .
if i had n't come along , you 'd still be working in that low - rent flower shop , living all by yourself with a couple of cats because you scare off every man you meet .
` ` if you had n't come along , i would have owned that florist shop by now , a whole chain of flower shops . ''
for a bartender who just happened to be psychic and who was also an ex - cop , the invisible warning signs had started blazing neon - bright when mr . orange and purple flowers walked into the dark rainbow half an hour earlier .
could n't blame flower shirt for picking the wrong target , luther thought .
a smart man , hearing that voice , would have backed off immediately , but flower shirt grinned , unaware that he was about to let a very unstable , unpredictable genie out of its bottle .
deprived of his prey , flower shirt reacted with spiraling rage .
guys like flower shirt felt superior to others and lacked all traces of empathy .
there was nothing tricky or mysterious about the wavelengths of energy in flower shirt 's pattern .
he took hold of flower shirt 's arm and steered him toward the door .
the other diners watched in silence as luther guided flower shirt outside into the night .
luther guided flower shirt through the small courtyard , steering him around the sickly - looking potted palms that wayne had set out in a misbegotten effort to add a little authentic island atmosphere .
unfortunately , it would do little good to merely dump flower shirt on the street .
luther knew that once he released flower shirt from the extreme ennui , the guy would bounce right back to whatever state was normal for him .
then he turned his unresisting zombie so that flower shirt faced the entrance to the lane that led to the rainbow .
he accompanied the words with little pulses of energy aimed at the latent fear points on flower shirt 's paranormal spectrum , deliberately stirring and arousing as many as he could identify .
` ` yeah , right , '' flower shirt whispered , anxious now .
there was always a price to pay when he used his talent on someone like flower shirt .
` ` is the shirt with or without flowers ? ''
` ` believe it or not , i went to work in a flower shop . ''
it 's also easy to see how others might want to protect such a delicate flower . ''
amy would endure and flourish , just as the flowers in the draycott garden had endured and flourished .
` ` but last month i stopped by her shop to discuss some changes i wanted to make in the flowers that go into the rooms .
she 's great with flowers and animals , but not with people .
a dark , earthy perfume of freshly cut flowers , potted plants and decaying foliage assailed her senses .
she gave abby one last sisterly kiss , careful not to spoil the bride 's makeup , and picked up the basket of flowers .
colby was eyeing the letter and envelope she 'd left on the hall table beside the vase of flowers .
the furniture was ancient and worn - out , and the drapes were so faded that it was difficult to detect any sign of their original flower print .
8 when diana walked back into the cottage half an hour later , her arms full of groceries and specter at her heels , she almost did n't notice the flowers in the vase on the hall table .
he became aware of the flowers he was clutching .
` ` i picked those flowers up by the falls , '' colby said quietly .
` ` there is usually a cheap fake flower inside .
` ` the flowers , the candles .
the flower girl came very close to getting into a food fight with the four - year - old nephew . ''
mitchell snapped off another dead flower .
she watched him nip off another faded flower .
` ` i went over every square inch of the porch and checked the flower beds around it .
` ` yeah , but there will be lots of houses and flowers in the art show .
all the kids i know like to draw houses and flowers .
` ` no two dog pictures are the same , so we can have any number of them in the art show , just like we can have any number of house pictures and flower pictures . ''
there was something about gardens , and especially flowers , that drew magic users to them even if their magic had nothing to do with plants .
rectangular flower beds and carefully bordered stretches of vibrant green grass dotted the plaza .
at some point it was a typical suburban street , two lanes on each side , divided by a flower bed and decorative trees .
we passed a gift shop selling bouquets of flowers arranged in crystal vases .
i realized i had glanced at the flowers for a second too long .
i looked at the flowers , looked at his face , and shut the door .
i looked for a vase to put the flowers in .
i see you liked the flowers . ''
do n't bring me flowers .
augustine saw the flowers , blinked , and turned to mad rogan .
hmm , pictures of flowers , ancient palaces , mosaic , an illustration of some deity with four arms sitting on a pink flower , a metal statue of a deity with an elephant 's face , a photograph of some beer cans and empty soda bottles ... how did that get in there ?
hmm , pictures of flowers , ancient palaces , mosaic , an illustration of some deity with four arms sitting on a pink flower , a metal statue of a deity with an elephant 's face , a photograph of some beer cans and empty soda bottles ... how did that get in there ?
` ` two trucks with flowers and eight people .
i told him specifically not to bring me flowers .
thanks to you , every one of their rooms has beautiful flowers this morning .
dinners , flowers , gifts ? ''
it was leila who handled all the arrangements , from supervising the caterers to selecting the flower arrangements .
they murdered thea 's sister , her husband and their twin daughters who were flower girls at the wedding .
so much for assuming she would follow in the footsteps of her aunt and become an adult flower child who ate organic , meditated and practiced yoga .
` ` oh , not the eccentric , flower - child , student - of - enlightenment thing .
lucy opened another drawer and looked at a tangled heap of cotton and flannel nightgowns , most embroidered with flowers .
` ` you know , those ads that feature happy couples dashing through the rain , dancing in the kitchen , buying flowers at a roadside stand and driving through the countryside in a convertible with the top down .
should he buy the vase and flowers for her ?
sariana stared gloomily out the high arched windows that opened onto a garden of vivid flowers , wondering how she had gotten herself into such a predicament .
` ` maybe lady avylyn wo n't notice if one of her precious flowers is missing . ''
there was a fine cabinet finished in black enamel and decorated with a flower motif .
halfway down the corridor to his room he remembered the crushed flower in the pocket of his jacket .
then gryph smiled to himself and tossed the flower into a nearby trash receptacle discreetly disguised as a vase .
the nice thing about dealing with sariana was knowing that she was not weak and fragile like that flower .
they grow flowers for the wholesale market , they ' ve been paying good prices for some of my hybrid seeds .
i much prefer him working with flowers .
she walked through the garden , the skirts of her yellow gown lightly brushing the heads of some of delek 's beautiful flowers .
` ` she 's also warm and gentle underneath her thorns , rather like one of your prize flowers , delek .
cidra knew that the distinctly dark and potent brew was distilled from the thorn of a flower that was lethal , and too much of the ale was also considered dangerous .
then he started moving again , circling a stand of suspicious - looking flowers .
anything as beautiful as those flowers had to be deadly on this planet .
it was a flower .
the most spectacularly beautiful flower he had ever seen .
slowly he raised the pulser and took aim at the base of the flower .
the flower , even dead , did not willingly give up its prey .
i should have left you in the flower , racer . ''
racer was going for the weapon he had dropped when the flower had caught him .
she responded to him the way a flower responded to sunlight , opening herself and welcoming him .
there was a tiny flower in a miniature bud vase positioned between the two place mats .
` ` it 's got tropical flowers on it , for the love of god . ''
she smelled like vanilla and some sort of flower perfume , just as he remembered .
chapter five the next afternoon , christine slammed the flowers that julie had assigned to her into the vase on the table , muttering under her breath .
she jammed another set of flowers into another identical vase and julie cleared her throat .
christine stuck another set of flowers into the next vase .
julie eyed her and straightened the flowers christine had just finished arranging .
` ` you 're upset about something and taking it out on the poor flowers .
you do n't have to beat up pretty flowers to prove it to me . ''
the vase full of fake flowers he 'd thrown against the door lay in shards now .
then he laid the fake flowers on the desk .
the worn - out path that had led to the tiny hotel had flowers and overgrown grass surrounding it , and the palm tree he vaguely remember being next to the sign was a bit bigger - but it was still there .
a hand - bound leather journal with a tie strap wrapped around a brass button shaped like a flower .
her lips were warm from the tea , and she smelled like a flower .
when he touched me - held me like that - something unraveled inside , like my heart was the knot of a flower and all the petals had suddenly unfurled .
because , bob , you see ... if they could n't tell us , then - for her , for us all - matt was a fly in amber , a flower in glass .
he took the flowers , set them down on a crate , and wrapped his arms around her .
the scent of the flowers in his hand mixed with the scent of hair gel and cologne .
she should have flowers and jewelry and a real hero instead of someone masquerading as one .
as kayla clutched the bouquet of flowers so hard her palms were sweating , susan regally walked down the aisle , smiling up at max with love shining in her eyes .
he knew she knelt by the stream , a bouquet of flowers clutched in her hand .
he clutched the flowers he held in his hand so tight it hurt .
he fell flat on his ass , blinking back the tears in his eyes , and dropped the pristine white flowers in the wet sand .
she smelled like flowers and like ... like ... her .
she leaned against the counter , setting the flowers down .
it was as if she had stepped into a greenroom of sorts , or a fairytale land , and there were flowers everywhere .
heart racing , she headed that way , following the trail of flowers he must have laid out for her .
behind him , his friends were smashing up her flower shop .
glass splintered and flew ; the flowers , innocent , scattered everywhere .
water gushed across the cement and tile along with all the flowers .
misty had nothing but her fists and her flowers .
just misty 's fresh scent , overlaid with the flowers she worked with all the time .
he turned out of the neighborhood and joined traffic on the 215 before he raced off on flamingo , heading to the flower shop in this middle - class side of town .
misty 's flower shop - flamingo flowers - was in a strip mall with other small retailers , which should have been quiet this early on a saturday morning .
misty 's flower shop - flamingo flowers - was in a strip mall with other small retailers , which should have been quiet this early on a saturday morning .
a glance into the shop revealed a mess : flowers , glass , and water all over the place .
flowers and spice .
she ran a flower shop .
she knew everything about flowers - their names , types , and popularity ; how they were cultivated ; traditional meanings of each flower ; which ones were appropriate for what occasion ; how to arrange them ; and which ones sold the best .
she knew everything about flowers - their names , types , and popularity ; how they were cultivated ; traditional meanings of each flower ; which ones were appropriate for what occasion ; how to arrange them ; and which ones sold the best .
he 'd come to her flower shop once , but only once - some customers had been reluctant to enter when he 'd been there .
the faint chill felt like the one in her flower room , always pleasant on a hot afternoon .
her flower room was nothing but smashed glass and petals now , misty thought in sorrow .
she 'd chosen a flower shop because people bought flowers when they wanted to make other people happy or cheer them up .
she 'd chosen a flower shop because people bought flowers when they wanted to make other people happy or cheer them up .
she 'd discovered selling flowers was not as easy as it seemed , but she 'd researched , worked hard , and got lucky when this strip mall had a small slot to fill .
these flowers should n't be thriving , not out here .
desert flowers could be gorgeous , but these were from a hothouse garden - large puffs of white hyacinths , climbing yellow roses , and red and pink dots of sweet william , mixed with tropical flowers like bird - of - paradise .
desert flowers could be gorgeous , but these were from a hothouse garden - large puffs of white hyacinths , climbing yellow roses , and red and pink dots of sweet william , mixed with tropical flowers like bird - of - paradise .
it coated the flowers and killed them instantly , then started toward graham .
the bedroom she used as her home office was comfortingly cluttered , her computer and sheets of invoices waiting for her to catalog them , her shelves filled with books on flowers and plants .
misty scanned the shelves , which contained books about everything from scientific studies of rose growing to the meanings of flowers in victorian times .
she had books on the care of cut flowers , flower arranging , how commercial flowers were grown and cultivated , and the history of every flower imaginable and how to grow them .
she had books on the care of cut flowers , flower arranging , how commercial flowers were grown and cultivated , and the history of every flower imaginable and how to grow them .
she had books on the care of cut flowers , flower arranging , how commercial flowers were grown and cultivated , and the history of every flower imaginable and how to grow them .
she had books on the care of cut flowers , flower arranging , how commercial flowers were grown and cultivated , and the history of every flower imaginable and how to grow them .
misty also collected unusual books about flowers , buying them at antique stores , flea markets , garage sales , and used bookstores .
she 'd found fascinating gems filled with flower lore from centuries past .
` ` that 's what you made me remember , reid - i 'd found a book of magic spells involving flowers .
graham was striding through her small yard , which she 'd filled with desert and tropical flowers she carefully cultivated .
strong hands - she worked hard in her store , carrying plants , heavy pots and baskets , armloads of flowers , buckets of water .
the moonlight poured down into misty 's backyard , rendering her colorful flowers pale ghosts of themselves .
` ` you eat flowers ? ''
you have to be careful to choose the right kind of flowers , though .
he wanted to stay kissing her forever , the fragrance of the flowers she loved wrapping around them .
misty 's scent was even better than the flowers ' , her soft body under his worth every second of his agony .
her brother leaned on a push broom in the main part of the shop and looked dejectedly down at the broken glass and ruined flowers .
` ` the flowers . ''
graham and the moonlight shining on her , on her garden , on the flowers around them .
she was a florist - she knew flowers and plants and how to sell them .
he handed her the little book of flower spells misty had let reid borrow .
in misty 's yard , he 'd thought her flowers pretty , but the ones here were terrifying .
fighting the flowers and vines was easier with his hands , and he managed to drag them from his face .
misty flipped to it and read the words printed in a fancy typeface , surrounded by line drawings of flowers .
` ` i 'd have these flowers in stock , but the gang boys destroyed everything .
the owner of the flower store had pretended to be very sympathetic to the vandalism to misty 's shop , saying she would n't blame misty for closing .
misty had taken her flowers without further word and departed .
misty thrust the bunches of flowers into ben 's , dougal 's , and xav 's hands and told them to follow her back to the convenience store .
maybe misty charging into his storeroom with two wolf cubs , a shifter , an armed security guy , and a whatever - he - was carrying armloads of flowers was n't the oddest thing he 'd ever encountered .
misty followed ben to the spot he indicated , and started laying the flowers in the patterns specified by the book .
when you went through the basement , and when the cubs did , you did n't have to use flowers and rituals . ''
but they remained in place , flowers scattered around them .
the flowers lifted around her , circling her , petals leading stems .
the whirling dropped away , the flowers falling at once .
she jumped over ropes of flowers she swore reached up to grab her as she passed .
she fell to her knees , shoving aside the flowers matt and kyle had loosened .
the flowers were tough , and they fought back .
misty had spent years cutting flowers and sticking them into vases or baskets , where they 'd last a while , then wither and die .
she had the sickening feeling that the plants were taking their vengeance for all those flowers misty had used .
` ` harvesting flowers helps the whole plant , '' misty said firmly to them .
dougal and misty pulled the rest of the flowers away from graham 's chest , but thick , tough stems wrapped his limbs and held him in place .
a few flowers raised their heads next to her , as though reading with her , which gave her the creeps .
` ` flowers , i can do , '' misty said .
` ` you 're going to tear up the flowers in here ? ''
it 's time for these flowers to give back . ''
misty had never before cut flowers that fought back , and she hoped to heaven she never had to again .
misty knew graham was truly out then , because he 'd have snarled at flowers covering his tatts .
the vine flowers watching her trembled , light flashed over them wildly as the twins struggled with each other over the mirrors .
he sat up , dirty , wet , and coated with flower petals .
must be her little book about flowers .
i mean , they 're flowers .
her legs moved as she ran about the cave , grabbing flowers and yanking petals free .
oison headed for misty , who was walking around and around her clump of flowers .
rock and sand poured from the ceiling , hitting the flowers and obsidian , the shifters and misty , oison .
paul had taken over looking after misty 's flower shop and its cleanup , so misty could stay with graham and help him .
short silvery grass trailed the path on both sides , flanked by a row of low emerald hedges , beyond which flowers bloomed : roses in a dozen shades , their heavy blossoms perfect ; constellation shrubs with bunches of star - shaped flowers in crimson , pink , and white ; yellow knight spears , their delicate flowerets shaped like tiny bells ... she would not be blooming .
flowers bloomed all around them , and rose was waving at her from across a sunlit garden .
it was an absurd sensation , but she felt herself opening up like a flower greeting the morning sun .
he looked back at her and smiled , as if they had stopped during a stroll in a park to admire some flowers .
no man had ever brought her flowers .
she would give anything to have richard bring her flowers .
another young blueblood flower , another blue satin .
here came lady olla in a beautiful gown of sea - foam green , a white flower in her red hair .
` ` how can you hide this beautiful flower in that country house of yours ? ''
` ` the country is where the flowers bloom the best , '' charlotte replied .
the question is how did a blueblood flower such as angelia end up with a dock - prostitute rash ? ''
sometimes he makes me dress up in a nice prim outfit , formal gown , flowers in the hair , the whole thing , and suck him .
` ` it 's the flowers , '' lorameh said .
just one of those flowers or plates would feed an edge family for a week .
the dog ran sideways to investigate some flowers .
people were climbing over the wall , dropping into the flowers one by one .
she saw everything with crystalline clarity - the monsters in the flowers ; sophie 's pale face as she turned to glance at her ; the desperation of knowing she was outmatched in the child 's eyes ...
the dark serpents of her magic smashed into the second agent , draining her dry and dumping her desiccated corpse into the flowers .
as if in a dream , bodies were falling around her , slowly and softly , like wilted flowers .
the flowers by her feet withered .
the flowers by the stone steps on which he stood withered .
in shorts and a t - shirt , deni planted new bedding flowers will had brought home for her .
the texas state flower , its lupine - like stalks thrusting up toward the sunlight , made the meadow almost shimmer blue .
around the path , flowers bloomed in curvy flower beds , yellow and blue blossoms catching the sun with delicate petals .
around the path , flowers bloomed in curvy flower beds , yellow and blue blossoms catching the sun with delicate petals .
the packet with the flower had vanished .
straight ahead , the five guys crowded around a tree growing from a square flower bed .
kaldar reached into his bag and pulled out a small metal box with a flower engraved in its top .
he pushed the center of the flower .
her decorations made no sense : a blanket in a bright southwestern style that clashed with everything , a star wars movie poster , some sort of potted flower , a scented candle , and a tomahawk .
` ` we moved a lot , and in every new place , she 'd plant flowers and hang pretty curtains .
we 'd be stuck in some hovel , but she 'd make it all spotless , plant flowers , and send us out to steal pictures to put over the holes in the walls .
eggshell and white planters hung from the lattice , containing emerald green plants , mimosa , and edge vines dripping down to meet palms , carefully trimmed shrubs , and flowers growing in large planters on the floor .
she 'd have picked at it to keep herself occupied , except it was an edge mercy flower , and it would peel the skin off her fingertips .
you sign a consent form and splash around in a garden with pretty flowers and ponds of warm water while good feelings are being pumped into you by magic . ''
the ward meant nothing to them , and they dashed back and forth , trampling the flower beds in their frenzy .
cerise swiped the flower dampener off the rail .
here and there , exotic plants spread their green leaves from thigh - high flower beds bordered with stone .
cerise settled on a chair next to her , slipping the flower gadget under the nearest shrub .
i ' m minor nobility and a delicate flower in need of rescuing .
he reached into his pocket and pulled out her hair band with a pale metal flower on it .
the minister droned on about man being cut down like a flower in his prime -- ridiculous , because mrs . mccray had been ninety .
` ` with the dragons , and the flowers , and the blue . ''
aimee mackenzie scattering flower petals down the aisle , isabella mackenzie following her .
he saw the swallow move down rose 's throat as she realized that her late husband must have sketched the flower .
feuds bloomed in the mire like swamp flowers , and some of the old - timers threw around heavy magic .
stacks of carriers , linen hampers , and bread bowls leaned against the walls ; round waste bins set into each other formed rush colonnades ; intricate hampers vied with flower panniers for space .
he would bring her flowers , swords , and whatever else she liked , until he was sure when he pounced , she would n't want to run away .
the wind smelled of water and the mimosa - tinted perfume of night needle flowers .
grandma az sat on the short brick wall bordering the flower beds .
cerise stood here looking at the flowers .
if she liked flowers , he would get them for her .
five minutes later , he climbed back up , with a handful of flowers in his hand , and followed cerise 's scent .
kaldar looked at his flowers .
he offered her the flowers .
she took the flowers and smelled them .
cerise wove the last flower into her tangle .
he would bring her more flowers and wine and anything else she wanted , until she liked him enough to stay with him .
rotting mud , the pungent scents of night flowers , the stench of wet dogs from the kennel ... a door bumped to the left , and a woman 's laughter , incongruously normal , sounded through the house .
they were closed , hiding the center of the flower like hands folded in prayer .
its legs vanished into the flower 's core .
by now the flower 's whips would have regained the liquid .
the flowers still bloomed in the small garden along the wall .
every yard was green , with gardens or flower boxes running riot with summer flowers .
every yard was green , with gardens or flower boxes running riot with summer flowers .
kim was no wilting flower .
so they invent strange rituals , like giving flowers and candy to ladies .
a few feet away , kim fixed a garland of flowers to andrea 's hair , the two young women chattering animatedly about whatever women liked to chatter about at these times .
andrea once again stood in the clearing with a garland of flowers on her head , sean at her side .
` ` he sells flowers ? ''
the sun still shone bright , the weather was pleasant , the garden flowers pretty , and the row of stuffed animals gazed at her with adoration in their plastic eyes .
it looked like a sprawling mishmash now , sitting in the middle of a wide lawn and bordered by small flower beds , metal junk , and four old rusted cars , none of which had run in the last five or six years .
to the left , near the bushes bordering the lawn , foul magic bloomed like a polluted flower , growing from several beast corpses .
she slowly pushed the cart to the side , to a display of fresh flowers .
magic bloomed like a flower .
moss and underbrush hugged its roots , trying to climb up the palisade , and pale flowers thrust through it to the sun , as if a wave of greenery had crashed against the wooden walls .
the perfume of countless flowers and herbs floated in the air , mixing with animal scents .
ask me to pick you some flowers . ''
what this flower of the highlands was doing in a seedy bar in the back streets of las vegas , eric had no idea .
the part of cassidy that had died when donovan had been killed blossomed like a long - dormant flower .
it 's not like i wanted him to be all over me all the time or shower me with flowers .
the shoes were gorgeous , high - heeled white mary jane 's with tiny pink rosettes across the straps , the exact color of the flowers nicole had chosen .
iona let out her breath and kissed her mother 's cheek , her emotions still swirling , and scurried away to pile into the back of the limo amid satin skirts and too many flowers .
i run a flower shop .
a flower , was his instant thought .
` ` a flower , '' he said .
` ` you know , because you have a flower shop . ''
he moved his gaze to the couple in the center of the crowd , a tall man who knew how to move his body in the dance , and a black - haired woman with a garland of flowers on her head .
the entire shiftertown was there , iona once more wearing a flower garland and standing with eric in the backyard .
graham said i should do it for you - i own a flower shop on flamingo . ''
` ` in your case , you 're going to rada to some kind of flower province .
` ` new delphi is the commercial center of the south , '' the officer said , ` ` but the city itself is located in the province of dahlia , hence the flowers .
shaped like an elongated flower bud , the guardian building contained an inner core of offices and working spaces , up the side of which the elevator now climbed .
wind fanned her , bringing with it a scent of some flower she did n't know .
an ornate lacy relief of vines and flowers sheathed the columns , blocking the il umination , so the spaces between leaves and flowers glowed with white .
in this part of the structure the outer exoskeleton of plasti - steel beams sloped , forming the upper curve of the flower bud , and the space between the diagrid and the inner core of the building was only about twenty - five meters .
ornamental shrubs and flowers formed green barriers , slicing the deck into smal private sections .
little white flowers bloomed in the flower beds , fil ing the air with a refined perfume reminiscent of peaches .
he was bouncing about sniffing flowers .
` ` you never brought a girl flowers and candy ? ''
on it a young dark - haired woman laughed , wearing a crown of flowers .
he looked incredible poised against the backdrop of the flower beds that gave the province of dahlia its name .
it made her look like an upside - down flower .
she stood like a flower , fragile and vulnerable , the only color in a world of gray .
she smelled like flowers , faint perfume clinging to her skin .
` ` i ' m not a hothouse flower to be sheltered ; i know a thing or two of the world .
she smiled at him in perfect faith , a flower just opening .
one knew what one had to read and eat and wear , what flowers should be in the church , and what colors on the altar .
everything had to be exactly right , from the flowers threaded through the arbor to the pate to the champagne and whiskey that flowed freely to all guests .
she loved the way the stairs squeaked , and the flagstone passage to the kitchens echoed , and how the rear doors opened to a cluttered garden filled with birds , flowers , and lan 's dogs , ruby and fergus , who 'd come to live with them .
the very center of the hall sported a round table with a massive flower arrangement that the staff changed daily .
it used to sport a marble statue of an entwined greek god and goddess by bernini , but as beautiful as it was , beth had decided that flowers would be less shocking to ladies who might pay calls there .
i could n't paint when molly posed because she 's only a model to me , like a vase of flowers .
isabella stood with her sister and mother and beth among the flower beds , with beth holding aimee .
a bowl of yellow hothouse roses rested on a table next to her , a mix of rosebuds , full - blown flowers , and those that had already started dropping petals .
a petal fell from a flower , and she silently admonished it .
i ' m not a fainting flower . ''
in whatever city they happened to be in , he 'd leave a hothouse flower - usually a rose - lying in the corner of a garden where it would not be seen by the casual passerby .
she 'd pick up the flower and take it home , keeping it to remind her of him until they met again .
the little flower with its hidden meaning had warmed her heart more than any apologetic note could have done , and he 'd known that .
her heart fell every afternoon when she found no flower waiting for her in the appointed spot .
a little violet , the kind men purchased from flower girls to wear on their lapels , rested at the base of the tree .
someone must have dropped the flower .
the flower remained , sitting in the exact place hart had left the others for her years before .
the flower will mean that i can not come to you as promised , but i will when i can , he 'd told her when he 'd come up with the idea .
she lowered the flower to her chest , to her heart , and drew in a shuddering breath , forcing back tears .
eleanor doubted he 'd left the flower himself .
then again , she might be entirely mistaken that hart had left the flower .
reeve had been in the tunnels all day , mrs . reeve taking the opportunity to visit her sister , so lewis had had plenty of time to purchase and drop the flower in place and then linger to watch eleanor find it .
hart listened hungrily to lewis 's description of her lifting the flower to her nose , her face flushed in happiness , how she 'd pressed the violet to her heart .
of course , eleanor would not simply pick up the flower and quietly return home .
he knew well and good that he 'd sent the flower to her for another reason - he feared that if she believed him dead , she 'd turn to another , david fleming , perhaps , for comfort .
the flower had told her he was all right , but she needed to touch him to believe it .
i scoured the square for any sign of who had left the flower , but no one noticed anything .
the portrait was difficult to pose , because no sooner were the younger children seated in front than two - year - old robert decided that he 'd much rather run after the butterfly that had landed on a flower on the edge of the terrace .
` ` stupid flowers . ''
she smiled though her blue eyes were wet , and the hands that plucked the flower from her lap were long fingered and trembling .
the porcelain was fine and almost paper - thin , the flowers painted on it with a skilled hand .
the silk of the bodice he parted caught on the rough tips of elliot 's fingers , the lawn of the corset cover smooth and embroidered with silk flowers .
its garden was formal , with shrubberies , fountains , and summer flower beds in full bloom .
the walls were freshly painted , curtains hung in the windows , and a flower box outside the window overflowed with summer blossoms .
i told mrs . bassington - smith that your mother indeed was a scatterbrain , and we all knew it , but that you were as unlike her as a flower is to cheese .
ye fill this with flowers from yon meadow , and she 'll be baking ye oatcakes in no time . ''
i had picked a bunch of dandelions and bloody dandies and made two flower crowns .
a large patio stretched in front of me , all sand - colored stone , with vegetation confined to narrow rectangular flower beds , running in two lines toward the building in the back .
so what , you 're going to retire and open that flower shop you always wanted ? ''
violet had n't seen such a person in the dining room , only mortimer 's friends , fair flowers of the english aristocracy .
my little flower .
` ` my little flower . ''
he said , ` ` my flower ... '' then life left his eyes , and he fell forward onto her , sliding down the front of violet 's beautiful dress .
a wilted nosegay reposed in a vase in front of the judge , both judge and flowers looking weary in the extreme .
bertie liked to come up to the park when she had the time , to look at the flowers in summer , the trees turning colors in autumn , and the horses trotting along the rotten row any time of year .
she liked regent 's park even better , with its avenues of flowers and sloping lawns , but she could n't get that far north very often .
isabella sat down opposite bertie to help make the flowers , and treated bertie to her assessing gaze .
bertie swallowed and kept folding flowers with fingers that had chilled .
the crowd rushed to the huge foyer , where the flowers bertie had helped fold were being released , the light things floating down from the landings above .
i dipped the bucket into the pond , set it between us , and sat on the low stone wall of a flower bed .
each of his questions was always punctuated by a short ` ` no , '' and once he was old enough to understand that his mother probably had liked things like soap and flowers and socks - that his father 's answers had simply become a habit , a reflex as rote as saying ` ` bless you '' after someone sneezes - he stopped asking altogether .
there were rows upon rows of new jersey souvenirs , glass thimbles with the state flag and spoons stamped with the official flower .
but he did n't know any of the particulars , and hearing something other than a fact - that she was born this year and died that one - had reminded him that she must have once taken walks here , picked flowers in the park , and said hello to neighbors on the street .
for a moment she was calmed by the thought that this could be anywhere - any old meadow in any old town , the kind of place where dogs run in circles and kids fly kites and flowers grow each spring - but then a face seemed to materialize out of the fog , a metal statue of a soldier gazing impassively over the site of his own death , his horse frozen beneath him , his gun forever at the ready .
it was like he 'd been born a blue flower in a field full of red ones and had only now been plunked down in a meadow so blue it might as well have been the ocean .
the tree that hung over her plot dropped chestnuts like little bombshells , and the wind carried the stale scents of dried flowers and death .
the damp grass was cool against her bare knees , and she raked her hands through the dirt , wishing she 'd remembered to stop and buy flowers .
there were a few dried flower petals beside one of them , but most looked largely abandoned .
there was a phone booth to one side of it , looking out of place between an air pump and a display of feeble - looking purple flowers , and peter heaved open the rusted door .
she 'd babbled on about the location of her locker and the unfairness of her chemistry teacher , the reasons she liked winter better than summer and her failed attempt at planting flowers this spring .
ellie offered her a smile , and she came to a reluctant stop just a few feet away , the two of them regarding each other across the bed of yellow flowers that separated the boardwalk from the road that ran parallel to it .
it does n't fit somehow , this image of him before her , clean - shaven and bright - eyed , a small purple flower pinned to his lapel .
she glances at the pews as she walks past ; little bouquets of flowers , tied off with silk ribbons , are balanced on the end of each one .
hadley trails after the happy couple as dad shakes hands and charlotte kisses cheeks , occasionally introducing her to people she 'll never remember , repeating names she barely hears - dad 's colleague justin and charlotte 's wayward cousin carrie ; the flower girls , aishling and niamh ; and reverend walker 's portly wife - the whole unfamiliar cast assembled on the lawn like a reminder of all that hadley does n't know about her father .
` ` and they go on a trip together , on a bike , but then the elephant runs away , and she cries so hard that someone brings her a flower . ''
even so , she ca n't seem to pull herself away , and she stands there watching the aftermath of a wedding not unlike the one she just witnessed herself , the flower girls and the bridesmaids , the flashes of the cameras , the friends and family all wreathed in smiles .
` ` he bought flowers to leave on the boardwalk .
he 'd seen the flowers resting on the kitchen counter last night , still wrapped in cellophane and already wilting .
the wind lifted her hair from her shoulders , and he caught the scent of something sweet ; it smelled like flowers , like springtime , and it made him a little dizzy .
but when he opened the door to the apartment , his eyes fell on the kitchen counter , where he 'd seen the bouquet of flowers just a couple of nights before , and something about the memory made him feel like crying .
when a shadow fell over her , she lifted her eyes to find a man with oily black hair smiling down at her , a basket of flowers in the crook of his arm .
in fact , in the six days they 'd been in italy - first florence and cinque terre , then siena and finally rome , her whole spring break filled with beautiful art and astonishing architecture , staggering cliffs and seaside houses , pizza and pasta and even a little wine - she 'd been offered flowers by at least two dozen people .
but it was n't long before they discovered that the vendors were everywhere , completely impossible to avoid , hawking not just flowers but also sunglasses and wallets , flags and pins , even small bottles of olive oil .
owen sat up a bit straighter in his seat , watching his father disappear inside , and a few minutes later , dad emerged with a bouquet of flowers wrapped in cellophane .
over the past months , their neighbor - an elderly man who used to bring them fresh - cut flowers from his garden every spring - had been forwarding batches of mail each time they settled somewhere long enough to let him know .
in the morning , he 'd go around the corner to the gym that was always offering free trials , where he 'd take a shower , change into clean clothes , then buy some flowers on the way back and wait for her in the lobby .
maybe i 'd buy her some flowers .
` ` did you get my flower ? ''
and he always had a flower with a cute little message on it .
take the flower . ''
` ` we did n't invite you , and she does n't want the flower . ''
` ` she loves flowers .
i reached out and took his flower , my hand so tight on the stem that a thorn dug into my palm .
i 'll stop giving you messages and flowers .
no more flowers and inspirational notes ?
the problem with her wanting a fancy date with flowers and dresses and jewelry and valet parking was i was n't fancy .
they murdered thea 's sister , her husband , and their twin daughters who were flower girls at the wedding .
i do n't have a dress , you do n't have a best man , and instead of flowers , we have corpses on poles decorating the front of the house . ''
` ` flowers are on the way , as is my best man , three seamstresses are ready to make any dress you desire , and i 'll have the corpses taken down , '' he replied without missing a beat .
if he had seamstresses standing by plus flowers and a best man on the way , he was n't just serious about wanting to get married tonight .
he had n't been kidding about the seamstresses , the flowers , or anything else .
the hallway had flowers wrapped around white stone torches that were spaced with polished shields between them .
vlad carried shrapnel over to one of the holes in the stone , dropping the end of the pole in as casually as putting a flower in a vase .
` ` were those dried flowers on the mantel hers ? ''
i stroked the flowers when vlad held them out .
i walked through the meadow , adding flowers to the growing pile in my basket .
he might dismiss all the flowers as feminine fancy , but he 'd notice ingredients for darker magic .
when i morphed back into my own mindset , i stared at the crumbled bits of dried flowers in my hand , torn between rage and incredulousness .
i stroked the dried flowers again .
below it , an indoor garden with plants and flowers arranged around chairs , couches , and a marble fountain .
kira 's parents had been former flower children who were all about free love , even after they got married .
kira 's eyes widened as she saw the mist of flowers sweep toward her on the ground .
mencheres did n't reply , but he sent his power out in another wave , grouping the flowers into a trailing comet that dipped and swooped around the tops of the trees in an intricate ball et .
then he gradually widened the circle and brought it down around her , encompassing her inside a sheath of flowers .
mencheres let his power fall away , freeing the flowers to float down gently to the ground around her .
after a quick search of the grounds that revealed only exotic flowers , plants , and a few really nice statuettes , denise went back inside .
max 's neighborhood reminded me of the one surrounding little five points , with small yards overflowing with summer flowers .
max 's house was gray wood with a rock foundation , a wide front porch , a red door , and white flowers in the window boxes .
` ` she 's sending flowers to his house this afternoon , '' delilah said .
are flowers bad luck ? ''
i 'd be willing to bet nobody ever sent him flowers before . ''
finding me in his driveway would probably be even more unusual and traumatic for him on game day than receiving a bouquet of flowers .
` ` she 's sending flowers to his house .
or warn his parents about the flowers .
` ` so , will you intercept the flowers ?
i turned off the air - conditioning and opened the windows to the hot wind and the smells of late summer flowers and traffic .
i inhaled the scent of the flowers and smiled .
i sauntered to my house , taking big sniffs of the hot evening air scented with cut grass and flowers , not minding too much that i had to spend a few minutes blowing a gnat out of my nose .
` ` mirabella and alvin , '' frances said , ` ` please turn on the garden hose and water your mother 's beautiful flowers . ''
he stood in the bow , one arm cradling a bouquet of roses - a funny contrast , this muscular football player carrying pink flowers .
but three enormous bouquets of flowers in vases on the dresser caught his attention .
the flowers might have something to do with it .
there were flowers , but they all seemed to have thorns , and some green stalks thrown in could n't have been anything but briars .
he 'd remembered sarah 's birthday , and he 'd bothered to send her flowers .
quentin was about to add , i ca n't believe you 'd give this guy the time of day after he sent you flowers and divorce papers on your birthday , but that was just an excuse .
` ` anyway , to me , the real beauty of a wedding is n't the dress or the flowers or the chapel or elvis .
i looked back at the flower .
like any fifty - year - old who had a little money saved up and considered herself a free spirit , lois drove a vw bug with a yellow faux flower in the dashboard bud vase to match the yellow paint job .
the trees along the sidewalk budded spring flowers in the cool night .
their voices faded into the background as saintcrow sat in the overstuffed chair across from the sofa , absorbing the smells of the house - soap , shampoo , shaving cream , toothpaste , the lingering odor of cooked food , disinfectant , the fragrance of the flowers on the table beside the sofa .
his fingertips skated up and down her arm , an innocent caress , in and of itself , and yet her body responded to his touch like a flower opening to the sun .
earlier in the day , he had watched kristine walking through the gardens , more beautiful than any of the flowers .
because she liked flowers , the rooms were filled with them - fragrant roses from the gardens , wildflowers and lacy ferns from the woods .
he could hold a glass , pick a flower for his wife , caress her warm , soft skin ... .
vases filled with flowers that did n't bloom in the winter added splashes of color to the room .
vases of dried flowers on the mantel and the table .
she was love 's first kiss and a baby 's first cry , spring 's first flower and presents on christmas morning .
even though his body was n't there , she visited his grave each week to make sure it had fresh flowers .
rose bushes grew on both sides of the yard ; flowers bloomed along the red brick walkway that led up to the house .
` ` i get new flowers or a fruit basket every hour .
at home again , she called a florist , and even though frank did n't need any more flowers , she ordered a bouquet to be sent to his room .
her father brought her mother lingerie on valentine 's day , flowers on mother 's day and jewelry for christmas .
he held her when she needed holding , listened to her secret fears , rubbed her back , ran errands in the middle of the night , changed diapers when necessary , brought her flowers for no reason at all , and assured her that things would get better when the babies were a little older .
i bought some pretty potted plants and flowers and spread them out as artfully as i could along the tops of some of the bookshelves .
in addition to wide silver bracelets , silver crosses , and dangling silver earrings , they both wore designer jeans , brightly colored silk blouses , comfortable sneakers , and fake flowers in their hair .
the only time i had ever received flowers before had been from my father .
` ` for kathy , lovelier than the fairest flower .
she stood there a moment while memories of happier times spent in this house played through her mind - a vague recollection of her mother walking her to kindergarten on the first day of school , the scent of freshly baked cookies that had always lingered in the air on monday afternoons , the birthday parties and holidays in the backyard , the flowers her father had sent her the day she received her first big assignment at the chronicle , all the nights she and her father had spent talking , laughing , working together .
the air was warm ; perspiration trickled down her back as she moved from one flower bed to another .
colorful flowers and shrubs lined the walkways , surrounded by white , wrought - iron fencing that was clearly intended to protect the blooms from small , curious hands .
fresh flowers graced the tables .
` ` hearts and flowers ? ''
i even had my own little section where i planted all of my favorite flowers .
i tore my eyes away from the flowers and looked up to see a bright blue , sun - filled sky .
go sit in my car with it running so i do n't kill the flowers .
i thanked colin for the flowers by mixing him a perfect manhattan without him having to tell me what he wanted .
i decided the girl would n't mind if i put my own twist on the garnish , and i added a flower petal .
stolen kisses in the shadows of buildings , holding hands on the quad , flowers being delivered to me from him by some of his pledges , but looking at the memories without aaron at my side made me question them - and made me question my happiness .
he had always been happy to let me come in to take pictures of the flowers and plants .
when i found the container of wild flower bubble bath , i knew i could n't resist .
i spent my break taking pictures of flowers at the nursery across the street .
i 'd have to rush to have some flowers delivered to mom .
i usually just get her flowers or something , but then jake always outdoes me with some meaningful gift . ''
i spent a few minutes finding the right site and looking for some flowers i could actually afford .
i held kelly 's flowers , did a short reading , and enjoyed every moment of their beautiful and simple ceremony .
` ` what 's your favorite kind of flower ? ''
it was impossible to have anything but a great day with so many beautiful flowers surrounding me .
i was still thinking about the flowers that night .
` ` is this from the same person who got you all those flowers ? ''
` ` i got her car fixed , took her out to lunch , got her some flowers , and took care of a drunkard . ''
thanks for the flowers and card , by the way . ''
the bellefleurs had been around bon temps as long as there 'd been a bon temps , so i was n't amused at a man being ` ` beautiful flower . ''
` ` she 's out planting flowers this morning . ''
his sheets were flowered like his wallpaper , and i remember wondering if he liked flowers printed on his possessions because he could n't see the real thing , at least as they were meant to be seen ... in the daylight .
i puttered around the house , took a short nap , watered gran 's flowers .
` ` yes , and she says you do n't send her flowers , '' lisa said .
i used the tub full of flowers that gran had planted as cover first , then i crept to her car , my second goal .
the focus of the third floral tribute was a bizarre red flower i 'd never seen before , surrounded by a host of other , more familiar blooms .
` ` why ca n't you just send me some damn flowers , like anyone else 's boyfriend ?
there was a tasteful wreath of grapevines and dried flowers on the door , which almost disguised the peephole : this was clever mainstreaming .
am i obliged to write a thank - you note , or may i simply send flowers ?
` ` maybe i should send luna some flowers , '' i said , hardly able to get the words out of my mouth .
while all this repartee was flying around me , i pulled on the silk robe , which was black and pink and white , all flowers .
the small living room was still filled with the maple furniture my mother had picked out at the discount furniture store , and its upholstery ( cream with green and blue flowers that had never been seen in nature ) was still bright , more 's the pity .
i met her eyes briefly , and then decided to focus on the dried flowers in the basket on top of the television .
around them would be planted jonquil bulbs , and iris - the same flowers that are in my grandmother 's yard , the same bushes that have grown in southern yards for generations .
we sent her flowers and candy , '' he told pam .
minnie 's flowers and cakes stood in a lonely position , the largest store in a strip of three that had , one by one , faded and gone out like flames on a candelabra .
white hair , pants , blouse with flowers on it .
i ' m sending lots of flowers to the hospital .
all the tables had been covered with white or dark red cloths , and elaborate flower arrangements were in the middle of each table .
at fifteen , she 'd been radiantly happy in her rented white sequined gown , glittering crown on her head , flowers in her arms .
there were flower arrangements and bowls of fruit and even a stuffed cat crowding the level surfaces in the room .
i made sure to mention the flowers he 'd sent and told her i 'd be fixing calvin some dish to mark his homecoming .
there was a propane tank , which no amount of landscaping could disguise , but my grandmother had planted plenty of flower beds to add to the ones my family had established over the hundred - and - fifty - odd years the family had lived here .
maybe he was pulling up weeds in the flower beds .
` ` he negotiated with louisiana for months and months , and even jade flower got tired of hearing about the queen .
` ` i would feel more at ease if i knew jade flower was with you , '' the king said .
` ` then , of course , i would be proud to have a fighter like jade flower accompany me . ''
so here we went - the queen , jade flower , andre , sigebert , wybert , and me .
i reached into my little purse , pulled out a kleenex , and patted my cheeks while all the vamps stared at me , jade flower with the most identifiable expression i 'd seen on her face : contempt .
i looked at the queen , trying to pick up on some clue , and she gave a tiny flick of the eye toward jade flower , who was sitting on her right .
i did n't know how jade flower could be sitting in her relaxed position with the long sword strapped to her back .
but i definitely had the feeling that behind her expressionless face and flat eyes , jade flower was listening to everything that transpired .
jade flower slithered out of the backseat next and added her eyes to those scanning the area .
the guards gathered in a clump by the gate so they 'd be as far away from the magic as they could be ; even jade flower seemed respectful of the power that was about to be put to use , even if she did not respect the witches as people .
sigebert and wybert were wide - eyed and solemn , jade flower appeared disgruntled , and rasul looked faintly amused , as if he were thinking of the good stories he 'd have to tell in the guards ' mess hall .
the brothers bert cried out , jade flower drew her sword without my even seeing her hand move , and the queen 's mouth fell open .
even jade flower , who had resheathed her sword , looked faintly interested .
i looked longingly at the gate , but jade flower stepped into the gap and stared at me , her eyes black holes in her round face .
andre , sigebert , and wybert could definitely take me or leave me , and rasul might think i would n't be a bad companion for an hour on the town - but jade flower would enjoy whacking off my head with her sword , and that was a fact .
jade flower will report the fact that i came up here with sookie .
he crushed my hair in his hand and inhaled deeply , as if he were extracting the perfume from a flower .
the flower ? ''
did the flowers turn out like you wanted ? ''
somewhat startled , peter threadgill turned his large eyes on quinn , and jade flower kept her eyes on what her king did .
jade flower was distracted by andre 's movement forward , and her eyes followed his .
i was sure i 'd find jade flower at his back , but she was having her own problems , i was glad to see .
i did n't know if jade flower would die of this terrible wound or not .
he sank it into jade flower 's neck , over and over , and then her head was off and he was looking at me .
in fact , they were in better shape than my ankle , which jade flower had hurt pretty badly .
there was a lot more to explain , about mr . cataliades and gladiola and jade flower , but i was too tired to volunteer information .
chapter 23 ` ` what was the deal with jade flower ? ''
when one of them came to deliver the queen 's message to me , jade flower followed her and killed her .
the wound was pretty drastic , and after i saw jade flower 's sword and watched her whip it out so fast i could n't see it move , i figured she was a likely candidate for the designated killer .
i talked to a guy who definitely remembered jade flower . ''
she wore little navy sandals with flowers on the straps , much more appropriate than my heels .
late in the afternoon , i was deemed capable of tossing the salad , and i got to put the cloth and the little bouquet of flowers on the table and arrange the place settings .
i did n't have any flowers or a little vase , which was the only other thing i thought of that i could ' ve added .
you could feel clearly that fall was on the way , was already in the ground waiting to leap up and claim the leaves and grass and flowers .
i looked at the flower beds around the house and decided to weed .
it was in her honor that i tried to keep the flower beds looking nice , and now i sighed and made up my mind to get the job done .
with my right hand , i sank the trowel in the soft dirt of the flower bed , loosening the roots of the nasty weed , and pulled it up with my left hand .
i was just working away weeding the flower bed , and the next thing you know , he was standing right there telling me how much he was looking forward to killing me .
there was quite a heap of glittering powder on my driveway and in my flower bed , and there was still his torso remaining .
` ` yes , and i ' m in charge of flower arranging and doilies , ` ` said vance with a perfectly straight face .
i knew it had to be the right place because not only were there a bunch of bonfires , there were also renaissance - faire- ish chicks wandering around in long , gauzy dresses , with garlands of flowers in their hair .
i wandered over to where two other nymphs had a male faery pinned and were taking turns beating him over the head with a bouquet of flowers he 'd evidently strapped to his hip ( male faeries are n't , as a rule , the otherworld 's most manliest men ) .
surely it was only interest in my welfare that led to the phone calls , cheery letters , and cards with cartoon wolves , plus three flower arrangements , two fruit baskets , one cookie bouquet , and a box of frozen steaks .
i love the flowers blooming ( which happens early here in louisiana ) ; i love the birds twittering ; i love the squirrels scampering across my yard .
the neighborhood had lawns , pretty lawns , with rigidly planted and mulched flower beds - but a lawn - care service trimmed every blade of grass there , pruned every bush , raked every leaf .
the flowers were still piled on miss caroline 's grave .
easter was over , but the flowers on the methodist altar were still beautiful .
my mother 's favorite flower is the peony , so i have an almost cryptic interpretation of one surrounded by shaded water with the words , ' struggles are not identities , ' woven through the art .
and my excitement blooms like a flower in a rainforest .
a flower child for the modern age .
no flower or gift or grand gesture is going to fix this .
how love is a precious , beautiful flower , and marriage is the water and sunlight that helps it grow . ''
the flower girl and the ring bearer .
i pick up the flowers i bought for her off the passenger 's seat and make my way up to her front porch , noticing the flowers that line the walkway and the hanging plants along the front of her house .
i pick up the flowers i bought for her off the passenger 's seat and make my way up to her front porch , noticing the flowers that line the walkway and the hanging plants along the front of her house .
i grab a beer and lean against the counter to watch her as she measures the flowers , pulls a knife out of the butcher block , lays the flowers over the sink , and then starts to saw the ends off .
i grab a beer and lean against the counter to watch her as she measures the flowers , pulls a knife out of the butcher block , lays the flowers over the sink , and then starts to saw the ends off .
once she 's done , she fills the vase with water from the sink 's faucet , drops the flowers in and arranges them , and then sets the bouquet on her table .
then i saw the flowers .
she refused to get a gun at first ... until she saw a white ruger lcp .380 with pink flowers all over it .
i almost refused to let her get it - no gun should have flowers on it - but i figured that , if she was carrying it and it could kill someone if she was in danger , i did n't care what it looked like .
there are no crazy impersonators , or gaudy decorations ; it was just a simple room with a large alter , and six pews along the sides with beautiful cream and white flowers running between them .
the music begins , and ashlyn starts down the aisle , dropping flower petals as she goes .
her hands are in front of her , holding a bouquet of pink flowers that match ashlyn 's dress .
she smells like flowers or something sweet .
but i also know that she smells like flowers , loves to be held even if she denies it , is cute as f**k when she 's angry , and is funny as hell when she lets down her walls .
` ` when the f**k did cotton panties with flowers become sexier than lace shit ?
` ` they pick flowers in the meadow .
the boy brings his flowers to me .
but the girl does n't want flowers from the meadow .
she will not take the flowers , so the winged boy brings them to me .
marian had cleaned up the herb garden , flower gardens , and rock garden , letting the plants reseed themselves .
raised flower beds bordered all four sides except where the stone steps led down into the garden .
daemon came here often , and it held so much of his sorrow and grief she wondered how the groundskeepers could stand tending the flower beds and trimming the lawn - and cleaning the fountain where a woman with an achingly familiar face rose out of the water .
` ` they 're going to pick all the flowers , '' daemonar said .
she 'll like that just as much as picked flowers . ''
` ` can we go back to picking flowers ? ''
theran asked as he studied the thirteen pots that were sheltered by the raised flower beds that formed the terrace wall .
ranon stared at the flower bed .
ranon stared at the special flower bed gray had made for cassidy - the plants were similar to ones found in dharo but were native to dena nehele .
gray was more dazzled by the small courtyards that were shady gathering places accented with flower beds .
also has enough land for a big kitchen garden , herb garden , and flower gardens , plus some ground gray says will suit the honey pears . ''
the flower beds have been looking very weedy and unkempt lately .
a large woven basket sat at the edge of the queen 's flower bed .
gray flung out his right hand , aiming for the flower bed .
the bulbs vanished ; the plants fell back into the flower bed .
similar to one of the spring flowers in dharo , but not quite the same .
the kind of flower gray called common ground .
or he 'd stare at the flower beds gray had restored , at the spring flowers that had already bloomed or would bloom in a couple more weeks , according to julien .
or he 'd stare at the flower beds gray had restored , at the spring flowers that had already bloomed or would bloom in a couple more weeks , according to julien .
` ` marian says shredded parchment makes a good mulch for flower beds . ''
one was a flower , one was the crest of her initial , and the other ... ` ` geoffrey and i did a little digging in the library and found the grayhaven crest that had been used during the time when the gray ladies ruled .
his voice had risen to a kind of desperate keening and he looked ready to bolt , so she turned toward what might have been a flower bed at one time .
` ` weed the flower bed . ''
` ` good enough , '' she muttered as she hurried back to the flower bed , returning at the same time gray arrived with the rattling wheelbarrow .
he seemed to be mulling over a lot more than spending an hour weeding a flower bed .
chapter 12 terreille gray rolled the wheelbarrow to the edge of the partially weeded flower bed , just as he 'd done for the past few days .
weeded flower bed , just as he 'd done for the past few cassie had n't come back .
he 'd felt good working with her , listening to that husky voice as she asked him questions about the flowers .
he 'd also watered that flower bed late each night so the ground would stay rain soft and be easier for her to dig .
hours spent poring over maps might accomplish something in the long run , but an hour spent weeding a flower bed provided results she could see .
cassidy slanted a look at gray , who had crept up to the flower bed and now stood a long step away from her .
not wanting to wonder why he was standing that close , she stared at the flower bed .
cassidy shrugged and stared at the dug - up flower bed she could barely see .
he did n't know what to ask , did n't know what to do , did n't understand why those black - edged red flowers upset her so much .
ranon might have been resentful about having any man say that to him if lucivar had n't turned around and done a lot of the work himself , using a combination of muscle and craft to clear out the old flower beds with ruthless efficiency .
` ` a flower bed like that would remind her of dharo but still belong to the place she now calls home , '' daemon said .
he lifted one craft - preserved flower out of the box .
i ' ve sent flowers from the late - spring and early - summer plants , but hopefully you 'll be able to match the others from the sketches in the book .
she must have waited for some of these flowers to bloom so she could send them to you . ''
i told them about the flower bed you wanted to plant for her .
i mentioned that some of the flowers cassidy 's mother had sent looked similar to plants that grew in the southern part of dena nehele , so they sent these back with me .
` ` this will make the flower bed even more special . ''
she looked at the flower bed and thought , home .
his throat was too tight for words , so theran handed the letter to talon and focused on gray and cassidy , who had their arms around each other 's waists and were pointing at parts of the new flower bed gray had planted for her .
then he walked over to the new part of the garden , where gray and cassidy were still talking about the flowers they could see and the ones that were still just seeds in the dirt .
you might want to show them this flower bed .
just outside the dining room , where people would be waiting for their turn to enter , was a dusty table with a vase of dead flowers .
in fact , marian sometimes shaped witchfire into a flower and floated it inside a glass vase filled with water .
a home of her own , with a garden big enough to grow food , flowers , and the herbs and other plants she could sell to healers for their special brews .
maybe some flowers .
that was the only explanation he had for marian trying to clear , close to half an acre of land in order to plant a few vegetables , herbs , and flowers .
she 'd never be able to clear all of this and have the pleasure of seeing vegetables ripen and flowers bloom this year .
` ` lady marian wants a kitchen garden , a bed for herbs , and some flowers . ''
when she 's planning what bulbs to plant for spring flowers . ''
marian turned away from the bed of spring flowers , wary of the friendly tone in luthvian 's voice .
the lift in his own mood suffered a blow when he saw her gently touch the petals of one of the spring flowers .
he leaped over the flower beds , lightly touched down on the stone wall , then launched himself skyward toward clean air ... and away from a place that now filled him with pain .
as he clung to a stone to keep from sliding further into the mist , the petals of one flower opened , became a tiny hand ... with a missing finger .
it was quiet here , almost peaceful here , despite the flowers .
when she began working on the leaves , the center of the jewel became dominantly green , then shifted to rose with a strong touch of red while she created the flowers .
but why had the man taken the time to fill a jug with flowers ?
but the flowers gnawed at him .
it should n't have mattered , but it did - because a rogue who should have hated her for owning slaves had given her flowers .
jared looked at the jug of flowers sitting on the wooden table and could n't shake the feeling that , somehow , he 'd made a mistake .
when he 'd checked outside the buildings , there had been no sign of a bouquet of flowers tossed aside .
it did n't bother him that she 'd taken that sapphire - jeweled bastard 's flowers with her .
so it did n't mean a thing to him that she had taken that bastard 's flowers with her because he wasnot jealous .
somehow , the clean windows and the small flower beds on either side of the brightly painted door made the rambling stone building look rougher , like a sweaty laborer standing next to a woman dressed for an afternoon tea .
flower beds that had dazzled him with color when he was young held a few wind - seeded flowers that looked spindly and faded .
flower beds that had dazzled him with color when he was young held a few wind - seeded flowers that looked spindly and faded .
selecting a short - bladed knife , dorothea glided over to one of the large , potted , flowering bushes that sat near her playroom windows and cut off two overblown yellow flowers .
` ` tell me more , '' dorothea purred as she cut the flower stems until they were barely an inch long .
walking up to the quivering thing , dorothea tucked the flowers into the holes where its ears had been .
so now he smells like flowers . ''
gardeners trotted in with armloads of freshly cut flowers .
meeting her had been his dream , a sweet , ever - blooming flower in his soul .
he nodded to the head gardener , who was standing near the back flower bed .
he got to his feet , brushed the dirt from his knees , glanced at the flower bed , and froze .
there was a bouquet of fresh flowers on a table near the windows .
i cradle a flower in my hand , hoping it will survive , and feel the land grow colder with each passing hour .
` ` i ' ve always been proud of my accuracy and aim , cat , but even i ca n't water the flowers from here . ''
vegetable garden , herb garden , flower gardens '' , rock garden .
better to see the world and know a tree for a tree , a flower for a flower rather than to look through gauze at gray and ghostly shapes and see clearly only the shards of one 's self .
better to see the world and know a tree for a tree , a flower for a flower rather than to look through gauze at gray and ghostly shapes and see clearly only the shards of one 's self .
soft , thick rugs ; white walls with tasteful watercolor paintings ; dark furniture ; an oversized , gauze - enveloped poster bed ; music spheres and the ornate brass stand to hold them ; sliding glass doors that led out into a walled private garden with a small fountain and petite willow trees as well as a variety of night - blooming flowers ; and a bathroom with a shower and a large walk - up sunken tub that was positioned in front of the glass window overlooking the garden .
with a bow and a flourish of his wrist , he presented her with a bouquet of flowers .
flower or weed , witch blood was beautiful , deadly , and - so legend said - indestructible .
turning , she headed toward him , pausing now and then to admire a late - blooming flower .
a single flower blooming in an endless desert . ''
as she picked a flower here and there , it turned into a knife , sharp and shining .
i asked as i set the flowers down and led him to the dining room .
` ` yeah , you know , he runs through the train station to bring her the flowers before she leaves .
i hooted and hollered , and threw a flower that had been left by housekeeping in appreciation of the show .
or that you could be whisked off into a world of fantasy and excitement by a handsome stranger , instantly connect , and be in perfect sexual sync from the second his mammoth male member teased your delicate flower petals .
certain that it would be laced with flowers and sun , i was surprised when it smelled the same as pennsylvania .
and as i ascended the last charming creaky stair , i stepped onto the wide expansive porch , dotted with ferns and flower boxes filled with a riot of color .
through the large , sunny window on the back wall you could see the barn and the garage , the flowers out back , and the ocean .
i used my feet to push against him , rocking his manliness against my secret flower , feeling this beautiful man .
table settings , flowers , dresses , linens - you name it , she had it in a binder .
` ` -you can see how i 'll be capturing the light of the chapel to accentuate not only the soft pastel pinks and peaches of the flowers , but also to set off the natural golden tone of my skin . ''
i spent a few minutes throwing out the flowers from last week and arranging a new display .
every monday i stopped in a local shop to choose flowers for the week .
she smiled when she saw the new flowers in the vase on my desk .
` ` yes , banging aside , '' i mused , running my fingertips back and forth across the tops of the flowers .
i snapped , grabbing for a ring of fabric swatches and knocking my flower vase over .
the flower i left her this morning is a step towards making all of this up to her .
with each flower , there has been a note with a gift .
by day five , i ' ve caught on to what brax is up to with his daily gifts , especially when the flower was accompanied by the photo booth photos from shay 's party .
his little gifts and flowers throughout the week have succeeded in reminding me just how sweet he truly is .
no one has ever bought me flowers .
with a huge grin he walks up , hands me the flowers , and leans in to give me a sweet probing kiss .
he pulls away , leaving me wanting more than a kiss , and takes the flowers into the kitchen to put them in water .
he turns around with the vase and flowers just as i reach him in the kitchen , splashing water all up my top .
then i thought the last minute wedding bouquet change where the color flowers mac wanted were n't delivered on time would be the clincher , but i was wrong again .
i place the flowers in a cup of water so that they 'll last my shift , then put the food on the table and grab my cell from my pocket with the intention of sending a short , sweet text to say thank you .
i ' m guessing the early morning lunch and flower delivery was from you ?
thank you for the lunch and flowers , they 're beautiful .
helen was in charge of choosing our flowers and our outfits .
` ` with flowers and an apology like that , you 're forgiven , '' i say with a smile .
she holds out the bouquet of flowers she bought for daniel 's mother .
kate is more of a romance and flowers girl .
i never promised him hearts and flowers .
her heavy oak desk was empty of stuff - no pencil cups , no flowers , no lamp - but for the royal blue folder that lay in the exact middle , its edges parallel with the edges of the desk , as if placed just so .
on one shoulder was the strap of a backpack , and in his hand was a slim vase that held a single , puffy flower - a peony , maybe .
the flower and backpack were n't jason 's only accessories .
` ` and we brought you a flower . ''
and thanks for the flower . ''
there were two of them ; both had brass doors engraved with flowers .
this chunk of the pedway was actually much nicer than the last one i 'd seen - the floors were fancy stone with glittering chips in it , and long wooden flower planters lined the sides .
they grappled , bowled down the aisle , knocking flower stands and hymnals to the ground .
mallory , who lost her parents in a car accident when she was young , inherited the house and everything in it , from the chintzy rugs that covered the hardwood floors , to the antique furniture , to the oil paintings of flower vases .
he drove down from navarre house just to surprise me with flowers .
these were just - because flowers .
` ` nice flowers , '' she said as she reached me on the sidewalk .
i put the flowers on the conference table , then went to the hanging wall of folders that held instructions , announcements , dossiers , and anything else luc felt we needed to know .
he strode toward the house , dressed in jeans and a couple of layered t - shirts , a shamelessly happy grin on his face , a paper sleeve of flowers in his hand .
mallory gave him a bright smile , and gave me a concealed thumbs - up , then set about finding a vase for the flowers while morgan and catcher said their manly hellos - consisting of a symbolic head bob from catcher ( of the ` ` you 're in my lair now '' variety ) and a responding nod from morgan ( of the ` ` you are clearly the king of this castle '' variety ) .
a vase in one hand and the flowers in the other , mallory paused at the threshold of the kitchen .
` ` likes , dislikes , favorite flowers , '' mallory put in .
probably to make inroads with my father , he 'd delivered flowers to me after the performance .
the vase of plastic flowers above it toppled , and the wood cracked as the table leg splintered with the impact .
he dropped the flowers into the water , then looked back at us .
the car smeled of flowers and grass , and i wondered if claudia had ridden in it .
i found helen there , kneeling in the foyer , picking up a spoiled bouquet of flowers from the floor .
` ` thank you , '' she said , gathering an armful of flowers and rising to her feet again .
not so small that it had n't drawn blood ; the pungent aroma of the drops she 'd spilled was a low note beneath her perfume and the smell of the flowers .
it was winter , so most of the beds were brown and bare of flowers .
by the time i made it into the hallway , robin had reached the bank of elevators and moved behind the pedestal table , plucking up the vase of flowers .
today , it held a vase of wilted flowers .
wilted flowers in the living room , and the bed was unmade .
the room was as nice as the lobby had been - a private suite with a sitting area and a bank of flower vases along the windowsill .
` ` a delicate flower named lethal , '' ethan said .
the hospital smelled the same as it had when he 'd been admitted a few days ago : like disinfectants and flowers .
it was like a permanent spa retreat : beautiful , luxurious , scented faintly like cologne and hothouse flowers .
when she 'd finished with the flowers , mallory put her hands on my arms .
mallory had said the obelisk had been magicked , in part , by someone who knew his or her way around flowers and herbs , including the sassafras powder .
he owned and operated a small flower shop and traveled around the world to acquaint himself with plant varieties .
` ` once he realized you were n't there and his smooth talking and flowers were n't going to score him any points , he dropped the charm .
pleasure bloomed , like a flower under the warm , nourishing rays of the sun .
but his touch acted like miracle - gro to a flower .
renewed hope took root inside me and blossomed like a flower in the spring .
she had potted flowers lining the concrete steps .
his warmth was like a sauna and my skin soaked him in like a blooming flower on the first day of spring .
a flower design specialist , '' i said around a bite of cheesy goodness .
` ` i work at a local flower shop , putting together bouquets and arrangements . ''
i get to stare at beautiful flowers all day and make bows with gorgeous ribbons . ''
if that thought was n't enough to scare the flowers off my sundress , the music playing over the sound system cut off and people began to cat call and cheer .
` ` i thought it was better than flowers , '' he said , shutting the door and following me into the kitchen where i set my present .
` ` well , that and flowers would have just been a bunch of stems after the trip on my bike . ''
he carried me like i weighed nothing , and his body gave off a delicious heat that my skin just soaked up like a flower on a sunny day .
it looked so out of place sitting there in the center of the small , tucked away neighborhood amongst the cheerful houses and blooming flowers .
yellow siding and flowers in the yard .
when we came home from hell , from trapping beelzebub 's soul and hecate 's old - lady body ( by binding her powers with the petals from a flower that grows on an island in hell ) in the very cell in which they contained kimber , we were n't celebrating .
` ` she must have found where the flower grows .
i wanted to punish her , but i wanted that flower .
` ` i returned your powers to you , unbound them , but only because i want that flower .
i did n't see her outside tending to the ever - blooming , never - fading purple flowers that flourished around the house .
` ` she wants the flower , riley , '' ana cried in my ear .
when i wanted to go in the house , she shook her head , saying ` ` flower . ''
i walked around the house , carrying her in my arms until we reached the bank where the flower grew .
` ` you must protect the flower !
above all else , the flower must make it out of here . ''
` ` take the flower and go .
heven and sam kneeled down in the dirt beside the flower , the flower that still glittered like there was n't a war raging around it , and began to dig it up .
heven and sam kneeled down in the dirt beside the flower , the flower that still glittered like there was n't a war raging around it , and began to dig it up .
` ` get the flower , '' i yelled at heven and she jammed her hand deep into the soil and lifted out the fragile flower and placed it in the homemade bag .
` ` get the flower , '' i yelled at heven and she jammed her hand deep into the soil and lifted out the fragile flower and placed it in the homemade bag .
heven rushed to her side , showing her the flower .
heven tucked the flower and the last of its dust into her arms and then climbed on the hellhound 's back .
she scrambled over me , toward the spot where the flower had once grown .
chapter twenty - five heven the sounds of kimber and hecate followed us as we raced to get the flower to safety .
i held up the hoodie that held the flower .
` ` we saved the flower . ''
` ` we need to hide that flower . ''
` ` who could possibly come that we would trust enough to give them this flower ? ''
i wanted to hug her , but my arms were full with the hoodie and flower .
` ` we 're the new keepers of the flower , '' cole said , motioning to the bundle gemma cradled in her arms .
` ` we were told that we were perfect to take the flower and the island and protect it .
they did that fist bump thing again and i turned to gemma , giving her a one - armed hug around the flower .
i reached into my pocket and pulled out the black velvet satchel filled with the last bit of dried flower petals ana gave me .
i was thin , but my frame was n't willowy like a flower blowing in the breeze , but strong like a tree that had put down roots .
i told her about how her church group was praying for her and about the beautiful flowers they had sent yesterday .
` ` you brought us out here to look at a flower ? ''
` ` it is n't just any flower , '' ana said kindly .
` ` come , '' she said , bending down to pick a petal off the flower .
then she set the cup by the stove and placed the flower petal at the bottom .
it is my job to hold up the glamour and protect the flower . ''
` ` thank you for sharing the flower with us .
if anyone found out about the flower ... well , i guess you know how badly things could go . ''
i held the rose out , suspended above the hole , and looked down , saying a short prayer of my own before letting go and watching the flower fall gracefully down .
instead i looked out over the cemetery at all the other marked graves and spots of color from the flowers decorating them .
maybe that flower will heal you . ''
they must have fed me the flower tea .
` ` the dried petals from the flower can be ground down into a fine powder and when blown on hecate , her powers will be bound . ''
` ` do you have any dried flower petals ? ''
i crawled closer and yanked out the pouch that held the dried flower dust i used on hecate .
i spun in a circle , the flower petals tickling my ankles and the sun 's rays kissing my skin .
around me the flowers wilted and died ; their brilliant colors turning a putrid brown .
` ` he sent flowers . ''
if i do n't get out of here i 'll go crazy looking at these flowers all night . ''
without saying a word , he reached out and fingered the snowy petals of one of the flowers .
piper sat down on the couch , staring at the single dead flower in a vase full of living ones .
i went to grab my coat and noticed i was still holding the phone , so i sat it on the coffee table next to the vase of flowers .
i began walking again , changing my footsteps and heading toward a small flower shop on the corner .
` ` i bought those flowers for him .
he brought the flower over to me and lowered himself onto the edge of the coffee table , holding it out .
i looked at the flower .
` ` why ca n't people be as easy to read as a flower ? ''
i smiled and brought the flower to my nose to take in its bright scent .
` ` maybe that 's why people like flowers so much .
` ` only girls like flowers , '' he said with a smirk .
and then there were the flowers .
i told myself if she knew the real me , the me that was trying to murder her , she 'd throw away those flowers and that picture real fast .
chapter twenty ` ` 1 - 800 - flowers - elegant flowers for any occasion . ''
chapter twenty ` ` 1 - 800 - flowers - elegant flowers for any occasion . ''
the rational part of me said i was being silly for getting so melty over a flower - a flower that technically he had n't really given me because i bought it , yet the gesture behind it got to me .
the rational part of me said i was being silly for getting so melty over a flower - a flower that technically he had n't really given me because i bought it , yet the gesture behind it got to me .
no one had ever given me flowers before .
i picked up a magazine , determined i would n't sit here and stare at a flower for hours , and began to read .
the sheer size and volume completely hid the single flower i 'd been staring at moments before .
his words from the night he 'd given me the single flower replayed through my head .
then i went back to the vase and reached around to pull forward the glass with the single flower .
my slightly curled hair looped around the flower and it looked right at home .
a girl who got beautiful flowers from a boy .
had i really been so caught up in those flowers ?
then around another mouthful , she said , ` ` where 'd you get the flowers ? ''
` ` a fancy car and flowers ... you do n't stand a chance . ''
` ` well , it is n't flowers , '' she said , glancing at my bouquet .
` ` i got the entire day off , a delivery of flowers , chinese food , the best cupcakes ever , and i ' m about to watch a thoroughly entertaining movie with my favorite person in the world . ''
` ` well , he can definitely pick out flowers . ''
` ` i got the flowers .
piper said , pulling me toward a carved vase full of ice flowers .
inside the vase was a yellow light giving all the flowers a cheerful cast .
i asked , raising an eyebrow and wiggling my gloved fingers , and i reached toward the ice flower .
i left piper still admiring the ice flowers and casually wandered over toward the ladder .
from out of the yellow glow stepped a man in a charcoal - gray suit with a white flower in his lapel .
they zeroed in on the frozen flower box that decorated my windowsill .
it was n't lost on me that this was mine and dex 's flower .
i ignored the harsh biting wind to reach out and tug the perfect flower from the ice .
` ` they 're all elements from my venezuelan home , the foliage , flowers , vines . ''
as at the underground cavern , what surprised her was all the plants , like this was any ordinary beach community with window boxes full of trailing vines , flowers , and even small shrubs .
he took the flower , and she moved on .
she 'd never been a gentle flower .
there were vegetable and flower gardens everywhere , and she could hear kids out there playing , yelling , crying , all of which supported her theory .
he stood near the large central table , the one with the seven - foot - tall floral arrangement and the living magnolia flowers .
they were young , maybe two , walking in a field , tugging on flowers .
she opened for him , a flower blossoming so that he could penetrate her mouth .
how could this fire - woman smell of flowers ?
she had a glimpse of the white and splashy flowers appearing on a chair near the blinds .
it was just great to be with a friend , to be outdoors , to be chatting about the weather , about the flowers , about nothing important .
he ought to send horace flowers or something .
the month had been april , and even now she could smell the hyacinths in bloom , that light powdery fragrance , the flowers that came up by bulb just outside her kitchen window .
she 'd been dressed in a lavender cotton gown gathering flowers from her extensive garden , the one she had designed specifically for making arrangements for the house , a true cutting garden .
she felt like a delicate flower surrounded by the power of him , the force of him , the determination .
the flower flopped around as he moved .
as long as he lived he vowed the smell of that flower would forever remind him of the feeling of coming home .
the companion added , open for us , lovely flower .
he closed his eyes and ran through a litany of flowers , starting with the ones he sent to women he intended to bed - not roses , not carnations , not lilies .
lawn traveled forever , trees brought in from all over the world , and flowers everywhere .
i think i'ii bring flowers home tonight .
he 'd gotten near enough to her once , trapping her in a corner of her gallery , to catch a fragrance that smelled wonderfully rich , like an exotic tropical flower .
i ' m smelling exotic flowers , heaps of it .
do you know that your blood tastes like that as well , like i ' m drinking nectar from flowers that grow in the tropics ?
even her skin tasted of her tropical flower scent .
the scent of her sex , rich with her tropical - flower fragrance , hardened him even more .
and there it was , his deepest truth , the one he 'd shunned the entire time he 'd pursued batya , that he loved her , that he 'd fallen hard maybe from the first time he 'd caught that tropical flower scent of hers .
* * * * * * * * * even batya 's skin tasted like her tropical - flower scent , something rich , heady , more than he 'd ever dreamed of .
i ' m not a delicate flower that needs to be tended to every second of the day , or rather night . ''
glancing around the square , she saw that in the middle of a pedestrian - only track , lined by planters of flowers , benches , and an occasional well - lit street lamp , a central disk formed a cross - path .
abigail walked the length of the hall , passing by doorways , catching sight of the occasional staff - member performing some household function whether arranging flowers , doing light dusting , or polishing silver since there was a lot of silver in vojalie 's home .
she drew in a soft breath at the sight of the beautiful garden , a rolling lawn , hillocks of trees and flowers here and there , which she could see easily because it was just as vojalie had said , the floodlights created a near - daylight environment .
he batted it away and about a hundred socks flew in every direction , some pink , some purple , many embroidered with flowers , none of them his boot socks .
she even suggested sending flowers to the funeral , which was either a lovely gesture , or the sign of a very calculating and manipulative woman .
as queenie , she also offered to contribute to the flower fund .
she kept fresh flowers and a stack of books there under a mirror that had come with the standard decor .
he shoved the vase of flowers in her hand and spun her around .
she could n't see any part of either of them , just the flowers stable and steady even as they appeared to float in the air , nothing obvious maintaining them in place .
carefully , she set the flowers down and turned to him , no idea how to proceed .
` ` i 'll hang back here , '' she said , flicking her finger over the faux flower arrangement in front of the elevators .
every week she got a bouquet of fresh flowers sent to her with a computer - generated note that said , ` ` thinking of you .
i sent flowers , '' he added , because he did want credit for something .
shit , maybe i 'll even grab her some flowers on the way home . ''
corbin was going to pass on the flowers .
if you go all domestic on him , honey this , honey that , did you take out the garbage and why do n't you ever buy me flowers he 'll have you out so fast your head will spin .
he held out the bouquet of flowers he 'd been hauling around .
she took the flowers , sniffed them . ` `
they 're funeral flowers .
` ` how was i supposed to know they were funeral flowers ?
if he was n't careful , he 'd be buying flowers and going down on one knee , making an ass of himself .
women planted flowers .
it did n't sit well with me that you could claim yourself a devout christian , then plot revenge on your neighbor for their dog destroying your flower garden .
my flats were yellow , like the flowers in the dress , and i had tied my hair up in a simple bun .
he carefully set the sweater down on the console table my mother used to sort mail and display fresh flowers .
what was even more impressive was that when we were near the checkout lane he decided to spend the last five bucks in his budget on a bouquet of flowers , not for me , but for his aunt 's grave .
exasperated i finally typed back a simple ` ` no '' while phoenix collected his two bags and the flowers .
phoenix pulled one of the flowers from the bouquet out and snapped off the stem .
i set the flowers down on their side .
then because i felt too tall , too overpowering standing up , i squatted down and peeled the plastic wrapper off the flowers .
but for now , i hope you enjoy the flowers . ''
` ` most guys just bring flowers , and i ' ve never done that . ''
he came into the room , a bouquet of flowers in his hand .
he 'd brought me flowers .
i set the flowers down and tried to reach the nightstand .
i gestured to the flowers .
my mom deserved a huge thank - you and maybe some flowers because not only had she forged ahead and raised me on her own , she had done a damn good job .
i felt like my thumbs had disappeared into a flower garden .
a holiday i frankly despised , given that it had morphed into a commercial marketing ploy to sell flowers and chocolates under the pressure of being a romantic failure if you did n't comply .
women liked flowers .
chapter seventeen say it with flowers ( but not to saxon ) wyatt walked down the street with his flowers and called stella .
chapter seventeen say it with flowers ( but not to saxon ) wyatt walked down the street with his flowers and called stella .
wyatt relaxed , feeling like even more of a jackass , his damp fist curled tightly around the flowers dangling by his side .
` ` are those flowers for me ? ''
her gaze met his , warm and nervous , before dropping down to the flowers .
stella sucked in a small breath , the flowers bouncing below her chin as her hand shook .
` ` we can put your flowers in water and you in my bed . ''
cort supposed it was nature 's way of making them more effective hunters , another way of drawing their prey to them like some lovely and very deadly flower .
she set her flowers down on his coffee table .
her face was tucked in the shadows , her hair falling over her cheek , a soft crisp breeze drifting over him , bringing the scent of flowers to mingle with the tangy aftereffects of their lovemaking .
a celtic cross , or flowers .
no , flowers are too feminine ... maybe barbed wire , or you could switch jess to jesus . ''
his finger hovered over her crotch like a hummingbird with a flower .
he had thought the house was great , a two - story colonial with black shutters and a bunch of flower beds .
the flowers he 'd loved so much , she had seen as unruly and extra work .
traffic was light in this neighborhood , trees tucked into little squares of dirt curbside , and flowers spilled out of window boxes .
mandy went up the front walk with him , taking in the trim lawn , the tidy flower beds , and the stone duck sitting by the front door .
the smell was a mix of the old musty , stale air , and the newer scents of candles burning and a vase full of flowers .
she came from france , a fragile french flower , got her portrait painted , then died . ''
` ` i ' m going to take jessie some flowers .
sara had always told her mother carnations were n't classy , they were a cheap filler flower , but her mother had liked them .
the only time i like purple is when it 's a flower .
gabriel was n't the type for overblown gestures like flowers or public displays of affection , but she liked his quiet style better .
` ` my mother 's favorite flower . ''
the scent of flowers from the neighbor 's hanging baskets filled her nostrils , and god , she felt good .
the band was setting up on the second - floor landing , the flowers were being arranged on various surfaces , and jen was running around with a clipboard in her hand looking frantic .
i pictured a cupcake or a flower .
there was still a key in the garage under some old flowerpots no one had put flowers in for twenty years .
damn things had the flowers in a chokehold .
you 'll have me decked out in flowers or something .
take her some flowers .
` ` now we have to pick out flowers and a caterer and find a tux for ken , '' amanda said .
piper ran toward the front door , heading toward the grassy area to the right of the driveway that had a few hardy flowers and a metal swing set that had been dropped off by one of danny 's cousins the day before .
you did n't give flowers to someone you were n't dating .
you know , i think i owe her a big thank - you and maybe some flowers .
` ` i feel like we should have brought flowers or something . ''
the front yard is no longer full of bright flowers , the pots outside the door now empty of anything but soil .
` ` you do realize flowers are an acceptable surprise , right ?
you flit in and out of my life like a butterfly , and i ' m still the poor flower sitting and waiting for you to come back every time . ''
either way , with the perfectly kept flower boxes at the windows , it looks like the perfect place to get away .
too many flowers crowd the beds lining the cobbled path up to the little wooden door .
grammy must have every type of flower possible in her front garden .
little flowers sit on the windowsill in a window box and pots of bright flowers are on either side of the bright red door .
little flowers sit on the windowsill in a window box and pots of bright flowers are on either side of the bright red door .
gram throws a winter flower bulb at the back of his head and it bounces off .
a bunch of flowers , a bottle of wine , a box of chocolates , and a night to drool over taylor lautner without any jealous , snarky comments . ''
i 'd spend endless time in the garden drawing flowers , sketching birds and butterflies to fill in later .
i ' m guessing he 's not a flower type of guy ? ''
` ` might as well send flowers for a f**king wake up call . ''
` ` cards and flowers , mate , cards and flowers . ''
` ` cards and flowers , mate , cards and flowers . ''
he steps towards me , and i take the flowers .
but the flowers were all my idea . ''
i trace a finger along one of the flowers , following the line with my eyes .
i do n't usually get flowers . ''
` ` carl did n't get you flowers ? ''
bing carl did n't buy her flowers ?
` ` i ca n't believe that you , samuel edwards , bought little old me flowers . ''
` ` but it 's still not flowers and chocolate , is it ? ''
the green of the leaves on the bushes peeking out , the blades of grass just starting to break through the snow , the winter flowers unaffected by the cold temperatures .
am i supposed to take wine and flowers ?
looks like i ' m going on my gut feeling ... and that says yes to flowers and wine .
i manoeuvre the trolley back round , still mulling over what to cook , and head towards the flowers .
i scour my eyes over the display , finally finding some pink flowers , and put them in the holder at the end of the trolley .
my eyes travel over the numerous bags , settling on the flowers lying in front of them .
` ` when i was twelve , she told me that one day she 'd grown up and marry a rich guy from london who would let her paint pictures of pretty flowers and rainbows every day .
` ` i knew then , i wanted to be the guy that would let her paint pretty flowers .
you want me to send her flowers and a fucking teddy bear holding a balloon that says ' i ' m sorry ' ? ''
i want to be the guy that turns up with flowers for the woman and a toy for the baby just because .
he 'd be a jerk when he needed a fix , but he 'd buy her flowers and stuff to apologize after .
i played on the now yellowing grass in the front yard , planted the wilting flowers and , with pearce , helped dad paint the little fence that surrounds it .
there 's no laughing in the kitchen at breakfast , no water fights when the flowers needed watering , and no candy , mom 's cocker spaniel , there to greet you at the front door .
the flowers mom and i planted when i was ten ... .
i blast my hair with the hairdryer , clipping it away from my face with a flower pin , and smudge on some make up .
i frown at him as he pulls up outside a tidy , two - story house with perfectly pruned bushes and flowers .
the drive is lined by circular bushes and winter flowers .
the small , black marble headstone sits alongside my gran 's , and megan places a small bunch of flowers against it silently .
i try to name all the flowers i see in an extreme attempt to distract myself from kyle but it is n't working .
i like flowers turning up at my door , i like birthday presents , and i like it when my best friend surprises me with a girls ' weekend .
` ` i was told to come here so you can help her decide flowers .
` ` have you ever seen a guy pick flowers ? ''
` ` no , but if i keep having to plan his wedding , he 'll be picking flowers out of his ass**le . ''
do you want a bunch of flowers up your behind , too ? ''
i look at endless flowers with dayton , and after an hour , the different kinds all seem to blend into one .
` ` of me or the flowers ? ''
he 's hot on my heels when we return to the front of the store and find dayton mulling over two different types of flowers .
there are flowers sitting on some of them , and almost every building i can see has some sort of a balcony .
` ` what , do you want me to send flowers and shit ? ''
` ` then i 'll send you a bunch of flowers secured by a pair of handcuffs . ''
they 're accompanied by the cutest little boys in suits , who are holding flowers and teddy bears and lollipops for their ` ` dates . ''
i know they 're the best agency and the girl is promising , but with all the shit with flowers and caterers dropping out and now this , it feels like we 'll just never be able to get married and just be fucking happy . ''
something to do with the flowers ?
stella passed another flower and bobby pin over her shoulder .
clasping the fragrant flowers , stella started up the steps and into the shining sunlight .
she trailed her fingers over a bush , her fingers snagging on the bloom of a yellow elder , the national flower , which bloomed year - round .
` ` date you , be your boyfriend , buy you flowers and candy , take you on dates . ''
i ' m not a wilting flower , and i thought that was something you liked about me . ''
an image of her father in his uniform came to mind , so vivid she could almost smell the flowers in the funeral parlor when she 'd seen her father wearing it for the last time .
he was thinking of flowers , for god 's sake ?
in here , the guest room for brice , a mammoth asian silk flower arrangement rested on top of the chest of drawers , a green marble buddha underneath .
he 'd gone all out with a five - star restaurant , paid the lounge singer extra to serenade her , even bought exotic flowers .
` ` hell , forget i said anything and give me a chance to take you out on a real date with flowers and music . ''
a wilting flower would n't be as tempting .
her head fell to rest on his shoulder , the scent of mediterranean herbs and flowers drifting upward .
he 'd already purchased the flowers , and tonight after work , he would deliver them to her grave .
the flowers for heather should stay fresh in his car .
too bad somebody had forgotten to inform the yearlong knot in his chest to go away once he 'd placed the flowers on heather 's grave last night .
he could n't assume everything was flowers and rainbows just because the cargo drop had gone well .
the flower dangled between her suddenly weak fingers .
he knelt to pick up the flower petals she 'd dropped .
she took the flower from him and pitched it away .
damned if he would take flowers to another grave of a woman he cared about .
no finesse or flowers or pretty words , he was all raw emotion , and damn it , but that tore through him .
that 's better than flowers . ''
stalking past a silver coffee carafe and spray of hothouse flowers , she spiked divots in the plush carpet as she set her eyes on don .
once upon a youth long lost , she had dreamed of leaving weapons behind and growing flowers .
security lights played off the pink and deep purple flowers .
the scent of freshly waxed floors and flowers greeted her , but not even a cat or dog of her own .
waxed floors and ... flowers ?
` ` you 're trying to persuade me by giving me flowers ? ''
she slid the flowers into the jar and tucked it under the faucet .
she placed the flowers on the end table by the floral sofa , a perfect match for the rustic charm of her place .
yet , as she sat here inches away from this incredibly sexy cowboy who 'd just given her the sweetest flowers , she could only think of how much she 'd wanted stone to kiss her earlier .
and there were fresh flowers on the end table .
stone stood on the porch , the smell of the tulips and the feel of johanna still fresh in his senses even though he 'd left her and the flowers inside .
she knew he 'd certainly stolen them from a vase in the lodge , and she could n't help but note how both cousins had snagged the closest flowers at hand .
` ` i forgot my flowers .
she stumbled back a step , watching him eye her room , walk to the flowers then peer out the door .
feeling vulnerable , she rushed to scoop up the flower and said , ` ` i ' m trying to decide what to pack for the trip .
` ` are you still sulking because alex brought me flowers ? ''
he picked up one flower petal after another and placed them in her hair .
she shoved to her feet , dusting the flower petals off her jeans in angry sweeps .
she 'd been pleased to discover the first pair of jeans and a flannel shirt , yellow with flowers that made her smile as she rubbed the baby - soft fabric against her cheek .
best of all , beside the faucet rested something that meant more than all the candles , flowers or security upgrades in the world .
` ` a woman who does n't give a crap about flowers . ''
smiling as she shared flowers .
her bedroom fan pull sported a miniature soccer ball with tiny flowers painted on the white patches , a gift from her brother last christmas .
carson had even sent her flowers the morning after they 'd made love .
he plucked something from her hair , a flower , orange spiky leaves drifting to the ground as he flicked it aside without moving away .
he skimmed the flower over her collarbone and wondered why he 'd never thought to do this before .
the woman adored flowers and he loved ... whoa .
a lean , gorgeous man stretched out in the middle , apparently uncaring that his flight suit and boots would smell like flowers .
he 'd forgotten all about lying around in those flowers with sara .
only her mind and the flowers she 'd scooped into her pockets .
he plucked a soggy flower from her luscious hair , glistening even darker when wet .
to think i ' ve been wasting precious bucks on flowers and candy all these years . ''
i 'll pick out my own flowers if i want them . ''
` ` i forgot about the flowers . ''
` ` kirstie and i planted flowers just like those . ''
she wanted to go see her old house and her friends and flowers .
a new family lives in our old house , and they planted the same kind of flowers we did . ''
` ` the one with pretty flowers in the side yard that daddy and i planted for mama for mother 's day .
julia abandoned the flowers and leaned in for another hug , held tight for an extra minute .
she slammed her cup down on the end table beside a basket of flowers .
followed julia and bo out the door as chris jogged past inside with a small suitcase and basket of flowers in his hands , cheetos bag in his teeth .
jammed his hands in his pockets , dodging strategically planted clumps of flowers in rena 's tropical jungle that would put professional tour gardens to shame .
the flowery scent of her shampoo that reminded him of all her flowers filling the dark , empty places in their lives .
lifted the crutches out of the back of the truck in their driveway , sidestepped a bush of pink flowers ... azaleas maybe ?
` ` do you think your mama likes the flowers ? ''
no way could he envision himself with flowers and candy in hand on her doorstep .
flashes of their wedding poured alcohol over his wounds , their big church ceremony packed with family , flowers and smiles .
hope bloomed like a flower that found water hidden in the cracked desert .
she was n't a wilting flower , but she also was n't stupid .
her fingers slid from the tiny flowers and sought the warmth of her coffee mug .
slim hips and an incredible tush were covered by ... flowers .
the army cid agent in charge of secured communications twirled a tropical flower between her palms .
twining vines and flowers caressed her bare arms .
a flash of indigo and neon yellow snagged her attention with hues not found in any of the flowers she 'd seen on the island .
her matching panties and ribbed tank top , some kind of pale - orange color with flowers patterned over every enticing inch , were n't the garb he found on most sharpshooters .
she searched the room - the rigid hardwood chair , the gleaming sink , rolling tray with flowers .
zach twined around a couple carrying flowers , past the gift shop , toward the elevators .
` ` for now , i ' m going to give it a center - stage spot with the other cards and flowers . ''
one hint of all the images churning through his head , and she would bash him over the head with a flower arrangement .
i want patrick to see flowers and smiles .
unlock the front door and i 'll unload the flower shop in your back seat . ''
julia twirled the flower between two fingers , her laugh too high , too thin .
she dropped the flower on her lap .
zach set aside a bottle of passion flower pink polish and crouched beside her , stroking a hand over the baby 's soft white hair .
` ` i ' m not the wilting flower type .
with ivy tucked under her arm , julia tickled her son 's nose with a flower .
matron of honor , julia sinclair , in midnight velvet held the hand of flower girl magda , lori 's adopted daughter from the sentavo rescue mission .
the little girl 's honey - brown curls danced around her face , a circlet of flowers pinned on her head .
her pulse double - timed like the hummingbird speeding through a nearby flower bed .
` ` you had planted flowers . ''
while i was gone , you planted those yellow and purplish little flowers in pots in front of my apartment .
but when we stepped back out and the porch light zeroed right in on those homey flowers ... '' lori could n't decide whether to cry or slug him .
she 'd attached so many hopes to those flowers , certain that if she worked hard enough , made his home life perfect enough he would stay .
` ` do you ever wonder what would have happened if you 'd had an extra condom lying around and had n't found those flowers until the next morning ? ''
the yard stretched for half an acre , with a gentle slope for sledding in the winter , flower beds in the summer .
` ` do you even have to ask me , the guy who broke through the school 's supposedly impenetrable computer firewalls in order to hack your bank account and send flowers to the latin teacher on your behalf ? ''
` ` as i recall , that trick did n't go so well for you since she and i were quietly seeing each other and i 'd already sent her flowers .
` ` but the flowers i chose were better - casablanca lilies , if i recall . ''
the elevator dinged a final time , opening to a domed hallway with brass sconces and fresh flowers .
troy stood behind her , leaning in ever so slightly until his bay rum scent mixed with the perfume of live flowers .
he steered her out of the way of an older couple snapping photos of flowers , touching her with such ease , as if they were lovers .
the flower in her hair floated free .
hillary slid in front of him , wearing a floral sarong knotted over her br**sts , a flower tucked behind her ear .
there were a few extra flowers in the garden and more toys in the yard - a bike lying on its side , tire swings spinning in the wind , and a fort built into the v of a sprawling oak tree .
lacey noted he was kind enough not to tell her they did n't allow flowers in flo 's area of the hospital .
there 's no family to greet me or hand me flowers .
i sent flowers , chocolate ; i just wanted to make things right .
then there 's the tuxedos , the final flower arrangements , the ... '' ` ` relax .
` ` definitely for the tuxedos , possibly for the flowers , '' pete said in an obvious last - minute attempt to maneuver the plans to his advantage .
in fact , his gesture seemed out of place , like that of a man who 'd bought his wife flowers to assuage his guilt over an affair .
her gaze fell to a small bouquet of freshly cut flowers in a vase on the dresser .
half an hour later , she 'd cut her flowers and weeded a small area in the back , all without overexerting herself .
after placing the flowers in strategic rooms around the house , she 'd do the smart thing and kick her feet up for awhile .
on the kitchen table , a vase filled with freshly cut flowers .
` ` i would n't want these flowers to go to waste . ''
he glanced down , noticing for the first time the delicate bouquet of white flowers she carried in her hand .
she accompanied the other woman out the open french doors and down a winding path , lined with green foliage and pink flowers juliette could n't name but loved on sight .
she 'd been so entranced by seeing him , only now did she realize he not only carried a breakfast tray , but also a bouquet of exotic flowers beneath his arm .
he was building their romance slowly , with deep , drugging kisses and intimate gestures like flowers and breakfast .
this baby 's a lot more expensive than flowers or candy . ''
she 'd opened the shades and put real flowers around to make for a cheery atmosphere and space .
if asked , cara could n't say how it had happened , but somehow , annie tossed the flowers and tess , who had n't yet turned sixteen , ended up in possession of the bouquet .
since the flowers had arrived , cole acted like evan was both the enemy and direct competition who needed to be chased off .
` ` these are incredible , '' she murmured and went on to name a variety of flowers she obviously recognized .
but my mother was always very specific about flower orders when she planned her dinner parties .
` ` beautiful is an appropriate word in more ways than one , '' he said , speaking more of her than the flowers .
her pink flip - flops with flowers on top smacked against the floor as she entered .
which means you bringing her flowers is n't cool . ''
` ` i think it 's up to nicole whether she wants the flowers or not , '' tyler said to sam .
we 're involved , and that means you ca n't come around here bringing me flowers . ''
i love flowers , but next time , just bring yourself .
the surrounding lawn was green and lush , the plantings and flowers perfectly placed .
as she walked up the driveway and path to the front door , she waved to joanne rhodes , the owner , who was on her knees , weeding in her flower beds .
i wanted to spend time with my flowers this afternoon .
their kitchen windows overlooked the parking lot , which , despite its nature , was surrounded by beautiful flowers and trees .
he found his mom working outside on her hands and knees in one of the flower beds .
when she worked on her flowers , she used the mudroom entrance so she did n't track dirt inside .
you sent my favorite flowers even when i did n't let myself acknowledge what they meant .
colin turned to see a man , arms loaded with seasonal flowers .
once the flowers were placed on the blotter and the delivery man gone , emma turned to colin .
colin did n't buy for one minute that her brother and his wife had sent those flowers , but she 'd hid the identity of the sender more from emma than him , which made no sense .
` ` stan blecher sent the flowers , '' she admitted .
stan 's sending you flowers .
` ` does colin strike you as a guy who 'd send flowers and anonymous notes ? ''
` ` how about the flowers ? ''
` ` no flowers . ''
between the flowers , sheerer lace allowed her skin to show through - a lot of skin .
she had n't thought jake was a flowers kind of guy but apparently she was wrong .
do n't i deserve a thanks for sending pretty flowers to such a pretty woman ? ''
despite her best efforts , trembling turned to shaking , and she eyed the flowers she 'd once found lovely with anxious confusion .
sharon brought me the flowers that were left at the desk .
i thought the flowers were from you . ''
i would n't know one flower from the next . ''
the flowers had been ramirez 's calling card , something the slime knew jake would recognize .
` ` today 's delivery of flowers was n't a coincidence , was it ? ''
` ` he ... he said on the phone that i could thank him for the flowers in person . ''
` ` not very well if those flowers got through , '' she muttered .
` ` hospital flowers are delivered all the time . ''
the description had been simple : a bouquet of mixed greens , tomatoes , bean sprouts and flowers .
` ` beautiful flowers for a beautiful woman .
catherine was n't one for expensive gifts or flowers .
plant more flowers in the center of town ? ''
the grass had been recently mowed , the shrubbery was obviously new , and she clearly loved flowers .
dare was n't a gardener , but he had spent a day under duress with ethan , faith , and tess , choosing new flowers for their backyard .
she looked at the flowers and surrounding tissue paper , searching for a small envelope or clue to who 'd sent it .
` ` i meant thank you for the flowers . ''
` ` i did n't send flowers . ''
` ` i just thought ... '' ` ` you received flowers today ? ''
` ` we had it out today , and believe me , flowers for me are the last thing on his mind . ''
` ` you sent the flowers ? ''
the flowers were just what the card said - if you 'd gotten it .
and i appreciate the flowers .
to her right was the main lawn and the beautiful flowers lining the street .
` ` you said you got flowers the other day ? ''
get flowers from anyone else in the office ? ''
in silence , she filled a vase with water and put the flowers inside , placing them on a prominent place on the counter .
and the wine and the flowers . ''
so it would really pain me if you had another accident , only this time you were on the highway with no flower beds to cushion your crash . ''
that next time , i 'll be on a highway and there 'll be no flowers to cushion my crash . ''
the groom 's two brothers , nash included , were a step short of estranged , and they 'd only known the flower girl , their newly discovered half sister , tess , for six weeks .
he kept calling and showing up with flowers .
she could n't send flowers or food .
he placed the flowers on the credenza and wrapped his arm around her waist at the same moment her legs gave out and she sagged into him , feeling tiny and frail yet so warm and good against him .
kelly held out the flowers she 'd bought late this afternoon .
as they watched , the mayor , dressed immaculately in a summer linen suit with a flower pinned to her lapel , headed directly for kayla , the head interviewer and lead on this project .
` ` and now that you know i let you believe i was some fragile flower ?
` ` the next morning , the gentleman brought flowers to my shop . ''
she 'd been planning to tell her father the truth , but her two worlds collided ; the tall jamaican with the flowers , her father moving fast and discussing wedding plans , and the wounded man she loved .
on a whim , he also found himself buying an oversize kitty condo for the cat and flowers for lauren , spontaneous purchases he had n't been able to resist .
he grabbed the shopping bag and the flowers in one hand , put the kitty condo under his other arm , and headed for the house .
she did n't have a problem with the house itself , but the lack of shrubs , trees , plants and flowers gave the white stucco an austere , unwelcoming look .
and her top , if he could call it that , was a turquoise tank in a silky , stretchy material with a subtle flower pattern hidden in the fabric .
the flowers jumped out at him , big and ugly and as frightening to him as her somber tone of voice .
he sends her flowers , shows up to take her to lunch , that kind of thing . ''
he stepped off the elevator and into what looked like a flower shop .
` ` if you have flowers , put them in the corner , '' she said , then returned to the work in front of her , ignoring him .
she gestured to the flowers surrounding them .
riley leaned across the desk , being careful not to knock over the flowers and upset the secretary even more .
as riley walked down the hall , all he could think about were the flowers .
from the top of her perfectly styled hair to the tailored suit that molded to curves he 'd held in his hands , to the tips of her high - heeled pumps , she was his hot item and he 'd be damned if another man or his flowers would get anywhere near her ever again .
she 'd been pointed to on the street and inundated with flowers .
riley glanced at the flowers surrounding her , a definite frown marring his handsome face .
no big surprise , since this was the newest sports bar in town , but she 'd come out for a break from the phone calls and flowers .
he said to ask how you liked the flowers . ''
well , except for the flowers in the office around the corner .
` ` my flowers were trashed ?
` ` is there another office loaded with more flowers than a cemetery ? ''
all the flowers , '' she said , her voice rising and the tension mounting as she thought of all she 'd been through over the past few days .
` ` we 're going to need a list of everyone who sent you flowers .
someone probably planted this here when they broke all the flower vases . ''
he 'd rushed in here so fast he had n't noticed the flower shop was no longer in her office .
my sophie is not in need of a man , so you guys out there can stop sending her flowers and plants and chocolates and things to the office . ''
amy 's mother , rose , and aunt darla both jumped for the prize and were now rolling on the lawn , both determined to claim the flowers .
they 'd done other things before , from having a cleaning business , to running a used car lot , to a flower shop .
like , will bringing you skittles and mandm 's cut it , or will i have to make the jump to flowers or chocolates or elaborate picnics with string quartets and candles ? ''
she jabbed her finger to the house like i was a kid who had ruined the flower bed .
but her dresser contained only a mirror and a brush , a bouquet of fresh flowers , a small porcelain tray onto which she had placed a couple of stray earrings , and a bottle of perfume .
she doubted they 'd even send flowers to her funeral .
terra - cotta pots , likewise empty of flowers this time of year , lined the concrete shelf wrapping the porch and a white wicker swing hung at one end .
a hooked rug with more flowers spanned the hardwood floor between the door and bed , and the cherrywood furnishings were decorated with scrollwork and - oh , dammit - even more flowers .
` ` besides , sweetheart , '' he said , ` ` you 're so beautiful , nobody 's going to be looking at the flowers . ''
i named her daffodil because that 's my favorite flower and the prettiest .
beyond was a formal garden , the flower beds mostly dormant at this time of year .
the canes had been laid out on the lawn between the flower beds .
he took her hand and carefully pulled it down to the pathetic little flower .
he lay facedown and nude , his massive arms outstretched among the innocent flowers , his lower limbs in the water .
is n't love standing in the rain and showering a girl with flowers and jewels ? ''
along the paths he 'd also planted annual flowers , which made bright pools of color .
` ` i suppose she likes the same sort of things most ladies do : jewels , flowers , and beautiful objects of all kinds . ''
now can you tell me what this elegant flower is ?
what sort of imbecile brought such common flowers to a goddess ?
` ` but he stopped bringing those flowers , did n't he ? ''
lady young was holding a small party , presumably to show off her autumn garden - though the only flowers artemis saw were some rather bedraggled daisies .
he could tell her about the widow he 'd saved from rape last month , the robbers he 'd chased away from an elderly flower seller a week later , the orphaned girls he 'd rescued on the night he 'd saved megs herself .
spring gardens was a pleasant place , godric thought , even if he was n't much interested in flowers or plants .
` ` but they 're on stems , '' megs said , straightening and frowning down at the flower , which looked quite pedestrian to godric .
a few wilted posies at the bottom of the basket were obviously leftover from her day of hawking flowers .
` ` best pick up your feet , then , '' the flower girl said .
at last she gasped , finally able to draw breath , and fell against him like a flower wilting in the heat .
it looks like a giant flower bud . ''
at the edges of the crowd were hawkers calling their wares : oranges , walnuts , flowers , and sweetmeats .
the blade had been engraved with flowers of all things .
how he looked forward to showing mary darling the pretty flowers when they bloomed .
intrigued , he bowed his head toward hers , inhaling the scent of flowers .
lady helena had chosen to decorate the ballroom with hundreds of roses , and the scent of the wilting flowers was almost overwhelming .
the room smelled of roses , because a giant vase of the flowers sat on the corner table .
then he rose and crossed to the flowers caire had brought .
daisies were clara 's favorite flower .
hothouse flowers were mounded on every surface , already wilting in the heat of the ballroom .
he shoved aside a pyramid of dying flowers , expecting to find a passage or nook for lovers .
only the blank wall behind the flowers .
the vase of flowers crashed to the floor beside him in a mess of petals , water , and glass shards .
her pink tongue darted out to lick her lips , and he realized , incongruously , that she smelled of flowers .
he bent over her , leaning down until the wisps of hair near her ear brushed his lips , inhaling the scent of sweet english flowers .
she whispered , and he caught the scent of english flowers - her scent .
all along one wall , tall mirrors were draped with garlands of flowers and gold silk , and a great pyramid of flowers hid the musicians in one corner .
reynaud closed his eyes and felt the warm softness of his wife , the scent of woman and flowers surrounding him .
tonight he 'd make amends for his abrupt exit - bring her those flowers that jeremy had said she 'd like .
i ' m writing a book about the animals , birds , and flowers of scotland and england .
jamie had a tiny white flower he 'd plucked from the meadow , and he laid it on the grave .
her brother turned to her , holding out another flower .
helen halted by the pile of books where his great album of birds and animals and flowers of america still lay .
but now ... before her was a full - page illustration of a flower with long curving petals on a bare branch .
` ` you 'd bring me flowers ? ''
lister had bought her expensive jewels and an entire wardrobe , but he 'd never thought to give her flowers .
` ` i ' m not a sophisticated man , and i live in the country , so you 'd have to make do with country flowers .
the carriage came to the last cottage in the village , and she could see a woman cutting flowers in her garden .
flowers were massed in vases along the sideboard , sumptuous swags of gold and purple fabric draped every surface , and carved sugar swans sailed the middle of the long dining table .
` ` i adore wilted flowers , '' she said .
he teased her mouth again with the rose , watching as the flower pulled down her lower lip , revealing the moist inner skin .
he pulled back the flower to let her speak , and her tongue touched her bottom lip where it had been .
o , fortunate flower !
there were no flowers , at least none in bloom .
` ` you see me and you think i ' m the guy who 'll make love to you in a room full of flowers and candlelight .
beautiful and bold , her juliet is no shrinking flower .
he 'd be one of those sickening idiots who 'd bring you flowers in the middle of the cafeteria or hire a barbershop quartet for your birthday . ''
i ' ve found a few hydrangea flowers and i ' m going to try and locate some deadly nightshade next .
large sage and orange flowers bloomed from the vines and i dimly recalled that they were the flower of the tintagelians , the lalitus .
the garden had been my mother 's pride and joy , filled with flowers , strange plants , and the enticing scent of roses and lavender .
all ghostwalker women , females whitney had taken from orphanages around the world and experimented on , had been given the names of flowers or seasons .
` ` my name can be interpreted as heart of the thistle or flower of the thistle .
sam did n't make the mistake of turning around , but his heart rate jumped , just for a moment at the word ` ` flower . ''
her mouth trembled beneath his , and then she opened to him , like a flower , luring him deeper .
he said i was n't a flower , but only a thorn and there was nothing he could do to change that , no matter how hard he tried . ''
he gave the girls names of flowers and seasons , a careless acknowledgment that we had to be called something other than the numbers he gave us in his files .
he smelled exotic flowers the moment he crossed the threshold .
he moved slowly , experimentally , as if she was a fragile flower he was afraid of crushing .
flowers wound their way up the tree trunks toward the light , and moss and lichen crawled up the bark and over branches as well .
` ` before we escaped '' -her voice was drowsy- '' whitney sent in a tattoo artist for each of us , and he put a flower on our ankles .
all my sisters have flower names - which we 're not doing to him . ''
he persisted in thinking she was a fragile little flower that needed protection .
he felt her body open to his , unfolding like a flower .
gideon slipped out of the van next and worked his way through the short grass and flowers on his belly , his eyes and gun centered on the guard .
` ` he named each of the girls after flowers .
masses of flower beds and carefully trimmed hedges led up the stamped walkways and surrounded the house itself .
kadan moved into the wide bed of flowers close to the house , looking up at his chosen point of entry .
kadan ignored him , turning back just as the humvee burst out of the garage and bounced over the flower beds .
` ` i do n't suppose you noticed all the flower gardens on the estate ?
shrubbery and flowers were well manicured .
i go there often and put flowers just over the guardrail .
she kept rolling as he toppled to the ground , facedown in the small puddle of water collecting in the flower bed .
she staggered around the flower bed to the window and unexpectedly the pain eased , and then disappeared altogether .
she crawled through the flower bed , staying low to the ground as she moved out into the open ground .
the name of a flower .
when they 'd been briefed on whitney 's psycho experiments with children , the orphans he worked on had all been female and he 'd given them the names of flowers .
ken crawled forward , sliding through the neat flower garden , a rather strange and prissy bed of color out in the middle of nowhere .
briony planted the flowers everywhere . ''
` ` should n't i be putting flowers in a vase ?
and you ca n't put flowers in a vase if i have n't gotten them for you , can you ?
briony examined the front yard first , noting where she 'd put in flowers if the property was hers .
the rolling lawns were well manicured , and flowers and plants were grouped in a small area complete with fountains and statues , giving the appearance of a small private park .
a sweeping lawn and several flower beds separated the two buildings .
two other alligators snoozed on the grass in between the stumps and flowers quite close to the stairs leading to the porch .
he brought me flowers every couple of months after rene died .
the marsh was thick with flowers , nettles , and stumps and it was slow going as they made the approach toward the comeaux hunting camp .
she caught the glimpse of a body lying prone on the lawn and another in the flower garden .
i did n't understand it at first , but my father called each of the missing girls he experimented on by the name of a flower .
grass grew wild and tall and a multitude of shrubbery and flowers filled in spaces the trees did n't take up .
the wind blew gently through the flower beds and across recently mowed lawns .
brush moved along the far flower bed .
she pictured it in her head , the island that had been her home with the myriad of flowers and bushes and trees scattered everywhere and the wildlife she spent a great deal of time watching from the roof of her house .
dahlia looked around her at the lush grounds with rolling lawns and flowers of every color rioting for space .
have you even noticed the flowers ?
he was a figment of her imagination and he knew the names of the flowers .
the way the moss and fern grew and the flowers wound their way up trunks to the skies .
behind her , the porter capa muttered in his own language under his breath , hacking at the tangle of vines and flowers springing up as annabel walked .
everywhere the pools and spattered droplets of annabel 's blood had sunk deep , flowers and green plants shot up , pushing through rich soil toward the sky .
she sank into that field of white flowers , and placed her hands on either side of the gift remaining from her mother .
riley reached down into the bed of white star flowers and lifted the heirloom from the blossoms , a gift given by mother earth to her long - dead ancestor .
he 'd tried , in the earlier years , watching her walk through a field with flowers and plants springing up around her , to do the same , but the earth refused to speak to him .
she would not defeat him , a stupid cow of a woman who thought she was special because she could make flowers grow .
already , the flowers blossoming all over her plant wall had wilted and died .
closing her eyes she sent out energy , the seeds of plants , trees and flowers moving through her mind .
she knew flowers , her mother grew every kind , but this one , stunningly beautiful , definitely could be used to explain sex .
and why could n't she stop devouring the fragile flower , craving that spicy taste .
his gaze burned over her , those tiny flames growing hotter and wilder as he ate out the night flower .
as he gave her the command , he held the flower cupped in both palms , solemnly , as if it was of great importance .
he placed the flower exactly at the junction of her legs , petals whispering against her open , jean - clad thighs .
` ` take the flower in both open palms and place it ... '' ` ` i get it , '' she said hastily , color creeping up her neck and face .
her hands shook , so she deposited the flower quickly and placed her moist palms on her own thighs .
` ` now , pick up the flower again and come sit between my legs while i braid the vines and small flowers in your hair .
` ` now , pick up the flower again and come sit between my legs while i braid the vines and small flowers in your hair .
was it the flower ?
` ` where did you get that flower ? ''
` ` gary and jubal came here looking for a particular flower , '' riley explained hastily .
` ` i think the toxins in the soil , the microbes xavier introduced , killed off the flower .
some of the ancients have returned to their homeland and when she interviewed them , a fertility ritual with this flower came up again and again .
the man who filmed the ruins on the mountain and sent the pictures to the professor also filmed the flower and posted it on his website , asking if anyone knew what it was .
` ` just get us those flowers .
she held her breath , afraid he 'd land in the middle of them and crush all those swaying night star flowers .
she stretched , pacing away from him to get a good look at the flowers .
he inhaled deeply once more and she realized that as the flowers in the field had taken on his scent for her , the strange petals held her scent for him .
he set his teeth as he pushed deeper , feeling her muscles reluctantly unfolding like the petals of the flowers surrounding him until he was lodged against her thin barrier .
still , and it should n't have been , he looked so erotic , hot and sexy , there in that open field of flowers , with his hard body and ruby red drops of blood summoning her .
she remembered the taste of him in the flower and that intoxicating scent of his , amplified a thousand times by the field of flowers surrounding her .
she remembered the taste of him in the flower and that intoxicating scent of his , amplified a thousand times by the field of flowers surrounding her .
you can gather the flowers for gary and jubal , '' she said .
he had been the one to braid it again , right after he 'd collected the flowers for gary .
were you able to find the flowers ?
` ` we brought you back an entire sack of seeds and roots as well as the flowers intact .
` ` i just need to get the flowers to them .
the flower ceremony had shown her how addicting he could be and tasting him only made her crave him more .
` ` he and my sister gabrielle talk endlessly and they 're very excited about a flower dax found for us up on the mountain . ''
` ` a flower ? ''
tatijana looked a fragile flower but she had a spine of steel , and she was highly intelligent .
` ` night star flower .
` ` the fertility flower .
my understanding is the flower was brought back from south america by gary jansen , a human researcher .
gary did so much research and he found references to this flower several times and he began looking for it .
oh , yeah , the fragrance rising from the field of flowers affected him just as much as they did her .
he took his time with the flower , his gaze growing hotter and wilder as he savored every single drop of nectar .
` ` here , in this field of flowers , right now , before the sun comes up and we have to go to ground .
he swept his hand along the rows of flowers lifting their faces to the night sky .
she knew her body was weeping and the flower collected every drop .
whatever ceremony with the flower he was completing was a potent one .
` ` now you place the flower , as a symbol of optimum fertility for me and say the words to me .
moistening her suddenly dry lips with the tip of her tongue , she placed their night star flower directly under his very heavy erection .
as they passed scattered bunches of flowers , tatijana 's sandal - covered feet skirting the edges of the beds , the night flowers unfolded their petals in tribute to her .
as they passed scattered bunches of flowers , tatijana 's sandal - covered feet skirting the edges of the beds , the night flowers unfolded their petals in tribute to her .
fen moved up beside him to see the struggling flowers growing in the cracks of the rocks scattered all over the ground .
ever since our night in the field , tasting you on that flower , i ' ve been craving that exact taste .
her sheath always seemed reluctant at first , so tight she strangled his cock , but then opening for him like a sensitive flower to allow his deeper penetration .
` ` i just thought ... '' skyler trailed off and reached out to grasp a flower stem , pulling the flower to her so she could smell the perfumed center .
` ` i just thought ... '' skyler trailed off and reached out to grasp a flower stem , pulling the flower to her so she could smell the perfumed center .
` ` the flowers up in the mountains , the night star flower , do you think the ceremony helps beyond fertility ?
` ` the flowers up in the mountains , the night star flower , do you think the ceremony helps beyond fertility ?
` ` i think the flower ceremony would be good for you , skyler .
` ` take me to the fertility flower field , dimitri , '' she whispered .
the night star flower seemed to have an impressive erection of its own .
sharing with him that she wanted it to be him and not a flower .
skyler smiled up at him , pulled the flower to her and once again licked along the stigma before pulling a petal free .
just that one act of aggression on his part and instead of feeling his familiar form - in a field of flowers holding his scent - her past still had such a powerful grip on her that she 'd lost the man she loved more than anything .
she could see the image of herself before him with the petals wrapped around her head , covering her eyes , kneeling in the field of flowers .
the field of flowers with his scent , the mask of soft petals , even kneeling before him with her hands on his thighs , feeling that heavy erection against her face , her mouth .
twice , she 'd had to call down rain to stop the grass and flowers from burning .
she could see the surrounding mountain was all snow and ice , but in the cradle , trees and plants and even flowers grew , birthed by the years of wind bringing seeds to the rich soil inside the shallow crater .
branislava leaned down to smell a night flower .
she was a beautiful flower full of nectar , and he wanted it all .
he learned then that it did n't take a lot to sway a teenage girl , but he did n't know that going in and planned every detail of the date from the kind of flowers sally liked to her choice of entree .
` ` i picked up flowers . ''
` ` i bought the flowers . ''
` ` most flower shops are n't magnets for crime .
` ` the night of the attack i left my place to pick you up at six twenty , picked up flowers on the way , and pulled into your drive at ten to the hour . ''
` ` outside of the part where i never got the flowers , i do n't see the problem . ''
he did n't even laugh at the flower joke .
eddie ran in from the backyard , a handful of flowers with plenty of dirt - covered roots dangling from his fingertips .
samantha knelt down , scooped her flowers into her hands , and hugged her son .
` ` daddy says boys give girls flowers . ''
with a handful of dirt - filled flowers , meg waved good - bye to her boss and waited for the additional help .
she sniffed the flowers and smiled .
` ` the flowers , you did n't have to . ''
chapter eighteen ` ` russell could n't find anyone at the flower shop who remembered you . ''
and the flower shop records over their surveillance footage every third day . ''
did he know that no one at the flower shop could identify him ?
send me flowers , a teddy bear ... something .
nancy allowed the kid delivering the flowers into the back office .
she was reminded of the time when karen and mike had fought and mike had over a dozen flower deliveries sent to her childhood house in utah .
still , the smile on her face was having a hard time going away , despite the reason for the flower deliveries .
he waved the flower and handed it to her , but did n't say anything .
` ` rick said you needed fresh flowers to hide the camera . ''
she turned away and removed the stick holding the camera from the flowers rick had given her and transferred it to the new bouquet .
while she handed the old flowers to her brother , the cell phone on her desk buzzed .
` ` thanks for taking her the flowers , '' rick said when michael walked into the den where he was going over the short list of players from judy 's game that had n't yet been cleared .
there were n't any pictures on the profile ... just random postings of flowers and cats .
karen plucked the card , shoved the flowers in judy 's hands , and returned to her room .
but my instructions are to keep delivering flowers until you accept them . ''
karen pointed the flower in judy 's direction .
i think if a boy sent me one bouquet i 'd press each flower into a book forever . ''
men think sending flowers to a girl when they ' ve done something to make you mad is their get out of jail free card .
` ` means he can do whatever he wants and send flowers later and everything is good . ''
` ` what are you going to do with all the flowers if you do n't keep them ? ''
` ` i should n't have sent flowers ? ''
` ` so i should send flowers ? ''
` ` flowers , fancy gifts , and jewelry , helloooo ? ''
hannah and judy had outdone themselves with spreading all the flowers he 'd had delivered the day before .
hannah and judy jumped off the float and hand delivered flowers to both janice and rena .
` ` is that what all those flowers were about ? ''
her skin smelled like flowers , and her hair was a cloud around the edges of her face .
island food ... flowers . ''
the window in karen 's room was open a few inches and on a flower box was a mass of black feathers .
karen found a dead crow outside her window in the flowers a few days earlier .
` ` i can always use help in my flower garden .
to make matters worse , shortly after she and ruth stepped on the path of restoring her flower garden , a call came in on behalf of annie , asking for ruth to fly to florida .
if not for the muscles in her back that had screamed since she woke , she 'd make her excuses and find a flower bed .
no flowers or overly sweet designer perfumes would do her justice .
eliza glanced down at the flowers and pointed to the first bouquet that appealed to her .
with a flower lei around her neck , eliza passed through the lobby in a daze .
the sweet smell of flowers calmed the rapid pace of her heart .
she leaned over the rail , her tight jeans kept his attention much more than the flowers .
` ` what man asks a woman to marry him without flowers ? ''
he 'd ordered flowers , and he 'd even stocked his wallet with new condoms .
fresh flowers sat on a table by the door , a basket of fruit graced the dining table .
he remembered the justice of the peace , the two of them trying to laugh with the fake bouquet of flowers he 'd grabbed from the hospital lobby .
he keeps sending flowers and she 's not led him on at all .
it was the time for cut grass and flowers .
there were silk flowers instead of live ones and a few childish art pictures hanging on her refrigerator along with a magnetic picture frame housing the artist .
her eyes closed while she opened to him like a flower did to sunshine .
there were fresh flowers in the vase by the door , which struck him as funny since katelyn was n't expected to return to houston anytime soon .
did they know flowers would greet the baby every day ?
did she like the flowers ?
do n't most women call and thank a man for flowers after they arrive ?
thinking did n't include talking to him about flowers sent just hours after he left .
that explains the lack of phone call about the flowers .
fresh flowers met his nose .
` ` my god , this place looks like a flower shop threw up in here , '' monica said when she walked in .
monica looked beyond katie to a bundle of flowers .
fear was what kept her from moving her crap and giving in to the flowers and formula .
dean unceremoniously dropped the flowers on the table beside her and captured her face in his palms .
` ` a husband brings a wife flowers on valentine 's day , birthdays , and anniversaries ... or if he 's feeling guilty for something . ''
she poked him with the stem of the flowers ` ` hey ! ''
` ` you 're forgetting one holiday on which a husband buys his wife flowers . ''
live plants filled corners , and fresh flowers sat in vases by the front door and in the kitchen .
dreamers fluttered to a different flower when the need hit .
the worry of the neighbors emotions overshadowing her own was n't a concern ... she only had to hear the birds in the trees and smell the fragrance of the flowers .
much of the secluded land sat in the back of the house where mrs . dawson had constructed a flower garden and over two acres of lawn .
lora bid her to sit so she could remove the flowers from her hair and brush it out .
the girls continued to move in and out the flower garden talking with each other .
the women wore their finest gowns and adorned their hair with flowers .
i see small flowers in your hair , brushed free and blowing in the wind . ''
he busied his hands and mouth , enticing the virgin to open like a flower and accept all that he would do .
she picked a flower and started plucking the pedals one by one .
they went on , showing off their mounts and occasionally taking a ribbon or flower from a wife or sweetheart in the audience .
he holds the flower out to me , smiling , and i ca n't help but smile back .
fresh flowers and lit candles adorn practically every available surface and it looks beautiful .
the flowers that surround us throw their luscious scents into the breeze and i never want this moment to end .
there are a couple of folded up jackets , a picnic basket and a bouquet of flowers sitting on the seat across from me .
dear becks , my fragile flower has been plucked ?
he 's casual in jeans and a black t - shirt and he 's carrying a breakfast tray , complete with coffee and a flower .
` ` reece , at the very least , you deserved flowers and a soft bed for your first time .
i pick at my breakfast for a while and sniff at the flowers that he brought .
we smell like flowers .
i fall asleep with the flowers in my hand , and thoughts of dare in my head .
something stabs me in the back , and i pull out a bouquet of flowers .
next to the bed , my flowers have been smashed , by finn , presumably .
people die , and it sucks but it does n't mean that i ' m a fragile little flower . ''
i wanted to stop and get you flowers , but i did n't want to be late . ''
i grab a tall glass because i ca n't find a vase and i fill it with water , then set the flowers on the table .
she smells of fresh air and flowers and i have been taken off guard by the connection that i feel with this woman .
i carry with me a bouquet of flowers from my own garden .
he took everything in- the lack of visitors , the absence of flowers , stephen 's hands holding hers , everything .
he settled himself into the couch as sydney went into the kitchen to put the flowers into water .
cute and quaint , it 's got vines growing up the side , a porch with two rocking chairs , and pots of flowers out front .
as i walked along the soft pathway to the bed , i realized that it was strewn with flower petals .
fresh flowers sat in vases all around us and i had never seen such a lavish bathroom .
i smelled like the loveliest of night - blooming flowers , which suited me completely .
hades was standing there amid the flowers , vines and fountains .
she moistened her lips , trying to dispel the sudden dryness in her mouth , and felt his hand tighten reflexively , crushing one of the flowers on the top of her glove .
how could this slip of a woman who smelled like spicy flowers manage to fill the entire corridor ?
the earl had picked up the slender vase with the flowers in it and now he stalked over to the other end of the study .
and to keep the flowers from the tables .
they walked for a while , angelica identifying the flowers and plants he 'd long forgotten .
and putting vases with flowers on every table .
what a terrible thing , never to bask in the sun or to walk through the rows of flowers when they were in full bloom .
not that she actually pictured the rigid earl walking through flower gardens , brushing his strong fingers lightly over rose blossoms ...
the roses still bloomed , but the spring flowers that cast such heady scents - lilac , lily of the valley , tulip - were all gone .
i know there is a dress to be made , but also flowers and invitations and announcements , and the food ... and where would you like to have the ceremony ? ''
angelica woodmore 's wedding plans were also progressing , if one were to judge by the number of appointments with flower - keepers and seamstresses and other entities , not to mention the swatches of material , scraps of notes and drawings , that had littered the parlor table yesterday .
and so he was reluctantly complicit , so aware of every brush from her fingers , every waft of flower and spice from her sagging hair ... the warmth of her body as she bent toward him , the dark shadow down between her br**sts .
something that made his insides move , like a heated flower opening and sending its warmth through him .
he 'd played with her , plaited her hair , helped her care for her dolls , took her for long walks to pick the rare flowers that grew in the mountains .
no , she could n't walk out into it , she could n't bathe herself in its rays nor pick flowers on the mountainside as she 'd done with rivrik ... but at least now she could see it .
` ` i ' m no fragile flower , '' he snapped , sitting up .
over the gravestones and the frozen flowers , he saw the shadows .
blood and ... the faintest aroma of flowers .
the faintest scent of flowers teased his nose and he tensed , his gaze sharpening .
the scent of flowers hung in the air , a light scent , totally out of place in the all but barren land .
` ` there was so much blood , i could n't figure out why i just ... smelled flowers . ''
no telltale scent of flowers teased his nose , but that vision had come from somewhere .
the light scent of flowers teased his nose and his smile vanished .
the scent of flowers fought with the ash , choking him .
the scent of flowers hit her then .
was that flowers in the air ?
the scent of flowers wafted to her nose .
` ` there are so many flowers out here ... '' sam glanced at the vaults .
the scent of flowers told her that , and when she looked toward the balcony , the doors flew inward and there she could see ... oh , crap .
small flowers waited near the entrance , swaying lightly in the breeze , welcoming the home owners and their guests .
more flowers surrounded the sides of her house .
the lightest scent of flowers tangled with the brimstone .
the scent of flowers filled the room .
the scent of flowers swept into the room , blowing in on the breeze from outside .
as she turned away from the demon , jade could have almost sworn that the light scent of flowers teased her nose .
the scent of flowers teased his nose , but he knew that scent was n't coming from some floral tokens left on the graves by mourners .
the scent of flowers teased his nose again .
and when we got here and he started talking to people that i could n't see and my nose '' -he tapped said nose- '' kept catching the scent of flowers , i knew death was standing close by . ''
when an angel 's close by , if you pay attention , you 'll catch the smell of flowers in the air . ''
` ` az does n't smell like flowers . ''
` ` the scent of blood and flowers is coming from that way . ''
blood ... and flowers ?
blood and flowers .
but jade could smell the too - sweet scent of flowers , and that was supposed to mean that a death angel was close , right ?
the scent of flowers flooded the room then .
and the sickeningly sweet scent of flowers hung in the air around him .
she ignored the scent of flowers .
just flowers from the graves .
the scent of flowers was so strong in this wretched place .
the scent of flowers teased his nose .
her scent , fresh flowers , teased his nose .
freaking flowers .
tanner reached for the bartender , ignored the blood and the growing scent of flowers in the air .
marna caught the sweet scent of flowers , and her shoulders stiffened .
the scent of flowers deepened around marna .
blood and ... flowers .
the scent of flowers teased her nose .
marna wondered if the others could smell the light scent of flowers that had drifted into the room .
` ` he started by leaving flowers in my dressing room . ''
her chest ached as she said , ` ` the next time i found the flowers , they were in my apartment .
when she 'd stood in a graveyard and watched as flowers were put on two caskets .
* * * flowers covered the hospital room .
` ` delicate flower , my ass , '' noah muttered .
he comes into the living room with a big bouquet of flowers in his hand and a huge smile lighting up his face .
she fills the vase with water and moves around the kitchen getting the things she 'll need for the flowers , pretending she does n't notice his intense gaze and the unspoken words behind his big smile .
he puts the flowers on the counter .
her hands go still over the partially unwrapped flowers .
look at this ... '' he gestures to the flowers .
` ` i come home with my good news and those pretty flowers , and all you do is mouth off at me and give me shit .
he brought her flowers , he wrote her poems , and he said all the right things , even though he was kind of shy himself .
he blamed it on the beers and bought her flowers after .
it had weird flowers on it , and the one in his room was made of stainless steel and smoked glass .
it had a cute flower design over the front , kind of surfer - girl in style .
stupid fat flowers .
* * * jonathan laid the flowers down on the tiny headstone , standing again to put his arm around sarah 's shoulders .
entering her room , she looked around and could n't help but notice the tons of barry mementoes all over the place - the photos , the stuffed animal he 'd won for her at the school fair , the valentine flowers he had given her this year that she had hung and dried , the empty box of chocolates from her birthday .
they planned to use island flowers to add decoration , but had to wait until the afternoon of the prom to pick them .
i was going to use a plant rope surrounded by flowers , but so far i ' m having a hard time getting holes in the coconut halves that did n't split the entire shell . ''
she had picked about a hundred tropical flowers in whites and pinks and was in the process of sticking their little stems into spaces in the plant rope part of the halter - top .
sarah had gathered a few very fragrant flowers , and they each rubbed the petals on their bodies , doing their best to wear perfume for their big dates .
she went back to the workshop , returning with what looked like a pile of flowers .
she grabbed sarah in a hug , careful not to squish the flowers .
he pulled candi over to the log he 'd been sitting on and bent down , reaching behind it to pull out a string of flowers and green leaves .
kelly could n't make it because she 's about to give birth , but she sent me a picture of herself in a pink dress and i have it tucked into my flowers .
i tap him with my flowers to make him keep his distance .
without vegas , i 'd be dining at the private mar - a - lago club with bradley , talking with a disinterested group of so - called friends about how much we were paying for the flowers and cake .
got on bended knee with a flower that some guy sold me and everything . ''
i flew over the grass and flowers , my heart racing and my arms pumping .
maeve swished into my room wearing a pretty wrap - around dress covered in yellow flowers .
he looked pointedly at the left side of the aisle , near where candice and kelly were standing and holding their bridesmaid flowers .
an arbor covered in flowers waited for me , and under it was the man i would marry for the second time , only this time it would be official in the eyes of the law .
` ` hey , no kissing until after , '' said kelly , tapping me on the shoulder with her flowers .
hal looks around at the flowers , but charlie 's mother only has eyes for the baby .
` ` pretty flowers , '' hal says , reaching out to touch the petals of one of the pink roses .
hal leaves his study of the flowers and looks somewhere up near my headboard .
he puts two business cards on the table with the flowers .
the small bouquets of flowers they were holding are quickly shredded in the process and the petals rain down to cover their feet .
` ` shhhhh , shhhhh , '' she says , rushing over to put the flowers on the table and take me in her arms .
my hand moves up on its own power to touch one of the flowers .
` ` no one has ever bought me flowers before except my mom , and that was just today . ''
i have both hands on the flowers , so my hair is left to fend for itself .
i walk into the apartment and put the flowers down on the coffee table .
those are impressive , '' she says , putting the glasses down on the coffee table and touching one of the flowers .
i actually cross - stitched a flower today . ''
plant flowers over them too , if you do n't mind . ''
she smelled of sunlight and flowers .
the scent of fresh flowers surrounded him and the woman - tall , slim - tilted her head back as she stared up at him in absolute horror .
even after everything , she still smelled of flowers ?
she drew in deep breath , caught the scent of the flowers , fresh and clean from the late evening rain .
` ` the flowers are all dying , '' she murmured , her lips curving down .
` ` they 're just flowers . ''
but it had n't been blackened flowers at their feet .
holly hurried forward and took the flowers .
holly had his flowers and his note , the next step would be hers .
because a new fear had begun to haunt him after he 'd dropped off holly 's flowers and then taken his time strolling around the station .
rich , like a woman 's sensual cream , but sweet , like flowers or champagne .
she looked across the street , where cars no longer drove , where trees now grew in beds lush with shrubs and tropical flowers , her mouth twisted up as if she was n't sure she wanted to say anything at all .
when that bastard had put his hands around her throat- ` ` despite what you think , gyth , i ' m not some delicate flower . ''
hybrids were blends , mixes , like a flower produced from combining two different- ` ` hmmm .
` ` i ' m not some delicate flower . ''
especially when the flowers arrived at the hospital - lilacs , her favorite .
there had n't been a card , just the flowers .
` ` i needed to thank you , both for finding me in that alley and for the flowers .
it had nearly ripped her apart to stand there with the scent of flowers choking her .
he could still see all the flowers that had been at her funeral .
he looked at the flowers .
then the flowers had started to wither and die .
she 'd arranged to send flowers to his family , but she 'd do more for them , too .
the guys who spoke to her so softly , held her hand and greeted her with flowers .
not quite the delicate little flower she appeared to be .
` ` about five hundred years ago , folks believed if you ate that flower , you 'd become a werewolf . ''
` ` the flower forced an instant shift in those who carried an animal inside .
` ` it 's not like she 's some delicate flower .
jude grabbed the flowers , jerked out the card and tossed the roses onto the pavement .
the scent of the flowers was sickeningly sweet , combining with the stench of the shifter , a stench that seemed lighter now , weaker .
someone had put flowers on the tray .
damn flowers .
the scent of flowers deepened around him .
sometimes '' -cadence 's voice was soft as she continued- '' killers will mark a space that is special to them by planting certain flowers or using a marker to- '' ` ` you think walker and his partner planted the willow near jenny . ''
lauren glanced at the flowers on the ground , the spot that would mark her sister 's resting place .
once upon a time , roses had been her favorite flowers .
trent could have left the candy and the flowers when i was n't looking .
but he always sent me flowers after each death .
the box and the flowers .
` ` when you see a bunch of flowers , how many people actually count to see if twelve are there ?
he hated flowers of any sort .
dane knew they 'd dust the box and the flowers for fingerprints .
` ` roses used to be her favorite flower , did you know that ?
she 'd come there for a reason , dammit , and she was n't going to let some flowers stop her .
her body had tensed at the sight of the flowers .
not roses , no , but she could n't look at any flowers without remembering valentine .
for her , flowers were too tied to valentine .
` ` flowers , '' he said , his voice tight .
not just any flowers .
the nurse had told him that a flower delivery boy gave them to her , and the surveillance videos verified it .
then she saw the flowers waiting on the kitchen table .
her new favorite flower .
let her fingers caress the flowers .
i put flowers down , and i cried , like everybody else . ''
all the damn flowers surrounding the giant hole in the ground , their scent choking her .
not that the flowers were looking all that good right now .
she flinched at his voice and realized she 'd been staring at the tree and those dead flowers for way too long .
she eased down beside the flowers .
` ` does that look like a flower to ya 'll ? ''
not just any flower .
his gaze was on that flower .
an image of the bloody flower flashed through his mind .
romeo had marked his victims with a flower .
she stopped at the door of a two - story cabin , one with a row of flowers growing on its side .
did n't smel like sex and blood and flowers ... '' jace 's teeth snapped together .
but there are still flowers , rolling green hills .
he brought me out to walk in the flower garden with him , and it gave me so much hope .
it 's sunny and bright , and i think again how beautiful the flowers look .
a small wood - shingled house surrounded by a forest , a few dead flowers in the beds .
yes , unicorns raced on rainbows and had flowers in their manes and granted wishes and- ` ` you ready ? ''
i had n't even brought her any flowers !
i sent her some flowers . ''
i thought the flowers might cheer her up a bit . ''
i planned to stop by her house tomorrow with flowers of my own .
she crouched down in the wet soil of the flower bed , taking out the night - vision goggles she 'd stolen .
as soon as riley 's bedroom door had closed behind the suspects , the operative stood up in the flower bed and slid her body through the open window .
there were n't even any paper flowers !
turning back to swirl the combination of my lock , i tried to decide what sort of flowers to send her .
i always sent flowers after i delivered bad news .
that i 'll bring you flowers and chocolates if you just come over here right now .
` ` just trust me - shaya 's no fragile flower .
he had n't bought her flowers or chocolates - things she could have rolled her eyes at , considering how little thought and creativity would have gone into the gifts on his part .
she went to her mom 's grave first and , as usual , spent a few minutes tidying it up by replacing the decaying flowers with a fresh bunch .
i ' m not quite the delicate flower people tend to take me for .
he was n't a chocolate and flowers person , was n't the type to spout pretty words or shower a girl with compliments .
just then tim came buzzing into the room and up to the bed with an armload of flowers so big , it nearly grounded him .
i watched as he flew around her face , carefully laying out bloom after bloom of every type of flower she had in her garden .
the vision it created was grotesque , especially since the needlepoint formerly of beautiful spring flowers now looked like a landscape of bleeding black horror .
i saw movement out of the corner of my eye and turned to see flowers being thrown in the path of the others behind me , so my mother 's coffin floated above a field of color as it passed by .
first individually and then all together , they began shoveling the dirt over the coffin , over the flowers .
new flowers were added as they went , mixing in with the rich soil .
` ` a beautiful flower surrounded by tough wood and wicked thorns .
it had a picture of a flower on it .
i nudged him pretty hard and sent him images of the door in the hallway with the flower on it , hoping he 'd understand that i needed him .
i mean , chase frolicking in the flowers with two ogres ?
i stomped my way through the flowers and then into the forest on the other side of it .
i have n't been picking flowers in a f**king meadow for six weeks .
i called on all of the trees and the bushes and the flowers making their home in the soil .
` ` yeah , i got somethin ' to say flower boy .
` ` yeah , you and your rambo moves with a - hole flowers ... ` ` it was too dark now for me to see tony 's face , but i know he was giving me one of his parent looks , ` ` that 's not what i was talking about and you know it . ''
mister biggles is my old cat who loves to go and lay right smack in the middle of my mom 's flowers .
` ` this is where some arrive to cross over , '' connegar walked beside me in a beautiful field filled with flowers .
the flowers were so tall they came to my waist and i could smell the sweet scent of them as i walked through .
` ` seeing you is like a flower drinking in rain after a drought .
my tears were dripping onto the flowers , and they bloomed even brighter around me .
` ` i think a lot of flowers and some well thought - out gifts , along with kneeling and groveling are in order for reah , '' ry said , accepting a dish of ice cream from a niff 's employee .
and reah - she bloomed like a shy flower around radolf .
` ` wylend sent flowers and a credit chip for a hundred thousand , '' dee said , setting the comp - vid in front of gavril .
` ` farla , this just came , along with another flower delivery , '' baretis handed over the envelope , this time .
chapter 11 ` ` there 's a note with the flowers . ''
he 'd come in from outside , just to deliver the flowers and note to me .
wylend used power to open the box , folding the top and sides down , much as a flower might open to the sun .
i found a flower shop in campiaa city early one morning , bought a bouquet of blossoms and tossed them in the ocean .
` ` anastasia , i ' m not a hearts and flowers kind of man , i do n't do romance .
` ` it 's the flower duet by delibes , from the opera lakme .
in the middle is a round , dark wood table , and on it is an unbelievably huge bunch of white flowers .
this does n't mean i ' ve come over all hearts and flowers , it 's a means to an end , but one that i want , and hopefully you do too . ''
` ` most women get flowers or maybe jewelry , '' she says suggestively , trying to suppress a smile .
' i ' m not a hearts and flowers kind of guy . '
` ` you want hearts and flowers . ''
did you get my flowers ?
from : anastasia steele subject : tomorrow date : june 8 , 2011 14:25 to : christian grey hi christian thank you for the flowers ; they are lovely .
so this is how it will be , an agitated , fraught conversation , albeit in a very romantic setting but certainly no hearts and flowers .
i remember now he mentioned it in the note with the flowers .
i sign my name using his fountain pen - it 's black , with a white flower motif on the cap - and mia passes the envelope round .
i revel in the exquisite feeling of his possession as my body blooms and flowers around him .
the room is filled with flowers ... there are flowers everywhere .
the room is filled with flowers ... there are flowers everywhere .
` ` you wanted hearts and flowers , '' he murmurs .
` ` and here are the flowers , '' i whisper , completing his sentence .
i can almost smell the scent of the meadow flowers ... ` ` can we marry tomorrow ? ''
` ` for you mrs . grey - hearts and flowers .
the vase of flowers lies smashed into fragments all over the floor of the foyer , water and flowers and chunks of china are strewn everywhere , and the table is overturned .
i have flowers !
the florist at the hotel is taking care of the flowers , and i told her to keep them simple .
i had made a call to the florist at the hotel as soon as i could after we arrived to change up the flowers court had arranged .
i 'd also had them bring the flowers up to our suite last night .
sissy was zipping up my dress when little lizzie sue , the flower girl , walked up to me .
mommy is pregnant , too , and likes chocolate and ice cream and is sick of flowers ! ''
` ` you do n't like my flowers ? ''
oh my god , i love my flowers more than anything .
i 'd planted a garden behind our house , and every morning , i would go out and pick a small bouquet of flowers .
she glanced up at me , and her eyes were filled with hurt , but i did n't have time to tell her that i had only been kidding about the flowers .
i swear to you , i was n't upset about what you said about the flowers .
the closer i looked , i realized they were the flowers from the garden out back that i had been giving to courtney during her pregnancy .
` ` i saved a flower or two from each bouquet and dried them out .
i do n't think you even realized what you were doing when you placed those flowers there each time . ''
when i looked down , i saw a flower box on the porch .
` ` liza , i just ca n't see keith driving down from dallas to deliver notes and flowers .
but when christine told me that her ex - boyfriend did n't send her those flowers , i started having doubts .
with keith being in austin that day , the slashed tire , his text , the flowers ... shit .
maddie , go get your flowers and get into position ! ''
and she must have found every kind of flower known to man .
as i walked through the endless trail of flowers , i took a moment to look around .
` ` lily can be the flower girl ! ''
you know how much lily loves the flowers there . ''
the smell of the flowers was washing over my senses - it had such a calming effect .
spring flowers were beginning to pop up everywhere and the smell was amazing .
alex : have you bought mommy flowers yet ?
i 'll try my best , but trying to find flowers here in austin on the side of the road is kind of hard .
then , he set two cups of coffee , a bag , and some flowers he had in his hand on the table .
it 's a flower vase . ''
i watched as alex walked up ahead of me and stopped every five minutes to bend down and look at either an ant or a flower .
light brown and ivy - colored candles were set in hurricane glasses on either side of the flower centerpiece .
she was carrying a huge bouquet of flowers that matched all the flowers on the tables and the flowers that the girls were carrying .
she was carrying a huge bouquet of flowers that matched all the flowers on the tables and the flowers that the girls were carrying .
she was carrying a huge bouquet of flowers that matched all the flowers on the tables and the flowers that the girls were carrying .
he handed me the flowers and put the basket in the back of the truck .
i inhaled a deep breath and smelled the flowers as i took in the color of them .
i smiled as i pictured her here last night , putting on the bows and directing exactly where she 'd wanted every flower to go .
he did exactly what i said i had envisioned , even down to the flowers i mentioned .
` ` do i owe you more for the flowers ?
i turned to see emma smelling all the flowers as she walked around the restaurant .
i wanted to pick her up and make love to her while surrounded by the beautiful candlelight and the smell of the flowers .
` ` did you pick the flowers ? ''
garrett turned and took the old flowers out of the vase .
i smiled to myself and picked up the phone to order the flowers .
she thanked me for the flowers , said my card was so sweet , and that she was looking forward to seeing me soon too . ''
so i 'd known changing the message on the card with the flowers was forward of me , but i did n't think it would be that big of a deal .
she was producing flowers from her mouth , marking the result of his fertile breath .
a place i could bring flowers ? ''
` ` i suppose i could put flowers by the bridge , where he used to sit . ''
instead , she focused on work , on her friends , and on bringing flowers to angelo 's favorite spot by the ponte santa trinita , hoping that death had brought him peace .
` ` did you find out who the woman was , the one with the flowers from last night ? ''
` ` we should get him flowers . ''
they should get him flowers .
at the flower market .
it is early evening when they arrive at the flower market , but a saturday night , and bustling .
the smell of him , tobacco and flowers , feels so good and familiar that it does n't make sense that she only met wolfgang three days ago ( except that it does ) .
` ` now , would you like some flowers ? ''
because willem does n't seem to give a shit about the flowers or the crowd of people waiting for him .
outside meg 's door , i half expect one of those shrines that have popped up in town ; whenever i see one , i want to yank the heads off the flowers or throw the candles .
but i suppose she needed to unburden herself , because she told me how a few weeks earlier , she 'd been rushing to get out the door in the morning , but her little girl had been dawdling by the flowers .
mom swore that if i brought you flowers , you 'd change your mind . ''
she had flowers in her hand .
luckily for me i liked those classes , yet there were moments when i 'd be sketching a flower or flowers stuck inside a skull , or a stuffed animal , or even a person in life drawing class , when i 'd step back from my work and to my disappointment i 'd see that it was n't quite right .
luckily for me i liked those classes , yet there were moments when i 'd be sketching a flower or flowers stuck inside a skull , or a stuffed animal , or even a person in life drawing class , when i 'd step back from my work and to my disappointment i 'd see that it was n't quite right .
he visited the hospital the next evening carrying a bouquet of flowers i 'd chosen .
the smell of flowers and paint fumes had already become so familiar to me it was like being home .
there were separate balconies with the entrance to the first floor at the front , and the entrance to my place along the back , which was accessed through a gorgeous courtyard overflowing with potted plants and flowers .
normally i lingered , plucking off the dead petals from the flowers , but i was more tired than i realized .
potted flowers swayed in the breeze , but the wicker chairs with the awesomely thick cushions i 'd paid an arm and a torso for were empty .
the moment he stared up at me with those big , pale blue eyes , i knew i could n't just leave him there , hiding behind a vase with dried out flowers in it , standing among crusty mardi gras ' beads .
fruit trees and flowers flourished , scenting the air .
instead of staying back as i 'd been ordered , i placed my helmet on the retaining wall surrounding a flower box and then slipped the dagger out of my boot , stepping into the open area .
merle was kneeling in front of a rosebush , her green gloves covered with dirt as she patted the fresh soil around a newly planted flower .
i tensed , suddenly cold despite the warm breeze tousling the many flowers .
there were dozens of them , up and down the side of his body , and mixed among the flowers were letters - a phrase that brought tears to my eyes .
the flowers were a symbol of remembrance , of never forgetting a loved one .
i knew those flowers were for his friend , and there was something incredibly honorable about the homage he paid with his body .
` ` what happens if someone brings a different flower ? ''
` ` they may purchase the flowers here .
but what good are flowers ?
but no matter how much he tried to ignore it , no matter how much he wanted to forget , the memory of those words spoken in that fateful dream came back to haunt him , as they so always did : you 'll know her by a crown of stars and flowers , and then when you take her to your bed and claim her , you will swear your loyalty to me .
ca n't you see the stars and flowers ?
a sword replaced the candle , and she held flowers where the book had been .
` ` it 's a flower .
i ' m sure there 're plenty of women just as far gone as you who 'll be enthralled by your flowers and fumbling advances . ''
a pretty portrait showed mrs . hata posing in a flower garden , while a more candid shot showed mr . hata grinning triumphantly at what looked like the end of a marathon .
` ` my other message is to yield your stars and flowers and accept the clever compromise . ''
trees tessa had never seen before swayed gently in the evening breeze , with beds of flowers surrounding them .
she could n't remember the last time anyone had sent her flowers .
the flowers had arrived while they were traveling to mazatlan .
bushes and hedges were messy and overgrown , while weeds poked through the flower beds .
` ` even without flowers ? ''
those stupid flowers .
you 'll know her by a crown of stars and flowers , and then when you take her to your bed and claim her , you will swear your loyalty to me .
justin had argued that according to the words of the deal , he did n't have to swear loyalty until after he 'd claimed her as the one crowned in flowers and stars .
` ` you understood what i meant by yielding your stars and flowers . ''
yield your stars and flowers and accept the clever compromise .
` ` i know what the stars and flowers mean but not the rest .
` ` i finally figured out that message you gave me - about yielding my stars and flowers .
she even seemed to thank him when he brazenly took the flowers from his jacket and tucked them behind her ear .
was n't that the flower you told me about in windsor ? ''
he scooped up the flowers and headed out .
` ` did you get a guy with a glass eye to come mess with me and start dropping flowers and hints about the ravens ? ''
once i finish her , i 'll find some flowers to put in your hair . ''
kiyo sat shirtless while a dryad rubbed some kind of flower oil into his back .
another dryad twined flowers into danil 's hair .
noting the flowers and flower oil , i momentarily hoped removing them would do the trick .
noting the flowers and flower oil , i momentarily hoped removing them would do the trick .
but not everyone had flower exposure .
each flower that bloomed on a cactus was a sign that we were on our way to recovery , and the land radiated its gratitude to me .
we made it into the bellagio unchallenged , and i had only a moment to admire the lobby 's beautiful glass flowers as adrian asked a worker for directions to the tram station .
her smile turned into a full - on grin as she ran her fingers over the petals of a vase full of flowers .
but eddie- '' one of the witches from a coven i did n't know produced some dried flowers that she spread over eddie as she chanted a latin spell .
there were a lot of hairy , blue - eyed uncles strumming old , beautiful guitars , and stout aunts who dried flowers to smoke in their pipes .
she scooted into the space at his side and held still as he arranged the flowers over her forehead , pausing to gently tuck one stray curl of her real hair back under her scarf .
he had just bought flowers and was walking past the palace of the winds when a man loomed up before him , tall , indian , severe .
he stood immobile for a moment , clutching a bouquet of flowers , before crossing the room to her in a rush .
she wanted him to cup her shoulders with both hands and whisper in her ear , close , his lips touching her so her whole body would shiver like flower petals in a breeze .
twice now the boy from the flower shop had smiled at her , his whole face flushing pink as he did , and when he was behind her in line at the bakery last week , he 'd held her long braid gently in his hand , thinking she would n't feel it , but she had .
the flower shop boy stood behind her and held it in his hand .
she clasped her hands over her belly and ducked her head , trying to hide her eyes from them , to close herself up tight like a flower bud .
mysteries unfurled themselves for her like flowers and revealed to her their quiet centers .
she thought of another touch , a light , furtive one : the way the flower shop boy had held her braid in his hand when he stood behind her in line at the bakery .
a few days later she stopped to buy her mother some flowers on the way home from school .
he stammered when he helped esme gather together a bouquet from the buckets of flowers around the shop .
esme left with her flowers clutched to her chest and her braid swinging in her haste , but by the time she got to the corner , she was smiling .
perhaps , she thought , she would buy her mother flowers again next week .
the first time , he stammered an invitation over a bouquet of orange roses and esme 's voice was almost a whisper when she said , ` ` all right , '' her eyes fixed on the flower petals .
tom always brought esme a flower .
the dahlia 's name was ` ` crazy love , '' and when he 'd picked it out that morning in the shop , he 'd known esme would ask its name -- she loved flower names -- and he 'd imagined himself telling it to her .
life is only a thread tethering soul to body , and once you know how to find it , it is as easily plucked as a flower .
` ` when you get to hawaii , they give you flower leis .
the pain tithe is ... using a plow to pluck a flower .
five years ago , people in udara set fire to a boy because he had made a bouquet of flowers bloom right before his sweetheart 's eyes . ''
marble statues of the twelve gods and angels , their feet draped with flowers , line the main squares .
violetta and i sit together in our library , where i read to her from a book cataloging flowers .
violetta giggles at me and tucks a flower behind my ear .
i keep sniffing my skin , pleasantly surprised by how nice it is to smell like a flower .
she wished there had been one grand event she could blame , but the truth was discontent had arrived much less dramatically than that - more like a flower wilting in the sun until the life she thought she was meant for was nothing more than a pile of dried - out , brittle regret .
she wished there had been one grand event she could blame , but the truth was it had happened much less dramatically than that - more like a flower wilting in the sun until the life she thought she was meant for was nothing more than a pile of dried - out , brittle regret .
he was n't much for decorating , but he had to admit sarah had set a beautiful table : a light - blue linen tablecloth , nice plates he had n't known he owned , and flower centerpieces she 'd insisted were necessary .
his mother keeps dried flowers all over the house ; pressed into the books on her nightstand , in her makeup drawer , and lined up on the shelves in their bedroom .
i remember all the names of the flowers .
i like flowers .
gwen is immediately infatuated with the giant flower on her headband .
with a river at my back and the cool breeze carrying the scent of flowers , i was distracted for a moment from my search .
she did n't stop to smell any flowers or pause to take a picture .
i leaned my back against a stone ledge just below the purple flowers , the blossoms nearly brushing the top of my head .
i worked on the sky and the flowers in the foreground before moving on to kelsey .
i hate you ... chapter three monday morning found me arranging flowers in my office as usual .
i visualized over and over the last things i had seen before i stepped through the stones - the rainy moor and jamie 's face - knowing that if i looked too long at my new surroundings , these sights would fade , replaced by mundane things like the nurses and the vase of flowers by my bed .
bree had it ; scarcely an inch of wall space showed between the posters , photographs , dried flowers , scraps of tie - dyed fabric , framed certificates and other impedimenta on the walls .
she sat down on a barrel , the cloak spreading out around her like a flower .
` ` she fed the stomach in 134b boiled flowers ! '' )
i had brought a flower ; a pink tulip - not the easiest thing to find in paris in december , but jared kept a conservatory .
the mark was about three inches long and three wide ; a flower , surmounting the initial ` ` a , '' burned into the skin a few inches below the point of the shoulder .
she was wide - bodied , dressed in a white cotton smock , with a red turban wrapped round her head , and her skin was the deep , rich gold in the heart of the flowers on the trellis .
there were unmistakable signs of neglect visible ; a vase of wilted flowers on the polished surface of a chest , a teacup and saucer left to sit on an occasional table , the dregs dried to a brown stain in the bottom of the cup .
in summer , wilted blooms littered the pavement ; before dawn , the fresh flowers would come in by cart from the countryside , and fill the square with scent and freshness .
hermione was swaying gently to and fro , like a small filthy flower in the wind .
after all , '' he added more softly , looking away again , ` ` i could not lay flowers on your grave . ''
she was n't touching the flowers , he saw , but pulling up something that grew beneath them .
she squeezed his hand , hard , and the fragrant white flowers spilled over the darkness of her skirt .
` ` i mind the wee flowers , caught in her hair , and lying in drifts across the stones . ''
the door to hal 's suite of rooms stood open and he went in at once , startling a maid who was carrying out a chamber pot , lidded and then delicately draped with a cloth handsomely embroidered with large , brilliant flowers .
it was a kitchen garden , made for utility , but it had a small orchard at the end of it , and there were flowers growing between the pea vines and onion beds .
she 'd always liked flowers ; he remembered that with a small twist of the heart .
he thumbed hastily through the opened letters and became aware at once that one was missing : the one written on brianna 's handmade paper with the embedded flowers .
he came gradually to himself , aware that he was talking and evidently had been for some time , in spite of his head being cradled in the curve of her shoulder , his senses aswim in her musk ( like a sweating flower , he thought dreamily ) , and her nipple a dark sweet thing an inch or two from his nose .
welcome coolness in the heat , comfort in the midst of woe there was plenty of cool greenery available ; the gardens covered the best part of a hundred acres , with trees , bushes , shrubs , vines , and flowers of all descriptions - and the odd exotic fungus thrown in here and there for variety .
` ` so many customers wanting potted vines and flowers for their drawing rooms and conservatories !
we were standing in the largest of the drying sheds , and the late - afternoon light falling through the boards striped the walls with bars of swimming gold , illuminating the constant rain of tiny pollen grains from the drying flowers .
he did n't look up but kept his eyes fixed on the flowers , following the movements of a big black bumblebee among the furled blooms .
menzies nodded , seeing her straighten up like a wilting flower revived .
her head emerged from the shift like a flower popping out of a snowbank .
a rather angry flower .
corporal greenhow luckily had n't noticed my language , but was coming to life like a flower in the rain , enthused by his account .
` ` no flowers ? ''
` ` i understand plain , but god made flowers ! ''
` ` a friends ' meetinghouse would not have flowers , '' rachel had said , smiling .
as a nod to the quakers ' sensibilities , though , there was only one vase of flowers - a very plain glass vase - between the two wooden benches that had been set at the front of the room , and the faint perfume of honeysuckle and pink cabbage roses mingled with the turpentine smell of hot pine boards and the pungent scents of fairly clean but very hot people .
a blast of philadelphia rushed in , fluttering the stacks of paper : smoke from a dozen nearby chimneys , an acrid stink from the manure pile behind the livery stable down the street , and the intoxicatingly resinous scent of leaves and bark and brush and flowers that was william penn 's legacy .
late - summer flowers , roses and jasmine and early blue asters , and for the first time , tears ran down my cheeks at this scented remembrance of the wedding held here so little time before .
sweetness flooded my mouth and my bloodstream simultaneously , and i tasted sunlight and flowers .
unable to decide whether to faint or to run out of the room shrieking , i 'd simply stood frozen , until john had nudged me gently , whispering in my ear , and i 'd blurted out , ` ` i do , '' and collapsed on the ottoman , flowers spilling from my hands .
we walked for a few paces , down a small brick walk between empty flower beds , until we were safely out of earshot of both street and house .
` ` it 's a flower , '' she said , sounding rather dazed .
i drove to the cemetery , blanking on bringing flowers and realizing when i arrived that i only had a vague notion where , exactly , he was buried .
inhaling deeply , i twirl the flower in my hand , knowing tomorrow i 'll regret this .
because i have no idea how to say no to a talking flower , i walk over and drop to the ground next to her in the shade and i swear the temperature drops twenty degrees .
why i ' m doing this , i do n't know , yet i lift my jaw and jerk when she tickles my skin with the flower .
no angel wings or harps or flowers drawn in for effect .
she twirls the flower .
what bothers me more is that it went so wrong on the day he bought flowers for lydia .
when i make no effort to move or talk , jonah places the flower on the shelf .
noah bought me flowers ... for the first time ... ever .
the tall grass and flowers reach his jean - covered legs .
because , at times , i playfully test how far i can push noah , i stick the flower behind his ear .
noah yanks the flower from behind his ear and loops it through on one of my red curls .
noah after five minutes of glaring at a statue of st . therese the little flower , i rub my eyes and push past the red curtain and squeeze onto the cramped wooden bench .
i ' m more fond of guys who give me flowers . ''
like the info on the flowers , it 's duly noted and filed away for future use .
the skin is smooth and tastes sweet , just like her constant smell of flowers .
` ` you like guys that show with flowers , remember ? ''
i like guys that bring me flowers , but just so you know i am so still yellow .
` ` maybe we should send him flowers next week to thank him , '' max said , and then i recognized the little twist in his smile that signaled he was up to no good .
maybe send chocolates and flowers , '' i said .
` ` rae , let her put the flowers in the tree house , '' cal says .
i grin , reminded of the flower necklaces she and richelle used to make .
vera bentley stopped by to drop off flowers from her garden , which is very bizarre since she never really speaks to me anymore .
a boy with a head full of dark curls asks , leaning over the table and picking up a pink flower with a worried expression .
you do n't have to use the flowers .
` ` yeah , you always disappeared when we picked flowers . ''
then her trembling hand hovers above richelle , picking flowers in the field .
her focus is on the flowers .
i notice she forgot the flowers on the ground next to the tree .
` ` we 're making flower necklaces . ''
and rae has a bunch of broken flower heads sitting in front of her .
nicole will be the maid of honor , and rae will be the flower girl . ''
` ` the flower girl ? ''
rae shoots back , throwing a handful of flower heads at richelle .
on the kitchen island , anchoring a note , is a huge vase of fresh flowers .
the sweet smell of lilies and roses from chris 's flower arrangement greets me when i push open the door .
pulling me further into the room , he stops in front of an oversized tub , half full of water , suds and flower petals .
she exclaimed , slipping past hardy to further investigate the unassuming - looking flower .
` ` i love flowers almost as much as i love photography , '' miracle mused softly , running a finger down one green leaf .
there were no flowers within sight .
he wanted to love her and shield her , like a rare , delicate flower .
i just wanted to come in here and look at the flowers again , so mr . gault said he 'd send you out here to meet me . ''
` ` i guess it 's never too late to bring you flowers . ''
` ` i went to a lot of trouble to get you that flower .
he 'd pulled over on the way when he 'd seen some flowers at a house he passed .
they were part of someone 's elaborate and well - maintained landscape and , although he felt a bit guilty for beheading one of the flowers , he knew it would bring a smile to miracle 's face .
he knew miracle loved the flower .
the smell of garden flowers drifts up to tickle my nose and remind me of all the happy childhood memories i have with tanny .
antique furnishings covered in faded rose - and - cream colored fabrics , a fresh flower arrangement sitting on the dresser and a book lying on the night table right beside her reading glasses .
dejected , i walk around the little hidden clearing , mourning each tiny flower that i crush under my foot .
fresh flowers were overflowing a crystal vase that he 'd placed on the dresser .
dressed in a blue polo shirt with flowers by wanda embroidered on the left breast .
i set the vase of flowers on the never - used dining room table , taking out the card to glance at it .
every day she tells me the flowers are beautiful , and every day i sign my name and thank her .
my father is standing in front of the dining room table , staring at the vases full of gorgeous flowers of every color and variety .
it 's as though hemi knew his calls and his flowers were all white noise in the background of my hurt and disillusionment .
are you trying to open up a flower shop ? ''
you wo n't eat , you wo n't talk to anybody and you keep getting flowers . ''
things that i ca n't say on a voice mail or in a card , or with flowers .
most of the flowers are dead and have already been thrown out .
before he answers , dad neatly stacks all the flower cards together and hands them to me .
i felt my heart spread wide to take them in like a flower blossoming under the light of the sun .
there were always flowers at the foot of his locker and pictures of him hanging all over the door .
i bent down to look at it and realized that the paper was peeled away right in the center of a flower , making the dark crescent underneath nearly invisible .
all the skin that my short shorts and tiny tank top left exposed felt ultra sensitive , like my pores were opening up to him somehow , craving his closeness - flower petals spread wide to receive the wet kisses of the rain .
` ` on the contrary , little flower , he has perpetrated quite the offense .
` ` violet , the soft , delicate flower that is stronger than steel .
` ` or a flower , '' i tease , backing toward my car .
like a flower to the rain .
the flower arrangements on the tables are on fire .
i bet even the flowers do n't have the nerve to drop a single petal until the festivities are over and she 's gone .
` ` you like flowers ? ''
he takes the little white flower from my fingers and tucks it behind my ear .
` ` with your hair piled on top of your head like that , all you need to be a southern belle is a flower . ''
i see cami planting flowers along the walkway , even though i have no idea if she 's into that sort of thing .
it had all sorts of flowers in it , but i only recognized one - the roses .
behind him , all around the grave , were dead flowers .
` ` the dead grass and flowers around your father 's grave , '' he said .
but as i watched , they appeared to move , like living , breathing flames and flowers .
i get her voice mail , which informs me she 's with her mom picking out flowers for the wedding .
i shut my eyes as i reach for the spare key under the flower pot on the porch .
the first thing i see is the vase of flowers on the coffee table in the living room .
i just wanted to make sure you saw the flowers i left . ''
thanks for the flowers , nash . ''
in fact , between getting very little sleep - again - and the magnitude of my troubling thoughts , i feel almost physically ill . my stomach literally turns over when i see the flowers that nash left me .
as we stepped out of the elevator and onto the main floor , a goth kid handed me a note and a flower , darting off without a word .
i handed christian the flower , muttering , ` ` candy ass , '' when he took it .
he just smelled the flower , smiling pleasantly , unfazed .
i inhaled the fragrance of flowers in the air .
after seeing how jared had treated tate through most of high school , i was actually grateful to have a boyfriend who brought me flowers when i was sick and who put up with my mother 's attitude .
i ' m not a delicate little flower , '' i joked .
` ` these flowers are no reason to freak out . ''
all of them there on his shelves , too many , not enough , their stories raging within regardless of a reader : dorothea brooke forever making her confounding choice of husband , the rain of flowers forever marking jose arcadio buendia 's funeral , hal incandenza forever playing eschaton on the tennis courts of enfield .
' my mother 's favourite flower .
it was more than just the difference between feather and paper , this was a volcano that had burst unconscious from his fingers , a volcano of george , and henry james 's bowl could go leakily hold some flowers , thank you very much , because a volcano right now was all the metaphor he needed , and not just because his fever was radiating off him like lava .
she could hear her mother yelling down the hallway , could picture her on her telephone seat , the persian rug on the parquet floor , the ever - present vase of flowers on the table beside her .
' i do n't know what your mother would say to you , my old flower , if she could see you in this state , but i ' ve got a good idea . '
' oh , i wish i 'd got out my dress with the blue flowers , ' she said , to no one in particular , as she eyed her cotton skirt .
there 's around forty of them out and they ' ve brought down one of the fences , and there 's two tearing up what 's left of mum 's garden , so dad 's beating them with a stick , tears falling down his face , trying to prop up mum 's flowers .
but i told him , ` ` i may look like a delicate flower '' - that 's what my father used to call me , his little jasmine blossom - ` ` but i ' m actually quite strong .
the melbourne flower garden hotel , like many local establishments , did a brisk trade these days in what were known as ' extended checkouts ' .
he wrote her poetry , sent anonymous flowers on valentine 's day , smiled hopefully at her in the dinner queue and tried not to look crushed when she failed to notice .
he ran a flower stall in the market and whenever she passed he would whisper , ' you .
the country lanes were banked with wild flowers , and when the rain cleared the clouds revealed skies the azure blue of 1950s postcards .
she thought about liam , and how she knew in her gut that he was probably having sex with someone right this minute - that ginger barmaid from the blue parrot , maybe , or the dutch girl who drove the flower van .
tanzie , in her pink trousers and denim jacket with the sequins and felt flowers that jess had sewn on , was as out of place as if she had been dropped there from outer space .
two new small barrels sat by the front steps , filled with a purple flower she did n't recognize .
he drove through them slowly , feeling irrationally furious at the sight of them - at this sterile semblance of a community , one in which everyone was in the same income bracket and nothing as messy as real life ever intruded as far as the perfectly aligned flower displays .
i hope you got my flowers , '' anne put in .
the pathway was lit by small lanterns placed in the flower beds .
reggie had put one of the cut flowers between his teeth and was engaging her in an impromptu tango .
no note alerting her to flowers in reception .
what would it have cost him to send some flowers ?
john is on the step behind her , a bottle of champagne and a ridiculously large bunch of flowers under one arm .
he puts the flowers and champagne on the step and pulls her into his arms .
it 's her thirty - second birthday , and the man she loves is there with champagne and flowers and is going to spend all night in her bed .
he brought me a bunch of flowers to apologize for being so late . ''
david had bitten his lip as she left trails of clothes across the bedroom floor , filled the kitchen with bunches of cheap flowers , trinkets from the market .
she is attempting , privately , to reconcile this tale of epic sexual misadventure with jean , the fifty - something woman who runs the local flower shop , smokes forty a day and whose grey ankles emerge from too - short trousers like slices of tripe .
i was far more comfortable with revenue streams and income projections than with her amorphous , ever - shifting desires for this flower arrangement or that colour - coordinated outfit .
and even if she was dead we should have brought her with us , not left her all those miles away so that we could n't put flowers on her grave and let her know we still loved her .
somewhere you can put flowers ? '
treena earned next to nothing at the flower shop .
doing the flowers is doing my head in .
there was no hospital smell , and there were fresh flowers in a vase on the windowsill .
not just any old flowers , either .
and they were funeral flowers .
if they had been wife flowers , of course i would n't have touched him with a gladioli . '
' that 's the problem , treen , ' i said , and threw the rest of my tea into the flower bed .
the air was thick with the scent of flowers , to the point where i found it almost stifling .
i did some cleaning , made will 's bed with fresh sheets and picked some flowers from the garden , which i put in the living room .
it seemed wherever you were , beach or poolside , or even the spa , one of the smiling staff would pop up with some drink they thought you might like , usually decorated with a fragrant pink flower .
i wore a white cotton dress ( my skin had coloured now , so that wearing white did n't automatically make me resemble a corpse wearing a shroud ) and a pair of silvery strappy sandals , and when nadil gave me a scarlet flower and instructed me to put it in my hair i did n't scoff at him as i might have done a week earlier .
the flowers in the tubs looked defeated , as if they were already half preparing for autumn .
more like she 's a slowly blooming flower that grows brighter and even more beautiful the more you water it and talk to it ... hmm .
reminding me of that flower i described at the beginning of my poem .
since you told me your middle name is rose , every time i hear the words rose or flower , blossom , or bloom , i think of you . ''
i glance down to find a pretty pink rose lying on the table , its petals tightly furled , the flower not quite ready to bloom .
no boy has ever given me flowers before .
he thrusts them toward me and i take the bouquet , the clear wrapping crinkling in my hands as i bring the flowers up to my nose and breathe deep their familiar fragrance .
she 'll have a flower in her hair , the dress she wears will be gauzy and white , and we 'll both cry .
i visited vanessa 's grave , setting flowers on it , staring at her name etched in stone until my vision blurred and i blinked the past away .
i stopped at a local florist and picked up a bouquet of flowers , rendering the lady speechless when she realized who i was .
worry clawing at me , i set the gift bag and flowers on the dresser and then kick off my shoes and tear off my sweatshirt and the t - shirt i ' m wearing underneath it .
i dash over to the dresser and grab the flowers , thrusting them toward her .
i ' m exhausted , '' i say as i pluck the flowers off the comforter and grab the onesie , getting out of bed to go set them back on the dresser .
` ` should n't you put the flowers in water ? ''
` ` you 'll think i ' m even sweeter when you get back to the bus and find the flowers i sent you . ''
scratching his chin , aj replied , ` ` okay , so it 's got ta be something a little more epic than just flowers . ''
` ` would you stop talking like i ' m some fragile flower or something ?
` ` jacob ethan slater , why on earth would you bring me new flowers when the ones i ' ve got are perfectly good ?
cocking my head , i surmised the deep reds , oranges , and purples of the silk flower arrangement that i had just placed in the bronze vase on her marker .
you know , make sure your flowers are okay if it comes up a bad cloud , as he would say . ''
her favorite flowers had been lilies .
` ` okay , i need the flower girl and ring bearer to line up followed by the bridesmaids . ''
` ` throw the flowers ! ''
i know chicks dig shit like flowers and candles . ''
as steve started in on the pastel coloring of flower , i gritted my teeth .
he 'd come around the next morning with flowers and a grand apology .
jake could have cared less what flowers we got for lily and brayden .
he had zoned out the moment we stepped into the baby section , and while i was busy smelling flowers , he had ducked away to grab the latest issue of entertainment weekly .
` ` you can carry that , and i 'll take the flowers . ''
she was the hearts and flowers kind of girl , the hopeless romantic , who was waiting for her prince charming .
poor jake , as the brother of the bride , had been roped into staying for the luncheon and helping abby out with their twins , who rounded out the wedding party as the ring bearer and flower girl .
` ` so send some flowers or a card .
` ` you can be the flower girl . ''
` ` aw , but you 're such a pretty flower girl . ''
` ` so what are you two going to be doing while rhys is being the flower girl ? ''
i ' m the one stuck with the fruity flower basket . ''
` ` i 'll be the flower girl . ''
with a laugh , i replied , ` ` anything for you , flower girl . ''
i do n't know how he had gotten roped into being the flower girl .
after jake sat his balloons and flowers down on the counter , he rubbed his hands together .
with bated breath , i watched as the precocious jax and jules came down the aisle as ring bearer and flower girl .
` ` beats flowers , does n't it ? ''
for some reason , those two gals think a gruff , old widower like myself needs daily flowers and balloons .
i whirled around to see aj striding down the hall with a giant bouquet of colorful wild flowers and roses in his arms - a determined expression etched across his handsome features .
he grinned and shifted the flowers in his arms .
he wanted me to go out with him enough that he 'd not only come back , but he 'd brought me flowers .
i had a weakness for men bearing flowers .
i brought the flowers to my nose and inhaled the sweet fragrance .
` ` i do n't know what mimi 's problem is if she does n't appreciate the fact you went all the way downstairs to get her some flowers . ''
` ` then maybe do n't bust my balls so hard by giving me shit about some gift shop flowers ? ''
i have n't had a man bring me flowers in a very long time . ''
i just brought you gift shop flowers for christ sake ! ''
shifting the flowers , i waved back .
i eyed the bouquet of flowers in his arms - they were my favorite pink roses .
` ` flowers again ? ''
i balanced the flowers in the crook of my arm while i took the paper in my fingers .
` ` he never came to see me or sent me flowers or anything .
even though melody was almost three , both she and bella were loaded guns on whether they would actually execute their duties as flower girls .
i was never a pink hearts and flowers kind of girl , so hours later , i presented him with what i thought at the time was a masterpiece .
instead , the truth is hidden behind flower boxes and shiny glass windows and wood and walls and lies .
every time dad took brooke and me on one of our father - daughter dates , he always had one of his drivers meet us , and they always had our favorite flowers : red tulips for brooke , yellow roses for me .
` ` you brought me a drink with a slice of pineapple and a fucking flower in it ? ''
` ` i assume you want to buy a wedding dress and get a bouquet of your favorite flowers to carry .
` ` your flowers .
we ' ve never gone head to head but i ' m fully aware that bleu is no delicate flower .
they 're choosing flowers , something they do n't need me for , so i decide to steal away for a private moment to read my father - in - law 's final words .
the flowers you sent were beautiful . ''
he 's laughing because he knows choosing tableware , flowers , and cake flavors are n't my thing .
i begin reading nathaniel hawthorne 's words about pearl - a lovely and immortal flower without a single physical defect .
both are lovely and immortal flowers without a single physical defect .
earl let me leave a little early , so i ran by the florist and picked up a bouquet of flowers , then hurried to the mall and bought a new light blue pullover for my first real date with claire .
she brought the flowers to her nose for a sniff and said , ` ` come in .
` ` your first impression of me was n't all that accurate and you 're gon na have to figure out at some point that i ' m not this delicate little flower you pegged me for .
her hair was swept up with a cream flower and there were loose curls hanging around her face .
we passed the car off to the valet and then walked through the hotel lobby to the banquet hall where we found a large room lined with tables covered with black table cloths and big fresh flower center pieces .
i spun to face him , abandoning my inspection of the vase of exotic flowers placed artfully on the dresser .
` ` it 's like a little pink flower ...
i 'd always been a commitment , flowers , and romance kind of girl , even if i had n't been getting the full package from the last few guys i dated .
emmy had rejected my numerous offers for helping with the party , but i refused to arrive empty - handed , so i stopped on the way over and picked up a giant bouquet of fresh flowers for her .
the hostess could never have too many flowers , right ?
the large arrangement of flowers i 'd brought looked perfect in the cut - crystal vase in the center of emmy 's new dining table .
i thought about my mother 's upcoming birthday and made a mental note to buy flowers and take the boys to her grave .
i could n't recall brian ever giving me flowers ... except the bouquet he 'd had sent to the funeral home at my parents ' wake .
he 'd gotten me flowers , which was sweet , but not necessary .
` ` that , and the flowers that came fifteen minutes before you walked in . ''
i call nico in the afternoon and thank him for the flowers .
the flowers that i tried to have delivered were returned to the shop twice because no one answered .
i had flowers and a bent down on one knee proposal all planned out for today before the party , but like a good fighter , i saw the moment , changed things up on the fly , and went for it .
parked at the curb , leaning against his motorcycle , ankles crossed casually , a big bouquet of brightly colored flowers held up in his hand , waits vinny .
a sexy smile and some flowers ? ''
he smiles triumphantly and pulls my hand to take me to lunch , carrying the flowers that gets him even more attention than usual the whole time .
handing me the flowers he 's been carrying for the last hour , he smiles as he smacks me on the ass as i walk away .
picking up the vase of dried wild flowers i 'd set on the counter the afternoon vinny brought them to me , i pick one out and dump the rest in the garbage .
i ' ve sent flowers , called , even wrote her a hand written letter and slipped it under her door when she did n't answer .
so flowers did n't work . ''
chapter 30 jax i answer a few emails and decide to send lily flowers .
she looked out the peephole , a confused look on her face when she saw a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
no one had ever sent her flowers before .
` ` please do n't read too much into the flowers .
sighing , she got up from the couch and looked at the flowers he sent , reading the card again .
to thank him for sending flowers maybe ?
` ` thank you for the flowers , '' she said , crossing her arms in front of her body .
as she ate , she sat at the breakfast bar , staring at the flowers alexander sent the day before .
but just like everything else in her life , the flowers would inevitably die .
as she prepared her dinner of tofu stir - fry , she kept glancing at the flowers alexander sent her over the weekend .
` ` alexander , this is my cat , nepenthe , '' olivia explained before walking over to the kitchen island and grabbing a vase for the flowers .
he asked , staring at olivia as she carefully placed the flowers in a vase , making sure it looked perfect .
he paused briefly , remembering arguing with olivia when they were younger about the proper name for the flower that now lay in front of her gravestone .
let 's just say my apartment has enough flowers to last a lifetime . ''
sending flowers to her office just because .
` ` i hope you do n't mind that i brought you flowers . ''
thank you for the flowers .
he would send her flowers for no reason at all .
stopping at a flower market , he grabbed a beautiful sunflower bouquet before making his way back to his penthouse .
` ` she would rather you pick her a flower beside the road than buy her one in a flower shop ... '' ` ` i was n't ... i just wanted ... '' he raked his hands through his hair again , looking sick to his stomach .
` ` she would rather you pick her a flower beside the road than buy her one in a flower shop ... '' ` ` i was n't ... i just wanted ... '' he raked his hands through his hair again , looking sick to his stomach .
it was hand crafted with butterflies , bees , and flowers in the carvings .
` ` she would rather you stop and pick her a flower beside the road than buy her one from the flower shop . ''
` ` she would rather you stop and pick her a flower beside the road than buy her one from the flower shop . ''
she spread willingly for me , like a flower blooming in the morning sun .
i followed the trail , careful not to step on the delicate flower petals .
axton dropped his pile of flowers and underwear and opened his water .
plus there was a wedding dress and bridesmaid dresses for the rest of us to buy , not to mention flowers and a bouquet for layla .
at one point i had to reach back into the back seat of the escalade and pull layla off of jesse to find out what flowers she liked more .
` ` and you get to wear your pretty flower fairy dress . ''
she looked adorable in her silvery dress with flowers and little jewels braided into her dark hair .
` ` it sure is , flower princess .
rolling her eyes at my stubbornness she picked the flowers up from the table behind me as the wedding planner asked all the unmarried ladies to group together .
walking over to the group , harper turned her back to them and slung the bouquet over her shoulder without glancing behind her ... dallas 's not so quietly growled curse was all i needed to know that she had caught the flowers .
` ` here , take the chick some flowers .
now you are my beautiful flower fairy . ''
` ` but i 'll be all better in the morning , flower fairy .
as soon as she was gone i reached for the little card sticking out of the beautiful flower arrangement .
taking her hands in mine i gave them a little squeeze in reassurance and took my flowers from her .
and it was there , standing over the flower covered grave of mary beth niall with our shared pain over the loss of such an amazing woman , that i had realized how i really felt for marissa ... ` ` it 's been three years and i still miss her , '' marissa murmured as she bent to replace the bouquet of dried roses with a fresh one .
yellow roses had been my mother 's favorite flower and marissa made sure she had fresh ones every month .
i stretched and smiled as i picked up the little note on the tray that had a covered dish of something yummy smelling , a small glass of orange juice , my daily dose of synthroid that i would have to take for the rest of my life because of my underactive thyroid , and a small little vase with a single flower in it .
my obsession with the wizard of oz made recognizing the little flower easy .
it was also one of my favorite flowers and wroth knew it .
though he looked much like her , with golden skin and hair and large amber eyes , the entire left side of his body appeared to be wilted , like a flower petal that had been plucked and one half left out in the sun .
oyeji , daughter of the house of ogun , approaches desdemona , flowers blooming and withering amongst her thick plaits .
something was not right ; the scent of garden flowers was growing sickly sweet , overwhelming , the breezes that came through the mirror became dry and parched and the sound of night time birds took on an ominous , dead quality .
she takes hold of the nearest tongue and slips it into her mouth as the petals of the flower envelope her in lavender light .
instantly she is standing in a large hall , its walls formed from the soft fleshy petals of the flower .
mutating cyphers coil like centipedes around the stems of data flowers , blocking her search .
triplicate condensers spread like a floral phage in reaction to her presence , turning many of the data flowers to stone before she reaches them .
she moves from flower to flower , careful to avoid venus flytraps and carnivore flowers disguised as peonies and innocent carnations .
flowers of red and deep violet framed every doorway , and golden streamers crisscrossed the paths between booths built especially for festival traders .
dayn rounded a corner and perfumes assaulted his nose , flowers and oils blended just to make a man lose his wits .
like the flower , i had always said as a child .
i imagined i could smell the decades of congealed grease belched out from rusting ceiling vents , and the useless perfume of sporadic cactus flowers ; a fragrant fuck you too delicate to mask the trailer park reek , but too insidious to miss .
fuck you ugly moon with your arrogant fucking cactus flowers .
i was barbequing my neighbors flowers on a grill in my front yardnaked , noah says as he continues to point at another piece of paper , it has a list of names , next to each name is their positionchemist , tech , researcher , and evaluatorall of the names sound foreign .
to my amusement , she digs through the drawers and pulls out her brown flower printed long sleeve shirt .
she watched like a hawk to make sure all the weeds were pulled , the flowers were watered and , if things were nt done just so , annie would give them a heaping helping of her mind .
a chill rose up vanessas back , which she forced back down by concentrating on flowers , sunlight and the children .
marianne made a mental note to send that lady a serious flower arrangement .
he took the greatest of care so as not to bruise such a flower , feeling clumsy and oafish .
the poor girl had been picking flowers when a snowstorm suddenly hit .
a glass vase sitting on a small table on the third level shattered , spraying water and flowers across the floor .
if the yak is missing from his field of flowers , that means danger danger danger get out now !
cam 2 is in the flower bed near the garage complex .
the one from the tree has a better overall view , and the one from the flower bed has the better audio .
he took shots of the istanbul skyline , women laughing and bantering , a fight between several pigeons , and a young boy sitting by a flower cart with a boom box .
as he deadheaded back to the hotel , he once again passed the little flower cart , but the pensive kid with the radio was gone .
he sometime sees her as a woman of shadows , and sometimes as an angel of light a riddle , wrapped in a mystery , inside an enigma a woman who is dispassionate as an ice - flow and vulnerable as a flower child a fellow traveler who , in soothing his tortured soul , loses her very own .
the field and flowers were there , but no yak .
yak stands eternally in his field of flowers , under the endless blue sky .
yak bellows in pain and fear as his blood begins to flow , staining the grass and flowers .
if the webpage had any kind of unicorns , pretty flowers , or cute elves , i figured it did nt have useful information .
as i got out , i saw a figure in the shadows working on a flower bed at the far corner of the house .
there were hedge 's and flower beds interspaced with cobblestoned walkways .
table of contents also from the author- '' free '' novels to read shades of gray # 1- complete novel behemoth- horror short story excerpt dragon rite # 1- fantasy short story excerpt more from the author- list of stories also from the author beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose- part a the flower , the sword , and the kiss click here to read it for free or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/botb1parta.html also from the author ayann a fantasy aciton adventure series read the first book for free click here ayann # 1 part a or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/ayann-1-parta.html shades of gray # 1 noir , city shrouded by darkness kristie lynn higgins shades of gray : noir , city shrouded by darkness text copyright 2006 , 2013 by kristie lynn higgins cover art copyright 2007 smashwords edition .
also from the author beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose- part a the flower , the sword , and the kiss click here to read it for free or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/botb1parta.html also from the author ayann a fantasy aciton adventure series read the first book for free click here ayann # 1 part a or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/ayann-1-parta.html if multiple earths existed , what would their worlds look like ?
inside the two story house ... melissa stared at a notebook , looking over formula equations ; she wore a light gray dress with a flower pattern .
wives , children , husbands , nadia said , her voice as soft as the bloom of a flower .
in the pure oxygen environment of the operations room , a large tongue of flame leapt from the end of the barrel , and with a bang - whiz , the round blew out shengs heart , the round blooming in a sanguine flower on his chest .
rolling her head to the right , she saw saaras crumpled form lying sprawled on the deck , her lifeblood blooming like a sanguine flower from her various wounds and slowly spreading over the bare metal of the ships floor .
) , while a female trader attempted to woo onlookers with flowers she claimed she picked from cloud nine ( if they re good enough for the high prelate , they re good enough for you ! ) .
as he daubed incongruous shapes and colours into what would look like a flower only to a half blind mad man , he was confident in the knowledge he was the greatest artist on either moon or mars .
the twin blue plasma thrusters from the freighter , glowing like mad wild flowers in a black garden .
according to michaels father , the seasoning tasted like oregano the same way that human shit tastes like flowers .
despite blakes cigarette , michael caught the smell of the water and the subtle fragrance of the flowers .
gathering flowers , she said , taking a few hesitant steps toward him .
arielle reached into the basket and pulled out a blue flower michael did nt recognize .
arielle took the flower and stuck it above her right ear .
arielle trotted alongside him , stopping only once to pick up michaels flower after it had flown from her ear .
he smelled of earth , fresh dirt and flowers .
at first i breathed in deeply , enjoying the grass and flowers , but then i picked up the scent of something else .
she smelled of a field of flowers .
beads made an unbelievably gorgeous flower pattern that was thicker around her bodice and traveled to almost no design at the hem .
the plants were leaf oriented rather than ornamental flowers .
tall grass and flowers surround me .
i dig flower beds around the house and plant anemones , poppies and daisies .
i blow him a kiss and throw the flowers into the air .
the remaining pieces all salute him and throw flowers at his feet , then the board shimmers and disappears .
the pope bends down to place a small posy of flowers on the simple grave , no more than a pile of rubble , then kneels to kiss the grave .
they rain down on me where i lie , flat on my back amongst the flowers .
but young love has a way of wilting , like flowers as their blooming season comes to a close .
pristine green lawns and well - trimmed flower gardens offered pride for the middle class neighborhood .
there was still nothing to see except an approaching path of trashed flowers and trees .
he stood and took a heavy , empty glass flower vase from a nearby table and went to his picture window .
the smell of freshly trimmed flowers filled the cool night air .
a gentle breeze carried the smell of cut grass and flowers .
farther ahead , another man was on a riding lawn mower while his wife worked in a flower garden along the front of their home .
she imagined a sullen - looking eric in a straw slouch hat , who was carefully watering his flowers .
it was so not typical of that man always with a somber expression on his face , and after a while this legend about a flower grower became forgotten completely .
heres my favorite the beautiful lady slipper orchid , eric stopped , pointing to one of the flowers .
the cellular structure of the bean leaf was completely ordinary but looked as if it were dyed on purpose , like the hydrangea flowers sarah used to experiment on when she was in school to shift their color from pink to green or blue .
sarah was looking for a way to politely refuse and she still had solomon in her arms when her entire landscape changed and she found herself in the middle of a gentle rolling valley covered in flowers , next to a bubbling brook streaming over bedrock .
asked sarah , fascinated , picking a very real flower , soft , scented and slightly cool to the touch .
stop by estrellas this evening and deliver these flowers with my compliments , f.u .
* * * winston bolted to the top floor and dropped off the flowers at his quarters , then he headed down the hall to ajaxs executive suite and peered in through the wire mesh .
the flower box appeared long enough to accommodate the spear pieces .
dr . horvath had been so proud of her flower garden , before the polluted air and water had killed it off .
then he cradled the flower box in his left arm and gripped a power cell torch in his right hand .
winston set the flower box down on a side table next to an elegant cut glass bowl .
star grabbed the flower box .
when iridium had seen winston leave the rex with the flower box , he d suspected what was up .
just imagine , winston was saying , this whole area turned green again , with new trees and flowers like in the mountains .
just hang out , smell the flowers , if you can find any .
she stuffed the flowers into the fresh dirt , fluffed them , and said , i know , i know this ll bring attention , but it makes the dirt look less suspicious at least .
shed put a fabric flower in her hair with a clip .
while on the damp ground , he came face to face with the most beautiful flower he had ever seen .
when the boy slipped and fell in the woods , he had noticed the stunning flower growing from the damp forest floor , almost calling to him with its beauty .
izzian hoped the captivating flower might woo the girl first and make his planned confession a little easier to stomach .
there were no flowers or cards or anything personal in the room .
so close to the smoke , i noted absently that it smelled faintly of flowers .
or perhaps he was dawdling so that stephen could explore like an ordinary boy , dashing to grab a flower here or poke a stick in a mud puddle there .
learn more about flowers and the award - winning ` ` the vampire shortstop '' ashes by scott nicholson a collection of supernatural and paranormal stories by award - winning author scott nicholson , including ` ` homecoming , '' ` ` the night is an ally '' and ` ` last writes . ''
from the author of the red church , the skull ring , and the story collections flowers and the first , these stories visit haunted islands , disturbed families , and a lighthouse occupied by edgar allan poe .
learn more about the gorge omnibus editions you can also save with the omnibus editions ethereal messenger ( contains the red church , drummer boy , and speed dating with the dead ) mystery dance ( contains disintegration , crime beat , and the skull ring , and bonus stories and essays ) three screenplays ( the gorge , creative spirit , and the skull ring screenplays ) ghost box : six supernatural thrillers ( contains the red church , drummer boy , the dead love longer , burial to follow , creative spirit , and speed dating with the dead ) mad stacks : short stories box set ( contains gateway drug , head cases , and missing pieces ) bad stacks : short stories box set ( contains ashes , american horror , and curtains ) odd stacks : short stories box set ( contains the first , flowers , and zombie bits ) table of contents after : first light after : the shock ( excerpt ) after : the echo ( excerpt ) ally , beneath the sky that burned ( story by joshua simcox ) zombie patrol excerpt ( by j.r .
the zombies rested in the pickup bays with their lifeless arms and legs hanging over the truck bed walls waving in unison atop the bumpy roads like lackadaisical death flowers .
they went back to the party , said their good byes , and climbed onto the beautifully flower strewn landing of their prepared wedding tower .
marlaina tossed one of the flower combos below so that the women needing husbands could enjoy grabbing for it .
in the centre of the square was set a grassy area with flower beds and four or five wooden benches , some occupied by people sitting and resting .
as we walked through the garden the aromas and scents of the various plants made my nose tingle for many species grew in the various flower beds and some wove their way through the wrought iron work , up the walls and across the space between , where rope cords had been strung to encourage their growth .
i noticed serinae resplendent in a silk gown of olive green decorated with numerous miniature flowers individually made and sown into the fabric of the skirt and bodice , her long hair was brushed to a sheen , it no longer had within it the ties and dried , scented flowers i had associated with her normal hair style but a single jade green hair comb , the same green as her eyes , held it back away from her face .
imagine i pluck a bloom from a plant and the plant instantaneously regrows the removed flower .
many tended flower beds and fountains adorned our path .
many wrought iron floor stands held elaborate floral arrangements ; the many flowers filled the room with a pleasant fragrance .
all were in flower and the purple and yellow hues looked as beautiful as the flowers in the alpine meadow we had passed through earlier .
there was a garden of sorts surrounding the place , mostly vegetables grew there in neatly laid out plots , but also some wild flowers which i recognised as being the same as many we had passed during our journey up from gwldln .
the surrounding trees i also did nt recognise they were big leafed growths , lianas hung from them and big blooms of exotic flowers could be seen , in fact the woman had such a flower tucked into her hair behind her ear .
andra asked ; i ca nt see myself but i do n't look like a flower .
then moonbud it shall be , he looked at andra , from this day on , you shall be called , the flower that blooms under the night sky , you are moonbud .
laughter in the night flower of night , petals of white .
thank you but i d rather not be called moonbud , i m not a flower .
i did love flowers once , my home , was surrounded by them .
seeda liked teasing andra about her name , she did not mean any harm but she liked to see the look on her face , when she called her a little flower .
andra gave her a look , i d be careful of this flower , it has sharp thorns , then she put her hand on one of the dragons - teeth at her belt .
if any child of the almadra had seen these flowers , they would have stayed clear , they were the beautiful but deadly , moonbuds !
she walked towards the magnificent altar of isarie , it was surrounded by baskets of fresh fruit and freshly picked field flowers .
she stopped thinking about the past and turned to the present ; moonbud , the flower that kills .
nothing was said , the queen picked a small meadow flower from a large stone nearby .
there was no soil for the flower 's roots but it grew anyway , she smelled its sweet fragrance and then turned to her son again , are the teachings of the goddess warming your heart ?
she smelled the flower again ; thank you isarie , for guiding my son from his darkness .
she looked down at the small flower in her hand ; i am just an old woman , walking in my dreams .
moonbud , the flower that kills !
he looked at andra hard , moonbud , the flower that kills , will you travel with the tribe ?
andra moved closer to the old woman , egmar held up the plant she 'd picked during her conversation with anais , you see this flower ?
this flower grows in the bleak rocks , it should not be able to .
andra looked at the small flower ; she s very smart for an old lady , should i tell her how i feel ?
andra took the flower then looked at the queen , i do nt believe in the gods , she said .
the king watched as she lifted a tiny flower to her nose and sniffed its fragrant aroma ; flowers and a tooth , her name is a good one .
the king watched as she lifted a tiny flower to her nose and sniffed its fragrant aroma ; flowers and a tooth , her name is a good one .
he watched them replace the field flowers , offerings to the many gods and goddesses , that filled the heavens of the nomads .
the high priestess walked from the chamber of isarie , leaving the goddess alone with the wilting flowers at her feet .
egmar could smell the sweet odors but all the songs , chanting , and flowers did little to ease her pain .
she knew the water would cause the field flowers to bloom and the balbar trees to fill their branches with fresh fruit .
you are lieutenant andra oseira , first infantry division , omega five , moonbud the flower that kills .
her old body was no longer tired or afraid , she had shed her outer shell to let the newborn flower bloom .
she smelled sweet , like a freshly cut field flower and it made his heart pound with pride .
arn lowered his hands and walked carefully around andra , once i gave you a name , he said calmly , moonbud , the flower that kills , i can see that it was a good name and you no longer need my protection .
the smooth supple skin that once covered her arm was slowly turning hard and pale , the color was fading like a flower left out of the sunlight for too long .
moonbud ; he thought ; a delicate flower that blooms in the dark .
also , the saffron essence of the kasha - wheat , growing in fields far to the south and flowers of the grassland 's .
none of this mattered to the people of the shadows , the deadly flowers held little fear for them , pain and death were their everyday companions .
on her left cheek was the stylized image of a flower , its stem held thorns , it was a moonbud , the flower that kills .
on her left cheek was the stylized image of a flower , its stem held thorns , it was a moonbud , the flower that kills .
ill wear a pink bow , pink beret or a pink flower on the right side of my head .
it was full of flowers that we d never seen , not even roach had seen them in a book and he gone through botany the week before last .
there was one flower that looked like it was chewing , one that smelt like rotting cheese and flying between them were gigantic butterflies that chased lola because she squealed at them .
adam remained in possession of the man for only a few minutes , but in that time he was able to talk to the woman and pick flowers and throw stones and wander into the bush .
but adam never forgot , and he longed to become a man again , able to paint pictures and play music and grow flowers and gossip and do science and all the other wonderful things that humans did .
all shed got was the merest brush on the cheek , he had nt even brought her a bunch of flowers .
do nt squash my flowers !
she said i could nt possibly not give you flowers , not when you d waited so long .
in any case , you gave me this lovely bunch of flowers , so i could nt possibly be cross with you .
above her , the domed roof of the ship was still shining with its internal light , as though nothing was amiss , and below her the grass and the shrubs and the flowers were still full of colour .
nobodys ever given me flowers before , she said , trying to keep back her tears .
you do like flowers , then ?
have you seen the flowers mort got for me ?
a few minutes later , when they entered the dining room , donna saw that the marvellous flower arrangement that had adorned the table yesterday was still there .
buy me flowers , that kind of thing .
talking about smelling the rosesyou rarely see flowers around this cityif you do see one , pluggo said to himself , it will be covered in soot in no time .
he tried to scramble back to the trail after moving for a parcel of field flowers for lunch ; his last lunch .
i had always wanted to buy flowers for airi in that store , but never got around to it .
they told me of a flower that , if ground up and made into a tea , would cure her fathers illness .
where is this flower found ?
felmars beady eyes returned to kira , and they twinkled as he said , i m sorry yamara , but i do nt think you ll be able to find this flower .
he d known all along about this flower , but did nt mention anything until kira and her family were desperate ; desperate enough that they would have no other choice but to go on a suicide mission .
felmar knew he had won , and with a wicked sneer , he replied , the flower is called the nights widow .
which means it is very important we find these flowers within the day , otherwise i m afraid her father will leave us as well .
having someone to talk to would make the trip seem shorter and having a second set of eyes would make finding the flowers easier .
she knew that it would be nearing sunset by time they reached the edge of the forest , so any hopes of finding the flowers rested on the short period of sunlight they still had .
storm clouds would shorten that period dramatically , and would make finding the flowers near impossible in the dark .
keep your eyes peeled for the flowers , but also pay attention to anything that moves .
it was going to be next to impossible to find the flowers , kira was realizing .
kaya whispered from behind , hoping her sister had found a flower .
what made things worse was that they had nt found anything that even resembled the flowers ; they had nt even found a fallen tree .
with the lightning only lighting their path every thirty seconds or so , kira knew that it was a fools hope that they d be able to spot the flowers under such conditions , but something inside of her told her to keep moving .
we should just forget we found it and keep looking for the flowers , kaya pleaded .
she knew that her sister was right and that the time for exploring would have to wait , although she supposed there would nt be any harm in continuing to look for the flowers in the direction of the triangular object .
did you find a flower ?
did she dare fight the cat in hopes of winning the flowers ?
or did they flee , trying not to draw attention and then hope to come across another one of the flowers ?
there was no time to hope for more flowers , not when they were already so far behind .
they had nt collected enough flowers to save their father and there was no time to go back in , not without her spear to protect them .
but even if they rushed home now , they were still a flower short .
should they rush home and hope that one flower was enough ?
or should they risk staying and looking again for more flowers , burning the precious time they had ?
we did nt find enough flowers kayas face brightened , despite her apparent exhaustion .
i knew we would nt find any more , so while it was distracted i ran over to the flowers and grabbed them .
kiras tears faded as the knowledge of the additional flowers sunk in .
she knew she had to get the flowers to felmar but she could nt feel her legs anymore .
specifically , how did you come to find so many flowers ?
if it had nt been for her quick thinking we would nt have gotten as many flowers as we did .
he smiled at joanne as he started to sweep away myrtle flowers from the entryway .
veck even had a gothic rorschach tattoo on her scalp that looked like a withering flower .
and this better not be flower garlands and welcome mats . ''
someone had even put a vase of flowers on her table !
her door was painted red like she had asked , and there was even a plastic bucket with plastic flowers on the step .
luke was bugs bunny , robyn was amy rose from sonic the hedgehog , smithy was crash bandicoot and system , as kevin , was flower the skunk from bambi .
i m sure were perfectly safe ; of course , that s what they said just before the freaky flowers sprouted .
freaky flowers ?
thankfully the plant was nt poisonous but now pond had the nickname flower boy slapped on him .
making fun of him for getting owned by a little pink flower would get old one year .
tell flower boy he s in big trouble when i m done with riddick .
keep that up and ill punish all of you , instead of just flower boy .
thanks a lot , flower boy .
her family stopped short , flowers in hand and confusion on their faces .
waters clipped the roses stem and set the flower and vase on the island counter .
he d bring a hundred flowers a day if that s what it took to woo her .
waters stood before the island counter , staring at the flower he d given her , face red from crying .
as to why people gag on the smell of rotten things , the strength of such smells being a major influence , and yet enjoying the excessive , yet sickly sweet smell of a room full of flowers , air fresheners and the like , being just as strong , is rather amazing .
i took the flask from my pocket and looked at the engraving that covered the silver surface : lotus blossoms , of course , the symbol of purity , flower of the water .
the building was built in the 1940s ; the lighting was poor , the walls were covered with fake orange suede flower wallpaper , which may have been installed in the 70s , and the carpet , once a bright red , was now a greyish brown .
the flowers so real looking he could almost smell them .
the marble finely grained , and carved in bas - relief with the same flower pattern that adorned the fence was nearly eight foot tall .
at first , henry thought it was a trick of the eye , some kind of silk , like the flowers his mom had on the porch .
there was one wall of windows looking out into another garden , filled with different types of trees , and flowers .
she stands there , enoch , its me , jacinta , jacinta flowers .
jacinta flowers ?
that s jacinta flowers , he responds as he looks very surprised to see her here .
jacinta flowers , what s she doing here ?
maybe i can pick her some flowers or something .
i get on my knees as i give her the flowers .
i just gave her flowers becausei missed her .
the pressed flowers she liked to collect were fragile like spider webs .
a few measly cacti , some withered storm flower here and there .
perhaps he should nt have dismissed zariuss suggestion of buying flowers after all .
she leaned over , plucked one of the red flowers , and lifted it to her nose .
i picked a flower and .
she dropped the flower .
expecting them to follow , kyla turned and ran down the field of flowers , calling to david and troy .
she stopped to take a last look around at the peaceful river , meadow , and flowers , then she searched the sky .
she turned to him and said , pick a flower .
pick a flower .
however , she bunched her jaw muscles and glared at him , and then he brought the flower to his nose .
after her heart slowed to regular rhythm and after some thought , she said , i think it explains why cymry slapped the flowers from my hand .
i believe they came to warn me about the effects of the flowers .
we better get out of these flowers .
why am i doing this ; those flowers ca nt affect me .
she lowered her head to hide a smile , saw a patch of flowers by her pant legs and stepped away .
the mighty tristan wind is beginning to blow across the valley and stir the rhosyn flowers .
where did all the flowers go ?
troy stared in puzzlement until kyla said , he s talking about the flower you sniffed .
the experience with kyla in the field of red flowers flooded his mindthe shock as he realized what he did .
the scent of freshly bloomed flowers filled keryns senses and the days tension slowly faded .
surprise at the wilting bouquet of flowers on the reception desk .
the ceiling was open to the sky , and he could smell the scent of flowers in the air .
eliza knew she was a bit of a flower child , but by being julianas friend , she had firmly embedded herself in society .
though trees were in full leaf and the ground , until only a short time since , was covered with perfumed blue ornets , black - eyed cass , and the scarlet heads of the tall cowl flowers , those standing simply stared bleakly at the landscape .
murmuring , ` ` so it 's begun '' , he picked some of the autumn flowers .
bene plucked a flower and held it to his nose .
both men stood silently , ankle deep in nodding flowers .
he stooped to pick another flower that he handed to bene , saying with a wicked twinkle , ` ` perhaps you should join us at the gathering .
the boy could nt bear to look back to the flower - dotted meadow behind them , where carrion birds now wheeled and dived .
she 'd peer closely at flowers and shrubs , pluck pieces off them and turn them over repeatedly , or sometimes she 'd hitch her skirt , wading out to her favourite rock where she 'd sit as still as a statue .
` ` i 'll pick some flowers for mam , '' myme chlo suggested , looking around her .
myme chlo got her flowers sorted , wriggled her toes in the grass and absently plucked some maisy flowers to begin making a chain as bethel had taught her .
myme chlo got her flowers sorted , wriggled her toes in the grass and absently plucked some maisy flowers to begin making a chain as bethel had taught her .
you want to get the flowers fresh to your mother . ''
he tossed the remains of the flower to one side as he let himself remember .
he rolled back onto his side so he could nuffle at flowers that nodded lazily in the light breeze .
` ` yes my lord is how you address me , little flower bud , '' purred lodestok , punctuating this with a sharp tug on the boy 's hair .
` ` you do wish to keep me company , little flower , do you not ? ''
` ` ride close to me , flower .
` ` i should be loath to damage my pretty flower in any way , '' the quiet voice continued , ` ` but if i have to , i will . ''
` ` you will do as i say , flower , will you not ? ''
` ` now , little flower , '' came the deep rumble .
` ` i could break your back and then your neck , little flower , could i not ? ''
` ` what do you have to say to your master , flower , for being disobedient ? ''
that is much better , little flower .
you , flower ?
` ` now , little flower of mine .
if you forget again , little flower , your life is forfeit . ''
` ` well , my little flower .
is life better here for a beautiful flower , or is it indeed preferable to be with me ? ''
` ` well , flower ? ''
` ` i am relieved to have you back , my little flower .
` ` how do you enjoy the cold , my youthful flower ? ''
` ` some time ago , my lovely flower , we mentioned a brain behind the forest depredations .
` ` oh , i do , flower , i do .
` ` still , little flower , i suspect our genius for strategy is your brother .
` ` such a willing and compliant little flower that you are , petal , '' came the faintly sneering voice , at variance with the caressing hand .
` ` come closer , little flower , '' invited the warlord .
` ` you see , my adorable young flower , you will not run from me because you have nowhere to go .
` ` you will remain my obedient , '' bethel flinched and lodestok gave a deep chuckle , ` ` flower , who will help me find his brother . ''
` ` oh yes , flower , i know where he is .
he waited until the music died before he said coolly , ` ` you seem very contented , flower . ''
` ` forgive me , flower , if i wonder a little , will you not ? ''
could it be that your initiation has adversely affected you , my lovely young flower ? ''
` ` i wish i could be sure of that , flower .
` ` you say you have no interest in sasqua , so you will most fully confirm that this evening , will you not , my flower ? ''
i imagine you tell me the truth when you say you have no interest in her , but she , flower , may be tempted by your undeniable beauty and charm . ''
` ` do you find this face so appealing , little flower ? ''
you shall see , little flower , how i deal with women . ''
` ` now , my little flower , you will come to me for a lesson you will remember until the day you die . ''
` ` open your mouth , flower . ''
` ` well , my youthful flower , '' he said very quietly .
` ` not this morning , little flower .
` ` indeed you would not , little flower .
` ` so , you have learned that now , have you , flower ? ''
he did n't fight mensak 's presence in his mind - he welcomed it , opening to it like a flower to the sun .
` ` look at me , little flower , '' came the soft , deep voice .
` ` well now , little flower , you are a very elegant dancer .
` ` how drunk are you , little flower ? ''
the warlord turned to leave , but not before saying gently , ` ` bring more wine , flower , so we can celebrate your success together .
` ` you are now a man and a warrior , little flower .
` ` you will forgo your lessons from today , little flower , and join haskar bensar 's junior troop .
` ` bensar 's reports will always be excellent , little flower . ''
` ` you will be very busy , little flower . ''
on this day he stood , thoughtfully looking out to the ordered flower beds in the courtyard below , his mind many miles distant .
` ` so here you are , flower , '' came the cold , deep voice .
while the army moves , flower , you ride with me as usual . ''
he found jaim contemplating a flower he 'd just plucked .
` ` good , '' came the faint comment as the gnosti 's eyes shut and his pipe , that had replaced the flower , fell from slack fingers .
` ` so , little flower , your brother has indeed survived to cause us trouble .
` ` bensar spoke of you today , flower , '' he said coldly .
` ` you will be a master bard before you are in your mid - twenty cycles , flower .
` ` flower , '' he said , in the gentle voice .
` ` yes , little flower , '' purred the warlord .
` ` you will seek out and read your eldest brother for me , flower . ''
` ` you seem surprised , little flower , '' said the warlord , eying him with a considerable degree of amusement .
` ` that is better , flower .
` ` excellent , little flower , '' he said softly , as bethel 's horse came right next to his .
` ` come in , little flower .
` ` that was a singularly beautiful piece you played , flower , '' came the arctic voice .
` ` you will play it for us again later , flower , '' he said coolly .
` ` come to me , little flower ! ''
be warned , flower .
` ` then i shall stand behind you , little flower , '' he said .
you , flower , get back on your mat .
` ` do you miss your family , flower ? ''
` ` you have been with me eight cycles , flower .
` ` play for me , flower , then you will have your medicine . ''
luton bloomed like a late spring flower .
his gaze went beyond the ordered flower beds and lawns to the distant groves of laken trees .
as they contemplated the flowers and the water , autoc 's essence came into balance and he felt more comfortable .
* * * sitting in front of a patient from the camps who had come in after a robbery , georgianna had finished stitching the wound closed and smeared the yellow paste of the lutiner flower sparingly over it to speed recovery .
` ` but there , in the teachings of jesus , we are told to be like the flowers and to be like the birds , who do not have jobs , do not plant fields , and do not weave cloth .
jemi - lee presents jo with a flower and says , tomisk - lee sends you this gift of forgiveness , as he knows that you meant well and would have never knowingly have harmed him .
a simple ring of flowers was placed on a headstone , though there was no body to put into the ground .
rogef had chosen the ring of flowers himself ; a collection of different colored roses , with the thorns still intact .
they came to one of the gardens populated with huge flowers , most over two meters tall .
close as i could come to flowers .
he d known a guy named terrence flowers , a big energy hippie , who had always drawn up elaborate plans for off - the - grid sustainable systems .
jorge jiminez let his face harden into a mask , the same expression he wore when the boss man , mr . wilcox , ordered him to shovel llama manure into the flower garden .
someone rose up from beside the steps , shadow melding with the low trees and flowers .
she sat down beside him , and was quiet for a long while , as she gazed out over the rivers and flowers .
they overflow her lower lashes and trickle down her cheeks , glistening like morning dew on the petal of a flower .
it showed a jagged symbol - a flower made from swords - surrounded by words of an ancient language .
and those flowers ! ''
` ` the inhabited house , the fancy manicured yard full of flowers , the whole damn thing . ''
many of the flowers were blooming out of season ; i had never before seen spring tulips and daffodils bloom in july , along - side summer zinnias and fall mums .
look at the flowers and lawn surrounding the trunk .
trees or bushes or flowers seemed a little different to them .
as we walked past my flower beds towards the woods i wondered , not for the first time , what harboring a dragon might do to our parent suitability profile rating at the adoption agency .
shadows of the flower petals looked like wide jaws full of teeth .
the scent of flowers drifted through the room that made savannah sniffle .
another flower 's blossom looked exactly like a cat 's head , a defense mechanism devised to keep away the mice that would chew at its stem .
he saw the university , saw students gathering around uneven rows of gray - stone buildings and the flowers in the green pentangle at the beginning of spring .
the sick gland in the uglys throat bobbed once , twice , and he croaked before he said , i remember you , little mountain flower .
they were led by the tall , bald , sickly ugly that called wodan a mountain flower earlier .
they speak of the little pale flower that puts a smile on their face .
someone had put fresh cut flowers in vases in the room corners .
table of contents introductions also by ... ginn 's poem prologue chapters more from the author also from the author beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose- part a the flower , the sword , and the kiss click here to read it for free or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/botb1parta.html also from the author ayann a fantasy aciton adventure series read the first book for free click here ayann # 1 part a or go to www.kristielynnhiggins.com/ayann-1-parta.html introductions this series uses a mixture of omniscient past tense and first person present tense to tell the story of shades of gray .
at the tree ... she switched the flowers to her left hand and offered her right .
stephanie glanced at her flowers ; she wished she could throw these smelly things away , but she needed to stay in character .
i know it was nt for preacher ; she did nt even leave the flowers she brought .
did it have flowers ?
no flowers , i answer .
they continued down a small hall into a rectangular room lit by sunlamps and within , thousands of pots of young transgenic trees and flowers and other non - transgenic plants filled a hundred or so rows .
melissa wore a light gray dress with a flower pattern .
her hair smells like lilacs , but not the artificial silkiness of a shampoo ; it smells of the flowers themselves , as if she soaks her charcoal locks in molten petals .
the garden was deserted , quiet , the scent of the flowers and earth wafted up to them .
we can enjoy the calmness of the pool and the flowers here , jhynif said .
a sudden turn , and the space smelled like soap and chemicals and something like the flowers from the big room where all the plants were , only without the poo - smell of the garden bed .
not even on the flowers in the big plant room .
sahra had to sit in a cold tub of soapy water and sharp chemicals and sickening flower scents while c , sir and teo rubbed and scrubbed at her .
she was ready to dig into him , until she saw the flowers .
he only bought her flowers on her birthday , and their anniversary .
i appreciate the flowers .
darren , do nt act like an idiot , she said as she took the flowers and found a vase for them .
` ` there are n't any flowers in it . ''
they even had a pair of pencil thin poles - with flower pedal shaped hotels on the tops of each - reaching up just short of trouble in the sky .
beth cackled and pushed him into some flowers ( like so many before ) .
and when you stick up to him , he wilts like an old flower .
just turn that stupid headand ill put flowers in your hair , marlon was a little bemused by jims ego as he walked up to jim and pulled out a small brown pistol - with a leather grip reading the best of us were always dead .
take your flowers , and shove them up your ass !
she tried to fight him off , but the poison had taken hold and she started to foam at the mouth - they used baking soda and flower pills to create the effect .
they all out sprinted for jens car out front - which was through a series of large flower filled gardens .
he poked his lips out and spoke in an accusatory tone , hey , you in my flowers .
half the town came out said nice things and put flowers on the casket ( ben paid for the funeral .
he picks and then hands me a flower .
suzanne : oh what to make , what to make ... wonder if they like chocolate chip cookies that i have to make tomorrow ... i promised those cute kids who brought me flowers tonight ! ! !
my whole body is shivering while my heart feels like a giant flower blooming , filling my chest .
with her right , she guided winstons hand up along her inner thigh toward her female genitalia shimmering in the water , awaiting his touch , like a magnificent flower .
abreon watched her adjust the flowers that were in a vase , next to his bed .
he had not seen flowers since before the war , which had been over three years ago .
now sitting up again , abreon looking at the fresh flowers near his bed , what was that before in the park ?
the flowers inside fell slowly to the floor .
she uncorked a glass of dried flowers , sprinkling it into the water like a chef adding spices to a boiling pot .
the marble of the floor crumbled into an earth of flowers .
pillars flanked the paths , supporting nothing but air ; vines grew around the pillars , some golden with the bloom of flowers .
the petals curved , tendrils curling from the flowers center where its light was brightest .
a white flower held her hair in place .
beside the trees was a great field of sunflowers , the flowers faces tilted towards the sunrise .
quilted pictures of trees and flowers hung askew on the curving walls .
beneath the shade of the trees were tremendous flowers the size of houses .
she stood before a flower bud that loomed over us , thin and straight , pale with thick petals and an austere air .
we left the eira lingering on the path as audrey parted a petal and stepped into the flower .
we wound through the flower petals , turning towards the center of the bud .
we arrived at the center of the flower bud .
the scent of the flower filled the air with sweet vanilla .
a plump lady sat on a pollen stem in the middle of the flower , one of the lilys petals unfurling in front of her onto the grass .
but i plummeted to the ground , spraying buttercups everywhere , crushing the flowers beneath me .
the children were flicking off their bottle - tops onto the flowers at their feet .
audrey slowed the eira as i slipped from the creature , toppling into a carpet of flowers .
the eiras tread roused the flowers into the air .
a flower flew close and turned into a miniature dragonfly , glowing silver - white .
the flowers glow was like a mist across the earth , and i was covered in the mist of the flowers nocturnal glow .
the flowers glow was like a mist across the earth , and i was covered in the mist of the flowers nocturnal glow .
i see stars that look like flowers that look like stars that look like dragonflies .
these flowers she plucked a few , tossing them up in showers of silver .
i blinked , and saw the flying flowers were the starflies .
if i succeeded , i would probably never visit the philosophers corner again , or the market with the giant flowers , or drink fairies blood or firecracker flakes .
we raced down the rows of flowers .
the blades sliced through the foliage and sent the flowers falling like trees behind us .
riding through the forest of flowers , i could nt get my bearings , so i returned to the sky , hoping the knights would obey audrey and not slice me apart so exposed .
she was fighting off the bird from piercing her brain and sucking the life out of her like the nectar out of a flower .
these will look lovely in your beautiful hair , lass , an older flower - woman said to piper , holding out a small white flower to her .
how much for the flower ?
piper took the flower and nodded to the old woman as we passed by .
a white flower would ' ve looked good it her jet black hair , i would wager .
no sense upsetting this delicate flower more than was necessary .
on closer inspection , i noticed these flowers were everywhere .
lost inside of the pages as he sat in the tall grasses , his mind opened up like a flower 's peddles to the warmth of a spring sun .
brightly colored march flowers fill the flower boxes in the kitchen windows of most homes , and the smells of fresh baked breads waft though out the town with the changing directions of the soft inviting winds .
brightly colored march flowers fill the flower boxes in the kitchen windows of most homes , and the smells of fresh baked breads waft though out the town with the changing directions of the soft inviting winds .
the flower willingly allowed the thirsty visitor within her lovely petals .
` ` i still do n't get it louis , but let 's look for that flower and root anyway .
prologue : the girl with flowers in her hair there once was a girl who lived in a shining castle at the edge of the galaxy .
they took her from the field , from the friend who played by her side , and left only the echo of her screams and the flowers from her hair .
as i stared at the gilded flower a whispering voice tickled at my ears .
but though few in numbers , they represented the flower of the earth , the culmination of the genius of the planet .
the sweet smell of flowers permeated edens nostrils and she heard the sound of rushing water nearby .
nearing what artileon called the flower moon .
i picked a flower , from a near - by plant , it was a midnight blue/ purple and absolutely gorgeous , and i wove its strands into my hair .
artileon turned back with a question and upon seeing the flower he promptly yanked it from my hair .
have you thought my dear princess , that maybe it is the lady behind the flower ?
as he left the relative safety of the trees , he noticed a vapor coming from the same direction as he went to retrieve the flower .
these flowers were sure fragrant , the thought poked through her focus on the rock .
the flower dust must have forced me into the prison of my mind .
the mists did not bother us , the vines did not reach , and the flowers just sat innocently .
i pulled him from his pose of rigid agony and pulled a flower and placed it upon his chest , when i did i noticed a paper in his pocket .
he marched through the flowers and came to stand in front of me .
you know , i tried to remove a flower from a bush and it did n't work .
the secretary was shocked when corpult grabbed the flower vase to pour the contents over gralsos head .
we went to these special gardens in the middle of the old city down on the plains , there were plants from all around the world big trees , ponds , flowers ... grass .
she loved flowers and plants and wanted to become a florist specializing in exotic flowers , herbs , and native plant species and habitat restoration .
he had flowers out front that you ve probably already seen , but he had mostly vegetables out back .
partly overgrown with grass and flowers , it obviously was nt used very much either .
she would have to ask mort about the flowers too .
after a few minutes among the flowers , she had recovered enough to realize that she needed to report what she had found .
suddenly the path had wound through a last stand of flowers and opened into the vegetable garden .
there are a couple hundred of them outside the goth place already , outnumbering both loggers and cops , carrying signs and chaining themselves to everything in sight , whittling artsy stuff from sticks with pocket knives and covering stuff with slogans and flowers and so forth as they sing protest songs .
` ` i promise that the grass will be cut , the flower beds weeded and the barn cleaned enough that it wo n't smell like a barn . ''
chapter two : new york , new york rusty shrugged on her beat - up jacket , the one with flowers all over the back of it that her best friend , betty had found for her in a thrift store .
she cried as she slammed the umbrella straight into the stomach of danish and a big beautiful bouquet of flowers that exploded , sending blossoms everywhere .
he set a vase of flowers beside rusty 's bed , and then touched her lightly on the shoulder .
` ` whatever it is , it ca n't be that ... '' rusty stands there with a bouquet of flowers in her hands .
it was the smell of flowers , of summer of roses , a voice in his head said .
she ran along the top of the wall , dropped into the garden , and pushed through an overgrown flower bed to the hollow .
she picked her way through the flower bed and across the lawn , then jumped onto the wall and headed towards the school .
girls wore flower dresses with wilted pelts forming the skirt and many walked about with bare feet .
flowers decorated the lip of the crater that was created by an ancient meteorite long ago , their petals drifted on the lakes peaceful surface .
bored with her humdrum life , renee decides to spice things up by buying a rare flower .
all because of a little flower .
in the morning she opened her eyes to the motionless pattern of flowers on the sheet over her head .
though this would likely only amount to some dropped coins or a potted flower of an odd color .
the flowers he d gotten were now bent .
as far as plant life is concerned , the only native flora are the cane - trees , the sticky bushes , the threadgrass and some flowers .
in a kind of flowers for algernon kind of way , rei really does grow smarter .
but mostly the imports were concentrated on bringing food crops and food animals , not flowers or dogs .
you noticed the flowers ?
the flowers ?
the elves arranged these flowers for me .
on closer examination , nevin could see that around windows and next to doors much of the mosaic decoration was artistically fashioned to actually represent flowers and shrubbery .
take some flowers to the lady .
in one classroom a little girl with rich mahogany - colored skin came to abigail to give her a handmade paper flower .
fergus stood a moment ; he could smell the damp earth and caught the faint scent of flowers through the open door .
was that flower in my room for somebody else ?
over several months , evol covered the seemingly useless piece of dirt with soil and flowers and trees and sculptures of animals and people .
the corridor they had entered was filled with the sweet stench of sky lilies , an expensive flower favoured by the rich and normally pleasant when found in a garden .
before that you visited the quarters of the vile flower up on deck 5 and survived her switch time , not a small boast by any means , '' the man looked back at her coyly , ` ` though is it not curious that you were ejected from her residence at the exact moment the deck had been evacuated because of the mechanical killers set loose ? ''
zep had moved across to a control panel of some sort causing soft synthetic music to fill the room along with the scent of flowers .
i wonder what type of flowers those are , he thought to himself .
nothing about the flower seemed familiar , or even like any other flower he had ever seen or smelled before either for that matter .
nothing about the flower seemed familiar , or even like any other flower he had ever seen or smelled before either for that matter .
how strange , he thought , but enough stopping to smell the flowers , i got ta get my happy ass to bed for work tomorrow !
james decided it best to keep this to himself , as smelling phantom flowers would likely raise some flags regarding the state of his mental health .
flowers filled the landscaping , and their scent hung lightly on the air .
he tipped the coffee into clives flower vase .
he did nt even notice the coffee grounds on the petals of his flower .
clive looked him in the eyes for a few more seconds , then silently turned to look at his flower .
even when food crops were displaced to increase the space for the flowers , there was no way to tend and process as much as they would need .
he saw the flower , moving in the breeze .
the red flower , he did nt know what kind , never had been good at gardening .
alicia would know , she loved flowers .
the flower he was staring at was not the healthiest flower .
the flower he was staring at was not the healthiest flower .
peter looked at the flower and let himself fall into the grip of unconsciousness again .
the plate depicted a long - haired palestinian man in a robe of purest white , showing an eighteenth - century american child a stunning flower that also happened to be the nearest to the ground , yet its petals directed themselves toward the sunny sky .
it appeared to be the last survivor in a ring of lights concentric with a floor painting of an elaborate flower .
the place smelled richly of coffee , incense , stale flowers , sweat , and human methane gas .
sam stole some flowers from another grave and put them on tims headstone .
a memory i had long suppressed bloomed inside my head like a dehydrated flower that had suddenly become drunk on rainwater .
i am not waltzing around , handing out flowers to symbolize the impending demise of us all .
behind her , a vase of flowers shattered , causing us all to jump and maura to exclaim in horror .
now , the seeds were being planted here on pangaea ; they were weeds growing amongst pure white flowers in those soft fields of grass .
i sat at the table , zoning off into a tormenting space of guilt , regret , disgust , fear , and loathing , staring at the fruit as it rotted and the flowers as they wilted away .
i felt as though answering honestly would crush his refreshing ignorance the way a boot crushes a newly bloomed flower .
i knew that i had better go find a flower patch that night , and bring some home for her .
so the other men are hunting and i ' m picking flowers .
but when someone put a flower pot in front of their door , in the communal hallway , all hell broke loose .
people screamed about how you were nt allowed flower pots and how it was against all the rules of conformity and that if you did nt remove the horrible thing this instant , they d sick the hoa ( home owners association ) on your nonconformist ass and get you kicked out .
i smiled at the idea of a nonconforming flower .
it almost felt as if the architects and designers had said , i think i want to put a flower design here , and had done it , not even caring what was next to this design choice .
i only made one stop , a flower stand where i picked up my sunflower , and i was at the park before i knew it .
the two halves of the sword flanked the helmet , and crushed flowers and roots had been sprinkled on the display .
ill talk to somebody at the et desk about arranging it , but for the meantime , agent flowers , you re responsible .
his targets flight was short - lived , as an okka needle bloomed from the wounded aliens knee like a lethal flower .
amy was positive the flower she was studying , the corydalis curvisiliqua , would prove to be the cure for depression .
are you still working on that yellow flower project ?
i hear you are the expert on this yellow flower , and i thought you could tell me everything i need to know about it , he said .
in the worst case , they could stay ten days looking for the flower .
it is our project and the flower will bring cure to many .
we can find susan and the flower and bring them both back .
as soon as she found the little flower , she could return to the future and they would start the testing .
everyone would forgive susan , and together they would work on unlocking the healing power of the flower .
go get the flower and come back .
lets make it later in the day to give you time to get the flower .
a flower .
you put yourself in danger for a flower ?
finding this yellow flower is the most important thing of my trip .
she did nt want the horse to trample the flowers that were blooming .
he has gone to get the flower you mentioned ?
we will have the flower today , and gustav wants to get back soon .
i know you are very interested in that yellow flower for medicinal purposes , but did you know that there are other flowers the indians use ?
so that is the famous flower , said jeff coming closer to the table .
no , i best leave you two with your flower .
the container with the flower was gone .
in the right hands , that flower could be quite valuable in the future .
he took the flower and left .
he took your flower ?
we both thought he had abandoned us when he took my flower specimen .
this is more serious than stealing a flower , said jeff harshly .
i do nt know anything about stealing flowers , but this is infinitely more valuable .
he took the flower and now the silver ore .
he has the silver and he has the flower ; there is no reason for him to stay .
getting the flower did not take long and soon she was heading to the cabin .
she knew there was an extra specimen container under the floorboard and that would preserve the flower .
we think it has medicinal properties , and none of those flowers survived in the future .
it is probably not like we know it , but the conservatory of flowers was already built .
and what about her flower ?
anthony looked at gustav , you told us the flower was with her .
we know you took the canister with the flower , gustav .
i am not here for the flower , said jeff .
you got your flower , did nt you ?
and that flower may help people with depression and maybe even more , she said .
you took the flower .
she was going to show him how important that little yellow flower was going to be .
the little yellow flower was definitely a cure for depression , as expected , but in higher doses tied with a small bit of lithium , it might be a cure for bipolar disorder .
well , i got the flower in durango in 1895 .
there are no such flowers left in durango in 2066 .
she had been so busy with her yellow flower ; she had not followed up on finding the reason why time travel was making the travelers ill . days were going by , and she had done nothing about it .
good luck with your flower , said jack as they walked away .
jack and linde said hello to her and then jack asked , any news on the flower front ?
it is very peaceful , as i stare at the pottery , with the beautiful flowers patterned all around it ..
okay , melissa replied as she leaned forward to smell the last flowers on it .
he found the first wildflowers of the season ; just a handful of small blooms , but , still , they were flowers after a season without any .
she held up a vase with spring flowers in it .
are you allergic to flowers ? ''
all of which is a ramshackle , clumsy way of saying , hey , if you 're wondering why they look like spring flowers , it 's because they are , and it 's still spring . ''
the flowers ? ''
` ` yes , the flowers .
i was so intent on getting through the flowers that i had n't really seen them .
rather than let him try to object , anthony went to a window to watch for enemies , and ( between the sneezing fits that had been plaguing him since he 'd brought flowers on board ) to quietly pray his heart out , for safety from foes , for joel 's life and leg , for renzo 's soul .
even as he watched out the window in warfare mode , he was holding and sniffing some of the wildflowers that mr . davis the chaplain had gathered during practice landings , just to share with people who were stuck underground and so did n't get to see flowers much .
it was jarring to see anthony helping hand someone else out , from out of a thicket of flowers , dune buggy , and people ; and even more jarring when he saw it was joel , who leo increasingly thought of as an honorary son .
and there were flowers .
amy was in the waiting room , holding some of the already - wilting flowers from the copter , with friends and joel 's dad keeping vigil with her .
` ` i do n't , '' amy said , while fingering a flower 's leaves and petals .
she made a little pantomime with a flower , like she was using a miniature fishing pole .
i smell flowers , and the scent of fresh - cut grass .
he stoops by the shore of the lake and plucks a flower from the grass .
she glimpsed the card stuck in the dying flowers .
chapter 48 a stroll in the gardens - palace gardens , tara -3 ba they strolled around the gardens , tya pointing out a flowering bloom , or a fragrant burst of colour as the flowers awoke to the warm sunlight that shone down every day from the twin suns of the homeworld .
` ` i ' m going to take one of the petrified guri flowers to kiel .
lier found himself speechless as he absorbed the sight of the planet , nothing like the familiar terrain of seynorynael with its pale green and silvery lyra trees , emerald shiyar - inn trees and its indigo flower fields .
our species of seynorynaelian flowers presumably followed an entirely different path of evolution , right ?
no one had planted them but the flowers had sprung up on their own in the dark black soil , perhaps from seeds that had lain dormant through the construction or from those that had drifted in when the dome archways opened to let in transports from the astroports and space stations .
` ` no one should take the flowers from the ground . ''
riliya did n't movethe boy had still taken the flower after all , even if he did appreciate riliya 's favorite spot in the park .
` ` sorry about the flower . ''
i think maybe the flower will have wilted by the time i give it to her , and it will remind her '' the boy stopped , as though stubbornly holding back tears , just staring at it .
` ` i ' m sorry i shouted at you about the flower . ''
` ` i suppose one flower wo n't hurt .
she motioned to the flower still clutched tightly in ilika 's small , dirty hand .
he pulled a few wild flowers from the base near the ground to preserve their roots .
machines do nt wither and die like the flowers you cherish .
a woman dressed in a lilac - colored coat the shade of wild sherin flowers darted her head and shoulders from around the sheltering tree ; with an abashed smile , she stepped over a clot of dried twigs in her way , scratching up her exposed calves as she hurdled a bush and stood in the open path , hurriedly straightening her attire .
he saw himself speaking , whispering to her as she slept on the fields of grass and golden flowers .
then a day before , the fog had finally given way to clearing skies , large white clouds , a fine early morning mist , and the crisp perfume of dew - touched flowers .
she was beautiful in a way that he had never seen before , hair soft like a wild birds , skin smooth as a flower petal .
hinev had planned to do everything in his power to help the celestian colonists escape seynorynael and rebuild their lives , perhaps even restore the flower of seynorynaelian civilization , on another planet .
below we could see an enormous garden , and i could smell a mixture of flowers , vegetables , and wet dirt .
a rich , vibrant hologram like the one ben showed us of the lotus flower ; so lifelike , my pal drake will live on for all time and for all to see .
soon the surfboard was buried under a stunning mound of flowers and when all had said their good - byes shawn lifted the bowl high above his head , spun it round , and released drake into the jeweled blue water while at the same moment , another pulled the board from beneath the flowers and they begin to drift freely upon the water .
soon the surfboard was buried under a stunning mound of flowers and when all had said their good - byes shawn lifted the bowl high above his head , spun it round , and released drake into the jeweled blue water while at the same moment , another pulled the board from beneath the flowers and they begin to drift freely upon the water .
guess they love the flowers more than the beasts .
since i was used to seeing in shades of gray , the color behind the blouse made it seem as if the flowers were alive on her body .
small , gold , with a flower on the front .
quoting shakespeare back ` ` look like the innocent flower , but be the serpent under it .
leeza stood up and looked down at the frightened man as she pointed over to a flower vase containing some artificial , yellow flowers , there s a hidden camera in the flowers , and i have video of you trying to rape me .
leeza stood up and looked down at the frightened man as she pointed over to a flower vase containing some artificial , yellow flowers , there s a hidden camera in the flowers , and i have video of you trying to rape me .
leeza stood up and looked down at the frightened man as she pointed over to a flower vase containing some artificial , yellow flowers , there s a hidden camera in the flowers , and i have video of you trying to rape me .
she looked so delicious and beautiful lying there like a little flower ready for the plucking .
you would nt take my flower , would you ?
goodbye , my precious flower , she softly voiced .
the only exceptions were the soldiers that drooled over her sexy body and dreamed of her little virgin flower .
a family of maggots was busy dining on the genitalia that she thought was now poised to pluck her tight little flower master red smiled down at the little military brat he was preparing to make love to .
the wealthy man had little else to spend his money on , and he was prepared to spend whatever it took to pluck the untouched maidens young flower .
merci had hoped that the first taste of her feminine flower would go to some handsome , young man that would come along and sweep her off her feet .
it was time to pluck her little virgin flower .
when he tired of his little game , he decided it was time to pluck her little flower .
once you become proficient at them , your feminine flower will become a powerful magnet to attract a male and offer him the greatest of pleasures .
besides he had already plucked the flower of one little virgin today .
i look forward to sampling the flower of such a wonderful female , responded the pleased dictator .
the two flower girls put down the baskets they were carrying and kneeled at monas feet .
each flower girl took one of her legs , and gently pulled them apart .
they did this carefully so the flower on her pubic mound would not fall off .
the young nun watched the dictator kneel between her thighs and lean forward to pick up the white flower from her public area with his teeth .
he then used his hand to stuff half of the flower into his mouth as he moved towards her .
mona raised her head and bit off the other half of the flower just as she had been instructed .
as she chewed on her half of the flower , she watched degi um chew the white petals of other piece .
her religious training told her to hang on to her little flower , but her body kept telling her it was time to surrender it .
- thought you she stepped in through the gate with heaving a sigh of relief , and a beautiful , grassy garden unfolded before her with some flowers and strange trees .
there was also a small gazebo with a sign in front of a flower bed that proudly claimed the ladies garden club of arlington was responsible for the begonias .
pink and flowers ended up being cora 's choice , and though it was n't mother 's particular taste , she had to admit the room oozed cora 's personality .
dax turned to see how the hill sort of wrapped around the building on this end , so that less than a full story below him was a lovely flower garden punctuated with stone terracing .
she was pleased with the beauty of the flower arrangements , especially the raised quarter - circle of brightly colored flowers spelling out the word peace .
she was pleased with the beauty of the flower arrangements , especially the raised quarter - circle of brightly colored flowers spelling out the word peace .
as they hurried pat the place where her camera had been originally set up , in front of the floral arrangement spelling peace , she noticed that the flowers had been completely buried and that the flags of the twelve colonies were in flames .
but still , my heart seemed to be pulling further from him while simultaneously beating rapidly in protest because my feet were carrying me away ; the confusion registered and rose to frustration as i slid through a brush of the lethal spike - throwing flowers that andy had warned james and me about at a time that seemed so long ago .
that time , i did see the barb - flower trees separate for me .
that blooming flower held venomous barbs that pierced her inside ; she literally felt sick .
with elijah , she went the biblical route , and with violet , she chose her favorite flower .
that 's a risky route to go ; one time i was joking around with her , and i asked what she would have done if her favorite flower had been a chrysanthemum .
i shouted so forcefully that a vase of flowers penny had filled earlier shattered , sending water spreading across the countertop to fall over the edges and patter loudly on the floor .
the local church is preparing for its mid - morning mass as the priests blessed the candles and flowers for the ceremony carried by a couple of altar boys in a small procession to the chapel and the bell swung ringing in harmony with it .
then suddenly a loud explosion erupted near the church and flowers went flying into the air as the broken limbs of young men splattered the bloody mess on the steps of the chapel .
even a small amount of the flowers native toxin would be useful due to our replication technology , but none seems to exist anymore , only part known is there in history books .
he felt like a little flower girl .
most of these scientists , without having to focus on planet excavation , became more involved with the academy itself , publishing papers and research topics on mundane topics like the pollination patterns of flowers on medium - sized planets with high concentrations of nitrogen in the atmosphere .
one flower pot was gone .
* * * present day : denver , colorado ; chloe , seventeen years old only the concrete steps , the broken flower pot , and the porch of the burned - out shell of nanas house were recognizable .
if i had known my contact had a sister nearly as lovely as she i would have brought two flowers .
as my eyes danced over the smiling , laughing , eating huddles dotted all over the open gathering area , most of the beaming faces were unconsciously tilted heavenwards like a field of flowers responding to the suns charm .
wind swept over her , lifting her up above the land as she watched the flowers and field shrivel and die .
daylight streamed through a nearby doorway and ivanus walked toward it , moving into a hall where bouquets of flowers sat on ledges in vases .
he stopped , touching a yellow flowers petals and breathing in its aroma before following the light onward .
here flowers of all sizes spread even across the beaches , inside the villages and towns , so that the whole country is perfumed .
they have a marvelous dinner : abyss fish and pollen from the sea flowers of europe ( * ) .
he changes to another tune , and he is followed by the flowers .
a lovely name for a lovely flower .
someone once described a cynic as a person who , when he smells flowers , looks around to see where the coffin is .
no matter , i 'll bring her some flowers and maybe a small gift next friday .
there i picked up a gift for susi and some really good flowers , and headed with my packages into south audley street .
` ` some flowers for susanne , '' i said , ` ` and a small gift as well for having had to put up with your company 's weird visitor over the past few months . ''
i could just make out the shapes and bright color of orchids , violets , hibiscus and zinnias , plus a handful of flowers i did n't know the names for .
they taught us in school , i think , but memorizing a bunch of flowers did n't seem that interesting to young julia reed .
as a greenguard , i would have the honor of being buried in the orchards instead of the cactus patches like the common folk , but we 're still not good enough to be buried with the flowers .
we took every flower that survived transplant , gathered every seed .
i had to ponder for a moment , but i did remember that particular flower from sunday school .
but it was a flower and so it was the gardeners ' sacred duty to protect it .
` ` he was breeding the flowers for better nectar . ''
they care for the flowers .
i needed a candle or some of that expensive flower oil .
what about the flowers ?
gardeners tended greenhouses full of trees and flowers , but most of the citizens of the whisperward lived on cactus , crickmeal and fence lizards .
i could hardly see even a whitefinger killing byron over some new flower breed .
there was blood and the colorful remains of flower petals under his fingernails .
a water boy had no business even touching a flower , to say nothing of all the blood .
the blood and the flower petals , the cut on his arm , the glass in his pants it all placed him at our murder scene .
the air was sweet with the smell of flowers and i could n't help but take several deep , scented breaths .
we were paid in luxuries like fruits and vegetables from the gardens , but flowers were the sacred , god - given province of the gardeners alone .
gardeners stood at tables with baskets of milkweed bundles of small , fuzzy flowers , red and pink and star - shaped and heavy - looking plastic jugs full of something liquid .
` ` it comes from the flowers , '' he answered , but did n't offer any more details .
beyond what i already thought of as the sorting room , i expected a temple with a big statue of god and burning flower oil or something .
working on the flowers , lekan told me .
the flower scent was too thick and too sweet .
either one could have snipped my head off my body like a gardener pruning the sacred flowers .
was it a flower ?
it was n't a flower at all i saw as it fluttered by , but something else .
her cheeks brushed against my skin , smooth and soft as flower petals .
i had seen the sorting and preparation of the flowers and nectar , seen torres escort them into the tear of god .
` ` the gardeners gathered an offering of nectar and flowers and carried it down a staircase , '' i said slowly .
but i was no passive little flower , either , to sit still and wait for her touch .
she left little spots of pleasure wherever her lips touched me , like flowers blooming across my skin .
i told you that gregory was n't the brightest flower in the garden .
so much easier than flowers . ''
gingerly , i reached down and picked up one of the flowers .
and the wings slowly fluttering against my hand , soft as kiyu 's skin and delicate as flower petals i knew what it was .
we need the flowers and the gardeners ' expertise in raising them . ''
we still need the flowers . ''
we 'll keep growing the flowers for the flutterbies .
he did nt stop until he was in thick cover behind people sized flower stems .
they were seated around a white table with vibrant green and hot pink plastic stools , sipping from glasses shaped like flowers that matched the colours of their seats .
trash had been strewn along the roads and sidewalks , the neighbouring yards littered with empty cans of drink , sleeping teenagers that had never made it home that night and flower beds of puke .
it was falling heavier every year , but it only proved to bring the flowers even brighter each spring .
i ran over to my closet and grabbed the first summer dress i saw , a pretty pale green and white garment with fake fabric flowers around the waist .
it was a flower of light , budding , blooming , bending , white petals spreading out and unfurling over themselves like the first lily after a harsh winter , and each second was more miraculous than the last .
why could n't their families get along as peacefully as her symbolic flowers ?
she passed her paws over the purple flower print covering her body .
unable to refrain from her sudden desire to touch them , she reached over and picked a flower .
but even more than those things , there are small gardens lining the sidewalks with fall flowers .
table of contents the school of silence the night wanderer the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire about c.s .
i picked a flower made of blood and glass and gave it to you with a little smile that was n't quite ironic .
i opened my hands in the orison of flowers like a sad benediction from the twilight of faith .
the flowers of evil a selection of translations from baudelaire 's classic collection of decadent poetry .
and as we gazed upon the corpse you thought you 'd pass out from this flower 's rank perfume .
when everything is said you 'll go to feed the flowers and the grass and slowly rot among the ancient dead .
cs thompson is also the author of a poetry collection ( the night wanderer ) , a new translation of baudelaire 's classic flowers of evil , and several works on the use of the highland broadsword and other weapons , including highland broadsword , highland knife - fighting and highland martial culture .
thompson a god who makes fire : bardic mysticism of amergin between somewhere and nowhere : essays on myth , magic and religion broadsword academy by nature denied games dead people play highland broadsword : lessons , drills and practices highland martial culture : the fighting heritage of scotland highland knife fighting with the dirk and sgian i remember nothing suicide king the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire the illuminatus device the music of his sword : martial arts of the pagan celts the night wanderer and other poems a season of strange dreams ( noctiviganti , # 1 ) and then the night ( noctiviganti , # 2 ) city of constant silence ( noctiviganti , # 3 ) for now we wait ( noctiviganti , # 4 ) tree of a thousand eyes ( noctiviganti , # 5 ) river of doorways ( noctiviganti , # 6 ) last days of the night kingdom ( noctiviganti , # 7 ) connect with cs thompson blogs : http : //noctiviganti.wordpress.com/ http : //cateransociety.wordpress.com/ http : //nightwandering.wordpress.com/ http : //alienationorsolidarity.wordpress.com/ http : //shrineofbriga.wordpress.com/ e - mail : gilbride100 @ hotmail.com facebook : https : //www.facebook.com / christopher.s.thompson.543 greater humanity : rift gate storm book 1 by : darren hand smashswords edition release 1.1 copyright 2014 darren hand * * * ~~~ * * * this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
where there had once been a manicured lawn and flower beds , now long grass and weeds covered everything , creeping even across the driveway in places where cracks had formed in the concrete .
she stopped suddenly when the sound of mechanical grinding ceased behind her , the robot had stopped to view some synthetic flowers in a small patch of dirt along the roadside .
it occurred to her then that she should buy a hat , such a silly thing to think about , but she wanted to look her best , and the words spring flower seemed synonymous .
the mural of a mostly nude spanish goddess lying in a bed of flowers classed up the side of the vehicle .
most of his sisters gave up after learning to read some fairy stories and composing a few notes to their mothers complete with shaky child drawings of flowers .
she could hear the petals of the flowers flutter and then remembered that she would need to have a microphone that magnified sound if she was ever going to hear a sound like that for real .
she took the flower from him and stood there for a moment , admiring it .
dorina guessed it was the essence of several of the flowers out there , and she allowed herself to pause for a moment to enjoy the sensation .
the flowers , dorina said , indicating them .
she was lifting and separating flower petals between her fingers , leaning back to gaze at their arrangement critically .
there was a fancy , wrought iron one there where the metal had been forged into an elegant pattern of flowers and leaves .
i pull a flowerpot from the wall and hit it to the head of a black - eyed coming at me , the flower pot shatters .
nearing the flower beds he was overwhelmed by the scent .
maybe we can cut a nice bouquet of flowers for the table . ''
they are my favorite flower .
the flower garden will continue to thrive . ''
furniture was broken and freshly cut flowers were strewn everywhere .
` ` i was outside in the garden collecting flowers .
i wanted lots of fresh flowers to welcome you both home , '' iramy explained seeing the confused look on jeremy 's face .
even though she was wearing a drab pair of black trousers and a fussy - looking blouse with a big flowers all over it you could tell she had a banging body .
seriously she grabbed a little bottle of perfume from the makeup kit at the bottom of her backpack and spritzed the air with the heavy noxiousness of chemical flowers .
` ` not to you , i ' m sure , flower child .
sys did n't answer but picked up a tin beaker between its cupped palms and slowly turned it into a plastic flower , a broccoli spear and finally a bubble of milk .
` ` you must be lost , this is the cloistered garden , reserved for the members of our order , '' sarah bent the truth simultaneously remembering the unruly hoards of children that traipsed along the paths and through the flower beds at all times of day .
make cups and flower pots for instance ? ''
i ' m not the only flower in the garden , '' sister roberta pared down the leader 's expectations .
sarah had resigned herself to replant the ransacked flower and vegetable beds and sometimes sneaked fresh kale to josephine against the specific instructions of her owner .
sarah made great efforts not to crack a smile through repeated lectures about josephine 's sensitive temperament and stomachs , and tried to chase from her mind the vivid images of vegetable , herb and flower beds looking like the surface of the moon after the dragon was done with them .
she approached the flower bed to see it up close and the little light moved fast into the depths of the tropical forest and disappeared from sight in what looked like a little puff of smoke .
the ballroom doors leading onto the garden had been thrown open letting in fresh air and the scent of flowers in bloom .
she led the way through the crowd to where miss talbot was playing the wall flower near a potted plant .
the pool had been cleaned , repainted and decorated with floating flowers .
leanne fixed the flowers in her hair by the reflection in the window .
envision yourself sprawled in the center of an endless , flower - carpeted meadow .
and as the stony ground of a failing modernity began to be replaced with a new , richer soil , such expressions of creativity started to pop up everywhere , like flowers in the spring .
for every persons a flower petals gently glowing in the sun , and every persons a mirror revealing what you yourself have done .
alice walked out in the midst of the flowers as if she was swimming in them , charles walked up behind her and put his hands on her arms .
alice turned around to see charles standing there in the middle of the flowers down on one knee , he reached out his hand there was a blue butterfly in his palm , it batted its wings and flew off .
i looked over the hot house flowers ; tulips , daffodils , lady - slippers , roses , clover , even dandelion weeds which were harvested for food at times , dahlias , hydrangeas and even a few fir trees .
she reached off the pavement to touch a bush that sprouted flowers that would nt open until the morning .
cylindrical holes had been carved out of the inside walls and filled with dirt- flowers were growing out of them .
you mean , rose like the flower ?
i wanted to see his headstone and lay flowers against itto mourn his passing .
i laid the flower on the bed and followed him into the privy .
he was badly injured and i gave him some flowers i had outside , alexo ate them , and then was healed .
* * * * martin walked briskly up a long concrete walkway surrounded by flowers and knocked rapidly on a large wooden door .
if you do nt call me for dinner tonight , simon , ill have rylae order you to show up on my doorstep with flowers .
we sent him flowers in your honor .
you look beautiful in the way i want to absorb your wonder and name a flower after you .
elsewhere around the room , there were other such patches of earth visible through the pristine white floors with flowers growing in all of them , creating a magnificent garden .
no flowers or plants adorn its grounds , just weathered gravestones on grassy mounds , nettles and brambles tied in tangles with glittering webs in all the angles , and beyond the bare - boughed silver birch an ornate and ancient gothic church .
she had accessorised her grey school uniform with frilly socks , bows in her hair , sparkles on her shoes and a little flower necklace .
she thought of her neat little semi - detached home with its perfectly flat lawn and flower borders and knew that no self - respecting fairy would want to live there .
a pressed flower !
someone has found her , and used this book and blotting paper to preserve her as one might preserve a special flower .
as they descended on the coordinates they were given , they saw the planet surface below them beginning to open like the petals of a flower to allow them to land on a subterranean landing pad .
i 'd not seen many flowers on the destiny .
practicality was rampant but flowers are nice .
they were portraits of the flowers she grew .
if there were flowers and grass , there 's nothing left , just barren dirt . ''
i 'd plant a few flowers , too . ''
think of all of them with a big flower growing out of their heads . ''
the princess felt the engraved flowers across the smooth surface .
flower petals , fragrant , soft , and pink , fell down on them from above .
between the plates there were gaps , making it look like a flower that was about to bloom .
the back end of another ship stuck out of the divine will 's bridge , like a bird had wanted a flower too much and dove straight into it .
it left no trace that it had ever existed , except for the faint scent of flowers in the minds of everyone who saw it .
each shard bloomed into a flower made of ice when it touched a surface , freezing anything it landed on .
flower petals from the drasil swirled around the center of the island , covering her like a blanket .
weeds grew through abandoned cars windshields , wrapped themselves around their tyres , leaving most vehicles a cannoned shell of shrubbery and flowers .
i need a scouting team , also , scanning the eight untrained and scared citizens of flower gardeners , school teachers , and shy librarians .
you waltz like a flower , fly like an angel , and fight like a warrior , but you ca nt control your house bots .
this is a horse race consisting of the steeple , the river , the barrel , the tree and bushes with the flowers , and finally the rescue of a lady .
i stand on the far side of the dirt field passed the bushes and flowers obstacle .
then , rann pulls the reins backwards on apollo near the flower bed of pink and white flowers .
apollo will accidentally trample the flowers from that silly maneuver .
apollo jumps over the flower bed with ease , while rann is not inside the saddle .
he stuffs the flowers under the saddle horn .
he presents the wild flowers as i sit inside the saddle on apollos back .
i gladly accept thanks for both the compliment and respect from the universes best horseman , cuddling me when i smile and smell the pretty sense of the flowers .
rann kicks my boot as they leave , arguing about the flowers .
there are flowers in boxes , in vases , and in arm bouquets lining the newly constructed book shelves on the west wall of the room .
two boys from our neighboring house , jack and joshua zimba , who are brothers , i must what s more add , brought me my current alarm clock and newly - shopped romance novels and an enormous blank diary that i have to fill in and a glittery - like pen that scrawls with shining and glimmering ink and wholly nice - looking teddy bears and sweet - most and pretty flowers and a nice and very new pair of jeans andtheir biggest and final present , an old - dated but still functioning and superbly operative laptop .
brilliant and delightful to look at flowers .
the wood panels reached more than twelve feet to the old tin ceilings , and intricate flowing lines covered the tin panels in an ornate flower design .
a flower bed here , a privet hedge there .
the air was crisp and tinged with the scent of wild flowers growing in the field across the path and as i brought out two mugs of coffee i was hit with the first bird songs .
it has four towering columns at its front and a number of statues , tributes , and obelisks dotted around the entrance , some with decayed flowers at their bases .
in the early morning , with the sky gradually turning from a bruised arm to a pastel flower , with the flow of people growing with every half hour that passes , none of them noticing two kids stood in a shop doorway under a flickering streetlamp , i find peace .
wes lives on a pretty residential street with flower beds and bright doors .
beneath the dark shadow of the lamppost , with the scent of sweet flowers wrapping around us , honour kisses me .
this is the real thing and its going to be bloody and brutal and while i m terrified of it , some part of me leans toward it like a flower seeking sunlight .
and in all likelihood , a flower vase .
chapter two : a deadly flower anthonys eyes gleamed brighter and brighter , their red rays flashing and penetrating into the lightless forest .
go and fetch the vigament flower .
meanwhile , calvin and storm gay went after jombo and cladewell , who both had their senses and reason focused on the vigament flower whose scent they were keeping track of .
past shadowy trees and remote stones , the canis streaked ahead of their owners , reflection and heed fixed on the flower , which they could not sight , but solely sniff .
busiku was wondering what would happen next when calvin abruptly bent down andand cautiously and watchfullyplucked off the lovely flower from the dry ground .
calvin and storm gay hurried into the room , storm looking exhausted and unstable , calvin unrolling a soiled cloth , where there was sheathed the vigament flower .
its feathers reflected the shallow sun , seeming to expand like a flower trying to catch more of the warmth .
do nt think i ve sat here pouting like a shriveled flower .
if you re done licking dirt , could you answer my question as to why you have trespassed into my home and trampled all over my flowers .
there were hundreds of small desert shrubs and flowers in full bloom , many of them hanging from the sides and ceiling of an enormous overhang that would have hidden the whole area from aerial view .
a vase of fake fabric flowers on the nightstand .
ivies , climbing roses , or trailing ones and some clematis - like flowers .
why atilbe is nt that a type of flower , ariot looked around at his fellows .
would you imagine that it would become a flower ?
hmph , yicle shrugged , he plucked the flower from magens hand to study closer .
was the final refutation as he threw the flower to the ground .
there were also some areas of planting around , raised beds of white flowers and lush green .
she was not going to have a bath ; have her hair pulled , and end up smelling of flowers and stuff .
chapter 19 : the sword of damoclus look like the innocent flower but be the serpent undert ... -macbeth by william shakespeare in the kitchen the brothers and slick had bemusedly noted that the cleaning robot had gotten stuck .
ogher roared , seeing the mess of glass , cut flowers and gooey globs of plant nutrient .
she also edged the walkway and the bricks forming a border for her flower garden .
some tickled his sense of smell like the scent of a floweronly not a flower he had ever knownwhile others invaded without warning .
a stubborn flower beset by a post - apocalyptic backdrop .
contents map of lurruna chapter one : penemua chapter two : sagra chapter three : mandiri kenaikan chapter four : bhula susthatara chapter five : mati chapter six : penemua kembali chapter seven : santulita glossary about the author map of lurruna to those who have yet to be born please forgive us for raping your future 1/ penemua a switch on the boto with the mysterious black crows flowers and bees and beautiful weeds cinnamon cardamom celery sours the sitka spruce and magnolias too more than enough on this island of ours .
temperance piped in , were going exploring and look for new flowers .
looking for flowers , truffle .
bye temper , take care of your mom and the littlest one , and i hope you find some new flowers .
because there are enough flowers and bees and beautiful weeds for all of us are nt there ?
it infringed the boundary with his saudari in this case , so he focused on the flowers .
you look at a flower and ill switch with you and tell you which one you re looking at and you tell me if i m right .
dabi boards a boto on her trip to santulita the day ravno and temperance discussed flowers and switching , dabi and her scar boarded a boto to santulita .
they were like stars with an embryo within , like pregnant stars that rested inside the folds of delicate flower skin , so soft to the touch .
they reenacted his time with temperance and the flowers , but now ravno sat up high and off the ground , as he savored the sensation of the icy pinch and finding the window .
the yellow , wilted petals of the flowers in the field drooped , wet , like his arms .
the identical buildings were plunked down geometrically on acres of concrete without a mitigating flower or blade of grass .
sixty - four days before the catastrophe , paul was making his usual mellow evening rounds of his flowers , sipping chilled riesling to excess .
she looked up , smiled faintly , took the absolutely scentless flower , breathed in its supposed perfume and closed her eyes a second in a bogus show of ecstasy .
after , he conducted a tour of his flowers and enjoyed his daughter - in - laws ecstatic exclamations and then her appreciative sounds as he showed off his latest paintings of those same flowers hanging on the living room wall like so many additional windows on his garden .
after , he conducted a tour of his flowers and enjoyed his daughter - in - laws ecstatic exclamations and then her appreciative sounds as he showed off his latest paintings of those same flowers hanging on the living room wall like so many additional windows on his garden .
choking billows of black smoke drifted at ground level over their garden , soiling the flowers .
he found no pleasure in food or music or even flowers .
in the growing light he visited his flowers .
bellow stared at the circular raised flower bed with pansies shivering in the tart april wind , then at the centers solitary tree , an elm pruned hard to the point of mutilation , so still leafless .
she had lots of bad dreams but one nice dream : she was with momma , just the two of them , in the jungle with the big flowers and a beautiful blue sky full of yellow and red parrots .
the tick - tocking mantelpiece clock marked 4:03 when calistro , standing behind the table , passed his hands above the empty flower pots .
most of the time we did n't get through or when we did we could n't understand him and we wheeled him around the park , telling him what the flowers and the sky looked like .
let me watch that film with you , my star ; the way you look at me , love unfurled , flying like a flag , reminds me of her , i would kiss you , let passion unfold like a flower let there be no falling , no despair , let mozart be our sign in hope 's sweet hour , and i will ask you to marry me there .
the crowd roars and whistles , throwing flowers at my feet .
they 're modelling florals : black jumpsuits with little yellow and blue forget - me - nots ; summer dresses in bright yellow with white daisies ; a beautiful dress shaped like an upside - down lily , starting just above the model 's boobs and opening out to flow down to the ground ; an evening gown with many layers in subtle shades of deep red , like rose petals , with a hat to match ; and a girl wearing a plain white bathrobe and flip - flops with fake lotus flowers on them .
i go fishing off the rocks every morning and have fresh fish for breakfast then hunt around my lawn and eat any dandelion flowers that have popped up .
his lighter struck a flame and graced the center of the flower .
i can not , mr . lee whispers back to her , let us return to the grass and the flowers .
( vlad , we know what you are up to in that gloomy nasty castle come and join us , vlad and dance naked in the flowers !
just pop them into the earth in fall and up they pop as flowers in spring .
the purple flowers welcomed me back .
now the house as it was in this time - stratum emerged out of a sea of weeds , once a big lawn and flower garden .
through the meshes of the fence i saw the vestiges of mrs morgensterns big flower garden .
we chatted through it about flowers and authors as she made holes .
flowers for you , perfessor , said hanna , a few hours later , with her slovenly grin , shoving a bouquet of red roses at me .
later harvey came up for air and saw the flowers .
she sends you flowers ?
or do flowers grow everywhere , free for the picking ?
i never did get used to the purple flowers on the wallpaper , though .
for the flowers and soon another little o !
then she gets a vase and transforms the flowers into a collective offering on the living room table .
the room was constantly filled with very slightly shopworn flowers she brought back from work .
you leave my flowers alone , she pants out , going on crushing more of them .
she took the flowers to the operating - table and worked over them in silence .
this huge once - garden of his where you half expected a tiger to slink out of the man - high weeds , would nt it look better full of flowers like the other side of the fence ?
retrotemporal flowers were scentless , there was no music there and entry into a wave or a woman could only be cerebral .
an acre or two of land for all the flowers and vegetables she liked , why not a small farm for self - sufficiency while we were at it ?
but most of the flowers are shattered by now anyhow .
please take this and give it to him , she says , thrusting her usual bouquet of shopworn flowers at him .
when the door shuts on her jw is angered to see that the flowers are worse than shopworn : fit for the garbage - pail .
in the morning he does nt see the flowers where he thought he threw them .
he pokes about in it but does nt find the flowers .
its too much bother asking about her but he feels he has to justify his presence so he buys the cheapest bouquet they have something like daisies but with a colored heart and when he gets back with all the groceries he sticks the flowers on the little round table near the door and forgets about them .
did you bring me flowers once ?
i never offered you or anyone else shopworn flowers in all my life .
i was the one who should have gotten flowers .
i never got flowers in all my life .
so i did nt get any kind of flowers from you .
anyhow i do nt want apologies or flowers .
its not true nobody ever offered you flowers .
you know , flowers .
finally he says sullenly that he d already lived in a two - room flat with big purple flowers everywhere for two years .
hell , plant some flowers out there or something .
a red flower blooms in fins neck even as he s knocked off his feet by the sheer force of the bolt .
then one morning she come all excited , snorting and makin a fuss , and she lead me out tr the desert , to a patch of maudes favorite flowers .
i wish i had a flower and a cheap trick for her .
heres a flower , mon cheri .
were like flowers quickly fading - here today - gone tomorrow .
she was as fragile as a flower , and now this kind of political war was invading her life .
i looked around at flowers that i had never seen before .
i had bought her flowers , but felt bad for going the cheap route .
it was white - washed with pretty pink flowers in handmade pine flower boxes .
knees buckled as she locked onto the sight of his tiny form halfway up the mountainside , her desperate plea for forgiveness lost in the rowdy breeze teasing the waist high flowers carpeting the otherwise barren bark floor .
i m no poet and all the flower shops are closed .
thoughts of his implied romantic gesture enraptured her , you would really have written me a poem and bought me flowers ?
the dome ceiling had patterns of plant life , mostly flowers , carved in relief all over it .
he walked out the room with no more words and no backwards glances , softly opening and closing her bedroom door , which featured flowers she smeared on by hand when she was six on light green paint .
death lies on her like an untimely frost upon the sweetest flower of all the field , he murmured before inhaling more orange smoke .
their planet was a desert wasteland where frost would never form and flowers would never grow under the burning light of the jhard .
shooting yourself in the foot is nt all flowers and kittens .
she had completed three petals , nearly half her flower , before examining cody 's drawing in detail .
trisha stopped talking long enough to finish her flower .
people buzz around arranging flowers , moving chairs on the stage , or checking lights .
i could spend the whole day in the hub looking at the beautiful flowers .
the soft petals brush across my nose as i take in a deep whiff of the sweet - smelling flower .
he is so lucky that if he sits down flowers bloom under his bum !
mephisto bent down to scoop up another armful of flowers which had been thrown onto the stage .
' such a pretty flower . '
the look of horror returned to her face like a flower blooming towards the sun .
houses had been freshly painted , and it seemed that every flower box had been raided to shower me in petals .
rather , as the flower senses the right time to blossom , so do i sense opportunity for mischief and fun !
they wither as the flowers and are born again for our pleasure .
held on until i squeezed the winch tight and set us down like a couple of butterflies landing on a flower .
butterflies with rocks strapped to their ankles , landing on a flower made of the ground .
all round the hole , vines and flowers whose seeds had found their way out of the farming pods over the centuries had taken root and forced their way up between the floor panels .
how easy it must be to lay down next to the glade , not noticing the smell , to rest among the flowers and be done .
` ` why do flowers like poop ?
she could feel the warm air from inside and smell the sweet and salty baths , like flowers and freshwater pipes , the people who lived here smelled just as flowery .
` ` you smell like you had a good long bath , '' said boto , ` ` all smell like flowers in halva spa .
next he attacked a patch of pretty white flowers , pulling them up by the roots and washing them off in the stream .
a little girl with a puffy pink coat handed julia a flower and said , ` ` thank you for your service . ''
julia placed the flower in her hair and said , ` ` thank you sweetheart . ''
but what if i lose this opportunity over something as simple as the color of the flowers printed on my dress .
deep inside that young girl who loved and enjoyed flowers , the girl who still believed in true love and magical endings was alive again .
still , he had put his heart out there too many times only for it to be taken for granted , misunderstood or abused ... julia 's naked form lay like a freshly cut flower on a sea of blankets .
jerry tore his list into five sections and sent people out to buy the needed items as others continued checking the electrical wiring , hvac , the roof and prepared the garden for flowers .
she could smell clean air , flowers and something else growing , something tartbitter .
she saw andrew 's mind open like a flower and all his attention narrowed to what she was saying .
to tyre , i was a wilted flower , and his kindness , pity , and preferential treatment were the water , sun , and soil that would help me bloom again .
being back on earth , in that old world that reeked of decayed flowers and decomposing , burned , or drowned bodies , of blood , and yet of the old home , as well , made me that irrationally potent sad that one can only be in dreams .
janna seems to have escaped your wrath , but then , she is your little wilted flower , is she not ?
i am sorry , would you like to be my little wilted flower , adam ?
someone had cleaned up the rubble , and in its place , people had left flowers , cards , stuffed animals , incense , candles , and as a pangaean custom , four torches , two on each side of the memorial , to represent the four - armed one god .
flickers of movie scenes i remembered from the films on earth , a random snippet of a song i had listened to on my computer , an image of a flower blooming it was only when i was pulled into the darker depths that i saw .
even now , many of you are heading out to lay flowers in front of headstones , or gathering around one of several memorials located near many ground zero sites in cities across the country .
were alone on the green , a patch of synthetic grass dotted with trees , flowers , and benches .
it is a delicate flower and must be watched over if it is to show its true beauty .
she smelled of flowers .
our cities over five worlds the work of ten millennia smashed like delicate flowers , '' maeve finished bitterly .
she took the flower from his fingers and tucked it behind one of her pointed ears .
you re banging vantanibles sweet innocent flower ?
through watery eyes , i gazed at the bright pink flower .
i turned away from the flower , scolding myself for falling into their trap so easily .
he pulled a scalpel from his pack and pressed it into the flower 's stigma .
every step i took away from the noxious flower seemed to clear my head a little more .
her allure was even more overwhelming than the flower .
i smiled , sadly humored by their similarities , because , just like the flower , giving in could be deadly .
fresh mud clung to the outside edges of the print , and a crushed flower that 'd not had time to wilt lay at its bottom .
he dreamed of ocean water showing three flower plants in the color black rising from water unfurling their petals recognizing them as the dream goddesses on terra spoken to people through dreaming states showing them as always roses rising from the ocean waters .
he followed leading him to a wall in the hallway that slid open and walked out to show a large hallway with rugged floors and spotted the hidden door had a picture of a flower framed along with filming sensed .
i was given flowers and medals and then i was loaded into a modified stealth bomber .
the breeze carried the scent of the flowers that covered the fences dozens of meters away .
the first of the musicians and flower children left avantine square and turned the corner to walk downhill .
more musicians and flower children followed .
children tossed flowers into the air where the petals were lifted by the breeze .
sado propped his rifle on the side of a flower bed and looked around .
ahljaela returned to the brick flower bed and six soldiers took up positions on both sides of the street .
another stomp on the pedal forced the car onto the caf 's sidewalk and it veered away from the building , nudging an outside table before knocking over a flower pot .
a flower blossomed in her face and its beauty made her quake .
also , if you could get us the address to the funeral home , the team would like to send flowers .
` ` shut up , gunnarsson , '' she said , and stomped off to the edge of some flora , acting as if she was looking at flowers , but in reality hiding the fact that her eyes were tearing up .
of course , liliana was also elated , especially after learning she was to be the flower girl and would also wear a pretty dress .
why would cal be talking about her flowers at a time like this ?
she stroked a blooming flower .
spring flowers were sprouting in the garden , and ariel spent hours out there in her sweats , doing yoga and practicing the various tai chi routines that she had begun to learn in dublin .
someone could surely help him with flowers and apologies for the forced experiment with her capabilities .
she touched the flowers and found herself with a quick premory of a young florists happiness at receiving lavish praise for his fine work at an upcoming local wedding .
there were flowers on the kitchen counter .
there were flowers on the little blue wooden table .
there were flowers on the coffee table , flowers by the bathroom sink , more by the bed , and there were even flowers on the floor .
there were flowers on the coffee table , flowers by the bathroom sink , more by the bed , and there were even flowers on the floor .
there were flowers on the coffee table , flowers by the bathroom sink , more by the bed , and there were even flowers on the floor .
so who do we know that sends flowers for mikkel ?
they even had a tiny park and a few flowers were growing there .
rocks , flowers , trees , trout in the shallows , all that good shit .
a real shy flower this one .
the prairie grasses and flowers have tall seed heads waving in the wind and the trees along the creek are cloaked in fall colors .
` ` buy her flowers , '' the standing deputy said .
` ` this time of year you can get little spring flowers .
` ` you mean plastic flowers on real flowers ?
` ` you mean plastic flowers on real flowers ?
spring flowers , he thought as he reached the elevator .
we should hurry , he thought , because later on all the spring flowers like they told me about will be dead .
maybe she 'll wander in , spaced on hash , looking for me and the spring flowers i promised her , and barris will offer her a bowl of jell - o he made himself special , and ten days later she 'll be thrashing in agony in an intensive - care ward and it wo n't do any good then .
` ` you 're seeing the flower of the future , '' donald , the executive director of new - path , said .
` ` flowers of spring gone . ''
dad is making me wear the red dress , and i want to wear the blue one with the flowers . ''
he found himself in an early - victorian bedroom , blue - striped wallpaper , silhouettes in oval frames , silk flowers in vases .
and if you dream at all , it 'll be about nice things , like sunshine on flowers , and the lake in summertime . ''
` ` it was that tattooed man , '' she said , ` ` the one who gave me a flower .
nora opened her flower around me like ganesha 's shakti .
they admired the flowers unrestrainedly .
it was isolated from the lifeless planet on which it was located by a force field , but the rooms were built about a five - acre farm ( under glass , of course ) , which , in the planet 's beneficent sunlight , grew flowers for pleasure and vegetables for health .
de meister faded to the left , shot out an arm and a foot , and graham described a parabolic arc that ended in the total destruction of an end table , a vase of flowers , a fish - bowl , and a five - foot section of wall .
do n't you ever want to see blue sky and trees and ocean and feel wind and smell flowers - ' ` ` oh , i could go on and on , ben .
- natasha , little flower , is that what you wish , too ? ''
they rarely had to deal with any crime more heinous than littering , or any criminal act more violent than someone picking flowers without a permit .
when kresh had taken office , the city of hades had been all but literally on the verge of drying up and blowing away , the deserts had been spreading , the plants dying , the flower beds and gardens covered with the dust that blew into town with every gust of wind .
robots that had served as assistant cooks and stand - by drivers , robots that had served no other function than to wait until someone wanted to enter or leave a room , and then push the button that activated the automatic door , robots that had been wasted on the most menial and absurd of tasks , suddenly found themselves planting trees , operating earth - moving equipment , hand - pollinating flowers , and raising fish and insects and mammals to be released into the wild .
there were two robots at work pruning the shrubbery , and a third on its knees by one of the flower beds , apparently doing some sort of work by the roots .
daneel paused , then said , ` ` i am not certain what is meant by the smell of a rose , but if a rose on earth is the common flower that is called a rose on aurora , and if by its ' smell ' you mean a property that can be detected , sensed , or measured by human beings , then surely calling a rose by another sound combination and holding all else equal - would not affect the smell or any other of its intrinsic properties . ''
lindor said in a low voice , ` ` if any of them get close , you 'll find they do n't smell like hothouse flowers . ''
taking up a hand hoe , she attacked some weeds that had sprung up in her small flower garden outside the psychohistory building at streeling .
new flower beds edged jessica 's house , her father 's latest project .
it seemed to uncoil from the ground , its eight legs spreading out from its bulbous center like the blooming of some horrific flower .
only a minority of the shrubs and flowers were planted in raised beds .
the third had greenish cobblestones , and led through a field of nice low flowers that left lots of visibility around us .
even as i struggled back to my feet , tearing them away from my wrists and ankles , i noticed that the flowers around me had begun to blush a deep bloodred .
mrs . spunkelcrief handed me a loose brick from a little flower planter 's wall and said , ` ` here .
that much spilled blood would start drawing vampires to the wounded girl like bees to flowers .
working in a flower garden !
when he thought of the color red , he did not think of flowers but of blood .
in seville - which is about forty miles south of san francisco - we had a number of japs doing business ; one ran a flower nursery , another had a grocery store - the usual small - time businesses that they run , cutting pennies here and there , getting their ten kids to do all the work , and generally living on a bowl of rice a day .
fay had said it was the usual sinus inflammation that people felt so near the ocean , with the strong winds , plus the pollen from all the flowers and trees , but i had never been convinced .
( she had matured early , and a high - school teacher had once appraised her as ` ` the very flower of virile texas womanhood . '' )
a flower for your grave . ''
i could smell a lake somewhere nearby , moss and flowers and dead fish blending in with the scent of mildewed pine .
again , he saw the stained - glass flower .
once again , his thoughts were interrupted by images from the past : the white garter belt ... a bowl of popcorn ... . the stained - glass flower on the door to his apartment .
the stained - glass flower , in gaudy orange and purple .
what about flowers ?
you mean , like flowers for meredith ? ''
` ` then why were you mentioning to me the flower , hmm ? ''
the old man was always so confusing and he liked to be- ` ` the flower , '' dorfman said irritably , rapping his knuckles on the wheelchair arm .
` ` the stained - glass flower in your apartment .
then he remembered the image of the stained - glass flower , the image that had come unbidden to his mind a few days earlier .
the flower mounted in the door of his apartment .
it was said this atreides came to change our world and our universe , that he was the man to make the golden flower blossom in the night . ''
` ` the facts needed by a mentat do not brush off onto one as you might gather pollen on your robe while passing through a field of flowers , '' hayt said .
he stood , crossed to the lapped opening in the grillwork , went out onto a balcony which looked upward to flowers and vines trailing from the garden .
triangular meta - glass windows on her left gave a view upward to trellised vines and indigo flowers in deep shadows cast by the afternoon sun .
and at shanidar cave in iraq , a neanderthal was buried with flowers in the grave .
and his office - fjon 's old room - overlooked nicely trimmed hedges and carefully arranged flower beds .
` ` but ... '' sarene turned her canvas with a proud smile , showing the king a painting that only remotely resembled a picture of some flowers .
` ` but that 's a picture of flowers . ''
` ` though i ca n't quite say what kind of statement she was trying to make by representing a flower patch with a brown smudge that only vaguely resembles a horse . ''
a few quilts hung on the walls - probably donations from elderly patrons - and flowers and plants sat lined up beneath them , their buds peeking out in the spring weather .
hedge - walled pathways led away from the pavilion , toward newly blooming flower beds , bridge - covered ponds , and sculpture displays .
she asked , her attention snapping away from the crosswood flowers .
the room 's pillars were wrapped with white ribbons , and there were various arrangements of flowers - mostly white roses or aberteens .
he bowed his head , proffering the flower .
where had he gotten the flower ?
i hope you did n't send flowers .
know the ma ? tre d ' , the hatcheck girl , the flower girl ... unless they , like me , are somehow now changed .
planch noted the ship 's name : flower of evil .
back aboard the flower of evil , with lodovik safely stowed in a box in the hold , she passed planch a bottle of trillian water of life , and he poured himself a glass and lifted it in cheerless toast .
the ship doors closed behind him , and he concealed an algorithmic turbulence , what in human terms he would have called an intellectual panic -- not at the closed spaces of the ship , but at the opening flowers of curiosity within his own mind !
she met his worried gaze with a defiant frown , then shoved one final item , a small toy flower , into the case .
it was a thin strand of something ... and what appeared to be a ... ` ` a flower ? ''
children waited to one side with flowers .
the flowers were wilted .
another urchin extended flowers toward siona , lifting a wide - eyed stare toward her .
she accepted the flowers without looking at the child .
there was a harshness in tuono , a struggling something behind the wilting flowers and the servile tone of garun 's voice .
there was an old man out there at a distance , digging in flowers .
a fremen tending flowers in the open !
perhaps , in the bright sunlight the evil flowers in his mind would shrivel and anything would be possible .
` ` fake is pretending to deliver flowers to someone and then shooting them in the face when they answer the door .
it fell in light layers around her skinny body and she had white flowers braided into her long hair .
man , we need to send kere flowers or a woman or something to say thank you for this . ''
the table was topped with two ornate silver candelabras and an impressive bouquet of freshly cut flowers .
that was it ... she ran to the huge table in the foyer where there was an oversize lead vase of fresh cut flowers .
without breaking stride , she seized it , dumped the flowers and water out of it , then slammed the vase into the balustrade as hard as she could .
` ` remind me , i need to send shahara flowers for letting me keep you away from her for so long . ''
but there had been no prosecution , and today the canal , modestly named after rockingham 's eldest child , carried water eighty miles out into the desert , so that pat rockingham could live in a lovely spot and have a lawn , a swimming pooi , and a fully irrigated flower garden .
for instance , before they had even left the rocket terminal building , the old man in his stiff suit with his vest and gold cuff links -- it was the suit that the boy had watched to catch sight of , along the ramp from where the passengers appeared -- stopped at the flower counter and bought the boy 's mother a bunch of large blue earth flowers .
for instance , before they had even left the rocket terminal building , the old man in his stiff suit with his vest and gold cuff links -- it was the suit that the boy had watched to catch sight of , along the ramp from where the passengers appeared -- stopped at the flower counter and bought the boy 's mother a bunch of large blue earth flowers .
he hugged the girl tightly to his body , trying his best to protect her as he thumped against the hard - packed dirt of what had once been a flower bed .
it looked like there 'd once been an effort to make the grounds a little prettier than the barren land around it , but the bushes and flowers and trees had long succumbed to winter , and the patches of gray dirt he could see amid the snow bore only weeds .
two more beetle blades captured his attention , both roaming the snow - covered weeds of the flower beds , scanning left and right with their red beams as they scuttled along .
one of his feet had penetrated the soft black soil of a flower bed ; he rested on a half - crushed tuberous begonia .
flowers imitate insects - patterning their petals after wings , stealing their smells .
that 's how jasmine flowers have sex with each other . ''
she was silent for a moment , still holding me , thinking about all those flowers having butterfly - mediated sex .
there was a particular kind of flower or something .
she stepped forward , between two of the carved wooden columns , and the flowers wrought into the wood upon them twitched and then burst into sudden blooms of living color .
when she walked by the flowers that had bloomed in lily 's presence , they froze over , withered , and died .
as always , i ' m surprised that she smells of flowers .
with a languid gesture , i indicate my appreciation for the flowers .
the room is heavy and damp , a little warm for my tastes , and redolent with the perfume of blooming flowers that taste syrup sweet on my tongue when i inhale .
would you like to take a walk through my nightmares and plant flowers along the way ? ''
we landed under the flower of peace .
ithtorians prefer to keep the indoors like the tropics they no longer enjoy outside , but i ' m no hothouse flower .
as always , she smells of flowers .
` ` so you sweat flowers ? ''
i touch my brow , surprised to find i ' m sweaty as hell , but unlike dina , i do n't smell of flowers .
as always , the blond mechanic smells of flowers , a minor tweak to her apocrine glands , as i recall .
from the poetry of the story he shared earlier , he remembers the vibrant young woman she was instead of the dying flower she 's become .
new flowers are placed on the tables , and the remaining patrons resume their meals .
hot color washes her cheeks , the shade of tropical flowers that grew in my mother 's garden on venice minor .
he 'll do more good fertilizing the flowers than he ever did in life . ''
out - of - season flowers have been nurtured in glasshouses , beneath costly vita - bulbs .
he was thoroughly dead , his eyes glassy , empty , and there were flowers growing in a hole where his heart had been .
he was wandering around the jungle back of these buildings , gathering wild flowers and writing sonnets .
` ` all right then , '' captain tozbek said , ` ` you 're like a flower . ''
` ` i ' m allergic to flowers . ''
` ` well , be that true , i still say you 're as pretty as a flower . ''
` ` now , why is a young flower like yourself bothering herself with such topics ? ''
tonight , flowers floated in the slow current .
she stood out in the white room like a flower upon a field of barren stone .
he leaned forward , smelling what could have been old flowers or ancient spices , and exhaled .
he saw another struck by the grille and mashed against the side of damli house as the engine crashed , spraying boards and glass , then breaking through a bulkhead which had been partially concealed by a bed of sickly flowers .
he thought it might be flowers .
` ` i 'd take him outside to the flower garden and have sex with him . ''
` ` in the flower garden ? ''
we did n't rush out to greet them with flowers and kisses .
then i feel him ; he is in the warmth , too , and there 's no separation between us , no spot where i end and he begins , and i open up like a flower to the rain , achingly slow and dizzyingly fast , dissolving in the warmth , dissolving in him and there 's nothing to see , that 's just the convenient word he used because there is no word to describe him , he just is .
and i open to him , a flower to the rain .
animals did not do as well in the artificial light as flattery would have liked , but his flowers , trees and grasses thrived .
and every little garden is bordered by flowers , all color ... '' it was the wistful expression on gray 's face that worried doob .
she was a sculptress of flowers , and appreciated an audience for her art .
stella dressed like the flowers she raised .
stella had never given up on flowers or the bees that made them possible .
stella had some strong opinions , but preferred to concentrate on her flowers .
the grim - faced security sported a flesh flower behind his ear , one of the new sculpted skin designs that she found repulsive .
` ` you must like flowers , you went through a lot of pain and trouble to get the one behind your ear . ''
` ` you ca n't eat flowers .
you do n't need a license to grow flowers .
mckie smelled familiar flowers , glimpsed the bowers of his tutalsee island before the door blinked out of existence , hiding jedrik and the island from him .
the gunslinger said doubtfully , thinking of apple trees and the spring flowers in the royal court gardens .
a person was like a dense forest thicket , overgrown with a twisting mess of vines , weeds , shrubs , saplings , and flowers .
one sterilized an area before bringing in lovely flowers .
women of lower stations in life could take jobs as seamstresses , flower girls , field workers , or any of a dozen lowly occupations .
outside the room had been green lawns , sunshine and patients preparing the flower beds for spring .
they rushed past with a scissoring urgency , across brown paths , grass , disturbing yellow petals in a flower border .
the fire - tasters actually ... ingest the smoke from burning the walking flowers ?
but i was not surprised , given his background on the planet of the flowers , at his strong reaction to the fate of a similar life - form on another world .
the fire - tasters did not consider the walking flowers to be their equals - a cultural prejudice - so it was a while , even after the first wave of settling , before the souls realized they were murdering intelligent creatures .
when this obstacle is overcome , as it will be soon , i ' m sure , there is hope that the walking flowers might also be assimilated .
` ` the walking flowers ? ''
the air was golden and soft , and the smell of the ocean gave a briny edge to the honey sweet fragrance of the flowers in the bushes .
the planet of the flowers was lovely ...
it feels like a flat sun trapped between us - pressed like a flower between the pages of a thick book , burning the paper .
i started to tell him about the planet of the flowers , about the color and the light , but he interrupted me with a new question .
staying with their bodies ' families , going out for picnics in good weather , plantin ' flowers and paintin ' pictures and all the rest of it .
when he was satisfied about the spiders , hours later , he wanted to know more about the flowers .
i would feel the same as i do now , even as a bear or a flower . ''
i wondered if she was from the flower planet .
just do n't go wandering off into the desert , flower . ''
i 'll be pleased when my shift is over , so that i can go home and tell my partner i met another green - first flower .
` ` um ... tell her , brightest sun , longest day ' for me , '' i said , giving him the earthly translation of the common greeting and farewell on the flower planet .
mel was all for the mists planet after my story tonight , but i thought the planet of the flowers would be more fitting .
she deserved a mild , pleasant new life with the flowers .
the flowers are the farthest , and the dolphins , bears , and spiders all take at least a century to go one way .
the flowers , maybe ?
` ` it 's just the bears , the flowers , and the dolphins , '' i told him .
` ` if i were a dolphin or a bear or a flower , it would n't matter .
i was n't going to go live as a dolphin or a flower , always grieving for the loves i 'd left behind me , all dead by the time i opened my eyes again - if i even had eyes .
she was a beautiful flower .
it was the perfect face for a night flower .
like an exact translation from flower to human .
he had to miss the flower patched softness .
hobbling quickly across the flower splotched softness , the man lowered himself across the edge .
he limped slowly past the silent steel tower , which was an oil burner ; past the huge red serpent , which was a nozzle less garden hose clumsily coiled on the floor , past the wide cushion whose case was covered with flower designs ; past the immense orange structure , which was a stack of two wooden lawn chairs ; past the great croquet mallets hanging in their racks .
i call it the flower room . ''
` ` now , here we have some of the young products from the flower room .
the ... . '' ` ` does your flower room have another name ? ''
- mary shelley 's frankenstein , shiprecords ` ` i like to call this the flower room , '' murdoch said , leading rachel demarest across the open area to the lock .
` ` it 's the flower room , '' he said .
the two huge flowers flanking the hatchwa ... . she 'd noticed them before .
as she passed through the hatchway she imagined that she heard a tiny voice pleading from the heart of one of the flowers : feed me , feed me .
there 's a power here that even morgan ca n't buy , she thought , and fought back the temptation to run past the plazzed - in trees , the flowers , and the pond , past the stream meandering through the grasses , past the protection of the compound itself and into the wild sea air of pandora .
the musk of uncounted flowers savaged his nostrils .
do you see the flowers ? ''
` ` laurel , that 's a flower , is n't it ? ''
a flower - petal pressed for many years between the pages of a book might give off the same distant memory of scent .
the car bounced through what had once been a flower bed , and around the back of the manager 's residence .
` ` the yucca plant depends on a particular moth which gathers pollen into a ball , and carries the ball to a different plant - not a different flower on the same plant - where it rubs the ball on the plant , fertilizing it .
it cartwheels over david carver 's soggy corpse , lands with its wheels up and spinning , and then another hit bends it almost double and sends it into the flowers to the left of the driveway .
the pink one and the yellow one are now pouring fire into the reed and geller residences , shattering birdbaths , blasting away faucet bibs , breaking basement windows , shredding flowers and bushes , slicing through raingutters that drop , slanting , to the lawns below .
jan amp ; i talk , i feel the sun on my face , i smell the flowers .
what happened to his face - the way it opened up in surprise amp ; delight , like a flower in the sun - was almost worth the whole damned horror show .
we 're her neighbors , we all sent her flowers when her husband ate the end of his gun , most of us went to his funeral ( johnny himself had been in california , talking to a convention of children 's librarians ) , but we never knew .
but never mind the bees and flowers and picturesque rock wall ; if i know my kath , it 's the ghosts she 'll be wanting .
her full skirt , spread around her and hiding her legs , made her look like a wilted flower .
the whole street shimmered with the shapes of splashes , like a garden of ice flowers .
it was 9 a.m. she looked down at the desk in front of her , which was bare except for a vase of flowers and a notepad .
it was n't the sort of cultivated flower he had seen in florists ' shops ; he supposed it was a wild rose .
when his fingers left the faded pink bowl of the flower , it nodded back to its original position , growing out of the paint - splattered weeds in its quiet , forgotten splendor .
this was n't a lawn but a showplace , with beds of flowers blazing like torches in the soft green grass .
roland leaned over to jake , who was sitting tailor - fashion near an oval bed of bright green flowers with oy at his side .
mercy stood by a bed of flowers between the back of the church and the table where they sat .
mourners please omit flowers , probably , and for all of us .
he thought , looking at her studious frown and the absent way she read - justed the yellow flower in her hair when it tried to slip free , that she alone might sense that the tattered book of riddles could be as important as charlie the choo - choo ... maybe more important .
there were open areas between these imposing edifices , and although the grass and flowers which had once grown there had been choked off by weeds and tangles of underbrush , the area still had a stately feel , and eddie wondered if it had once been the center of lud 's cultural life .
cut flowers .
in fact , it troubled him deeply that the furnishings of lonigan and sons , the funeral parlor , and the limousines with their gray velvet upholstery and even the flowers and the finely dressed pall bearers seemed connected to the atmosphere of the elegant movies michael so valued .
he loved the flower stands which sold bouquets of red roses for almost nothing , and the fancy stores on union square .
the world of the flower children , of political revolution and personal transformation through drugs , was something he never fully understood , and something which never really touched him .
years later , he would maintain that the great sixties revolution in consciousness had benefited every person in the nation - that the renovation of old houses , the creation of gorgeous public buildings with flower - filled plazas and parks , the erection even of the modern shopping malls with marble floors , fountains , and flower beds - all this directly stemmed from those crucial years when the hippies of the haight ashbury had hung ferns in the windows of their flats and draped their junk furniture with brilliantly colored indian bedspreads , when the girls had fixed the proverbial flowers in their free - flowing tresses , and the men had discarded their drab clothes for shirts of bright colors and had let their hair grow full and long .
years later , he would maintain that the great sixties revolution in consciousness had benefited every person in the nation - that the renovation of old houses , the creation of gorgeous public buildings with flower - filled plazas and parks , the erection even of the modern shopping malls with marble floors , fountains , and flower beds - all this directly stemmed from those crucial years when the hippies of the haight ashbury had hung ferns in the windows of their flats and draped their junk furniture with brilliantly colored indian bedspreads , when the girls had fixed the proverbial flowers in their free - flowing tresses , and the men had discarded their drab clothes for shirts of bright colors and had let their hair grow full and long .
years later , he would maintain that the great sixties revolution in consciousness had benefited every person in the nation - that the renovation of old houses , the creation of gorgeous public buildings with flower - filled plazas and parks , the erection even of the modern shopping malls with marble floors , fountains , and flower beds - all this directly stemmed from those crucial years when the hippies of the haight ashbury had hung ferns in the windows of their flats and draped their junk furniture with brilliantly colored indian bedspreads , when the girls had fixed the proverbial flowers in their free - flowing tresses , and the men had discarded their drab clothes for shirts of bright colors and had let their hair grow full and long .
he could smell the christmas greens , mingling with the sweetness of the flowers and the burning wax .
florist flowers , surely , yet there were so many ' do you see that , father ? '
' and they have the nerve to tell me it was her invisible friend , the devil himself , that put those flowers here , brought them right into her arms while they watched , the little thieves !
they stole those flowers from the very altar of st alphonsus - ! '
and father mattingly realized he was stepping all over the flowers and the silent white - faced child was staring at his shoes , at the white petals crushed beneath them .
the children claimed they saw the flowers flying through the air .
they claimed they saw the flowers land in deirdre 's arms .
but in the days that followed it had bothered father mat - tingly , the question of those flowers .
had the children really stolen the flowers ?
' t was the selfsame invisible fiend did it , father , the devil himself , as brought those flowers flying through the air to deirdre in the yard a week ago . '
' i did n't tell the devil to go away when he brought the flowers .
i did n't know he 'd bring the flowers from the altar !
and against his better judgment , the priest found himself telling in a tentative voice the story of the little girl in the school yard and the mysterious flowers .
and he kept seeing the yard and the children and the flowers strewn all over the pavement .
the woman 's eyes closed so slowly they were like flowers closing .
ellie had wanted a headstone , flowers .
and because ellie had talked too of headstones and flowers , of being remembered by her adopted daughter , rowan had gone north that afternoon to keep that promise , and in the little hillside graveyard , she had met the englishman with the white hair .
and the two marble vases stuck to the front step were full of fresh - cut flowers .
and through the lace , he was able to make out a dingy flower pattern on the high corner of the wall .
she saw ellie dead , in the funeral home , surrounded by flowers ; but there was no coherence to this , no sweet bite of sadness .
but then she faded before my eyes , drawing away from me , like a flower closing up .
as we drew nearer , i saw that every window was open to the porches both above and below , and i could see the chandeliers and the fine furnishings , and other bits of color gleaming in the dark so distracted was i by all this , that with a start i beheld the lady of the house , come out to the garden gate to see me , and standing among the many flowers , waiting , her lemon - colored satin dress very like the soft blooms that surrounded her , her eyes fixing me harshly and perhaps coldly in her young and tender face so that she appeared , if you can see it , a tall and angry child .
it was noon perhaps before charlotte came to me , and when i saw the mulatto maids enter with her i knew that i had not created them out of my imagination , and only watched them in cold silence as they put fresh flowers about the room .
at times i fancied myself mad lear on the moors , putting the flowers in his hair , having become king of nothing but the wilderness .
they made up the ever increasing number of ' cousins ' who were a constant factor in mayfair life for the next one hundred years there are numerous published drawings of mane claudette 's plantation house and even several photographs in old books , now out of print it was large even for the period and , predating the ostentatious greek revival style , it was a simple colonial structure with plain rounded columns , a pitched roof , and galleries , much like the house in saint - domingue it was two rooms thick , with hallways bisecting it from north to south and east to west , and had a full lower floor , as well as a very high and spacious attic floor the plantation included two enormous gargonmeres where the male members of the family lived , including lestan in his later widowhood , and his four sons , all of whom went by the name of mayfair ( maurice always lived in the main house ) marie claudette was every bit as successful in louisiana as she and her ancestors had been in saint - dommgue once again , she cultivated sugar , but gave up the cultivation of coffee and tobacco she bought smaller plantations for each of lestan 's sons , and gave lavish gifts to their children and their children 's children from the first weeks of their arrival , the family was regarded with awe and suspicion mane claudette frightened people , and entered into a number of disputes in setting up business in louisiana , and was not above threatening anyone who stood in her path she bought up enormous numbers of slaves for her fields , and in the tradition of her ancestors , treated these slaves very well but she did not treat merchants very well , and drove more than one merchant off her property with a whip , insisting that he had tried to cheat her she was described by the local witnesses as ' formidable ' and ' unpleasant , ' though still a handsome woman and her personal slaves and free mixed - blood servants were greatly feared by the slaves she purchased in louisiana within a short time , she was heralded as a sorceress by the slaves on her land , it was said that she could not be deceived , and that she could give ' the evil eye , and that she had a demon whom she could send after anyone who crossed her brother lestan was more generally liked , and apparently fell in at once with the drinking and gambling planter class of the area henri mane landry , her husband , seems to have been a likable but passive individual who left absolutely everything to his wife he read botanical journals from europe and collected rare flowers from all over the south and designed and cultivated an enormous garden at riverbend he died in bed , in 1824 , after receiving the sacraments in 1799 marie claudette gave birth to the last of her children , marguerite , who later became the designee of the legacy , and who lived in marie claudette 's shadow until marie claudette 's death in .
marie claudette 's only son , pierre , was never allowed to marry either he ' fell in love ' twice , but both times gave in to his mother when she refused to grant permission for the wedding his second ' secret fiancee ' tried to take her own life when she was rejected by pierre after that he seldom went out , but was often seen in the company of his mother pierre was a doctor of sorts to the slaves , curing them with various potions and remedies he even studied medicine for a while with an old drunken doctor in new orleans but nothing much came of this he also enjoyed botany and spent much time working in the garden , and drawing pictures of flowers botanical sketches done by pierre are in existence today in the famous mayfair house on first street .
they make me think of the wild flowers that grow in the cracks of the pavement , just pushing up into the sun , no matter how many feet crush them down . '
the nuns found themselves seduced by stella they let her into the convent garden to cut flowers with them , or took her into the parlor after school to teach her embroidery , for which she had a knack .
antha was under the trees out there singing with him , tossing the flowers in the air , and he was making them float there .
the designee of the legacy was a wan - faced twelve - year - old girl who had already been expelled from school for'talking with her invisible friend , ' and making flowers fly through the air , or finding lost objects , and reading minds .
once more sister bridget marie , then in her sixties , saw the ' invisible friend ' in action in the st alphonsus school yard , finding things for little deirdre and making flowers fly through the air sacred heart , ursulmes , st joseph 's , our lady of the angels - they all expelled little deirdre within a couple of weeks for months at a time , the child stayed home neighbors saw her ' running wild ' in the garden , or climbing the big oak tree on the back of the lot .
a kindly caretaker volunteered the information that there were always fresh flowers in the stone vases before the face of the crypt , though no one ever saw the person who put them there .
he 's the one that puts those flowers there .
she did n't really want us to send flowers , did she ?
and rowan had said , ' i think it would be terrible if there were no flowers ... ' stainless steel cross , meaningless words , the man speaking them a total stranger .
they were bringing in more flowers now , little wire trees sprouting red and pink roses amid spikes of shivering fern .
she saw the flowers clustered about the raised lid , a whole jungle of flowers , and far to the right at the foot of the coffin a white - haired man she knew .
well , everyone can come to my place afterwards , i told you ... ' she kept her eyes down , on the silver handles , on the flowers , on the velvet kneeler right in front of her now .
sick from the heat and this motionless cool air with the scent of the flowers hanging around her like an invisible mist .
the mayfair crypt itself was enormous , and surrounded by flowers .
what was the scent of flowers in the air , so savage and deep , so unlike the florist scents that had surrounded her earlier ?
all right , that had been the sweet side , overwhelming as the perfume of this flower in the dark , all of them there opening their arms .
' ellie told me you could make the flowers wither .
the soft heavy smell of that flower came again , the one the old woman had called the night jasmine .
the clean swept brick sidewalks were deserted ; and the whole place seemed to belong to its flowers , its trees , and its houses .
' bacon and eggs , we called this little flower , ' he said , picking a sprig of it for her .
and see that flower , that 's impatiens , and look , that 's hollyhock - the big blue flowers growing by the porch , but we always called it althaea . '
and see that flower , that 's impatiens , and look , that 's hollyhock - the big blue flowers growing by the porch , but we always called it althaea . '
almost violent the fluorescent purple bracts that everyone thought were flowers .
' and it was all sunlight and flowers , and she was ... was all right . '
so nice ... something almost adorable about belle with her face so pretty in old age , like a flower pressed in a book , tinted still and fragrant .
she stopped , studying the beautiful drowsy blooms , all of them blood red , and rather like the florist - perfect flowers for the dead , she thought , as if they 'd been picked from those fancy sprays left in the cemetery .
probably gerald had put the flowers here , or pierce when he had seen to the mattresses .
he had hated it , hated its crumbling romantic beauty , and hated the great heap of withering flowers from deirdre 's funeral which still surrounded the crypt .
so why did he see the grave in his mind , with its twelve slots , and the doorway above , and the name mayfair inscribed in big letters , and the flowers withering in the suffocating heat ?
imagine , a flower changing like that iris , altering before her eyes , the cells actually multiplying and mutating ...
it was possible to see the flower beds as they had been laid out a century before - to see the little greek statues placed at the four corners of the yard .
but you know that flower is really remarkable .
it 's just a flower .
just a three - hundred - year - old demon with a mind of his own , who can make flowers fly through the air .
' but there 's probably a perfectly good explanation for how the flower got here . '
they loved the caribbean room , and the staff of the small elegant hotel ; they even loved the paneled elevator with the flowers painted on the ceiling , and the little coffee shop where they sometimes had breakfast .
and the mayfair women in their soft pastel dresses looked like flowers among the white - suited men , a few small toddlers romping on the grass , or sticking their tiny pink hands into the spray of the little fountain in the center of the lawn .
no more deformed flowers on her bedside table .
she smiled at mona , her little flower girl , lovely as always with the usual ribbon in her red hair .
meantime the caterers swept through the rooms , silently retrieving every last glass and napkin , righting pillows , and snuffing candles , and scattering the arrangements of flowers which had been grouped on the banquet tables , and wiping up the last spills .
but it was gone now , along with that body on the table with all the tiny organs inside like flowers .
even the flowers . '
' ah , yes , the flowers .
you could make the flowers open .
she could feel the moisture pumping between her legs , and her body was opening like a flower .
the flowers on the table concealed things .
' maybe the flowers watch us .
the arabs , too , placed flowers on his grave .
the place of resting animals and flowers .
listen : i know a bank where the wild thyme blows , where oxlips and the nodding violet grows ; quite over - canopied with luscious woodbine , with sweet musk - roses , and with eglantine : there sleeps titania sometime of the night , lull 'd in these flowers with dances and delight ; and there the snake throws her enamell 'd skin , weed wide enough i will finish ; listen : to wrap a fairy in .
do not make war on it but bring it flowers . ''
walk with me and we will see flowers .
it is now that flowers grow , and with me there is dancing also , and the sound of bells .
send some flowers .
dess took a drink of tea : a burst of acid combined with an unsettling hint of flowers .
i will kill the flowers in your home and the trees in your tiny fields .
when he reached ground level he found himself confronted by a large lobby , including a marble - topped table , very long , on which two ceramic vases of flowers - evidently iris - rested .
he saw no one , only a large chamber with pewlike rows of seats and , at the far end , a casket surrounded by flowers .
the mortuary smelled of dust and flowers , a sweet , stale mixture that repelled him .
' the flowers were my husband 's bailiwick .
i was doing my flowers , getting them ready for winter - ' ' marta , pleasev linda said , and jackie laid a hand on her arm .
her younger sister , meanwhile , had gone off to pick a few late flowers but came back empty - handed .
i think , ` ` those flowers have no business dying , '' and then i think , ` ` none of this has any business happening in the first place . '' '
the buildings along main street explode one after another , tossing their boards and goods and shingles and glass into the air like confetti on new year 's eve : the abandoned moviehouse , sanders hometown drug , burpee 's department store , the gas and grocery , the bookstore , the flower shop , the barber - shop .
the flowers stood out starkly against the town 's determined drabness .
` ` honestly , mab , '' siri said , twirling the flower , feeling her hair shade a little bit red .
austre made the flowers , right ?
` ` flowers ai n't evil , '' mab said , adding something that looked like grass to her concoction , ` ` assuming they 're left where austre put them .
` ` a flower does n't make me look more important . ''
` ` you really think walking through the city with a flower like that did n't draw attention to yourself ? ''
if there were a bit of color around , nobody would notice a flower . ''
` ` i ' m just saying that this is a bad time for a royal princess to be running around with flowers , standin ' out and inviting austre 's dislike . ''
` ` fine , then , '' she said , tossing her last flower into the stew - pot .
` ` i assume that was a vanavel flower ? ''
` ` you just like being close to the food , '' mab said , fishing siri 's flower out of the stew then tossing it aside .
she would n't speak with vivenna , or listen to the tutors , or be chided by mab , or ride the royal horses , or go looking for flowers in the wilderness , or work in the kitchens .
she wanted to play in the hills and pick flowers and tease her father .
the fabric was amazingly soft on her skin , the velvet smooth as petals from a highland flower .
for the fields and the children who took flowers from me .
protect a flower , destroy the pests who wanted to feed on it .
temporary flower beds .
she noticed lightsong as he approached , his moving biochroma successively making the flowers shine more vibrantly in the afternoon sunlight .
to the side , a group of gardeners removed the flowers .
` ` do n't be tedious , '' she said , smiling to some workers as they lined her path with vases of flowers .
austre had placed the flowers where he wanted them .
take work there , loading on the docks or harvesting flowers in the jungle plantations ?
he removed a handful of flower petals and began to let them fall before him .
stop the car at the next intersection and we 'll both get out and leave it , or go to a flower shop and buy flowers and throw them at other motorists . ''
stop the car at the next intersection and we 'll both get out and leave it , or go to a flower shop and buy flowers and throw them at other motorists . ''
between blinks , he glimpsed a flower element hovering within the oval - deep red against the room 's purple , with black veins woven through it , slowly it blossomed , closed , blossomed .
see the umbrella flower ? ''
smell that flower , the sea . ''
` ` to bring her some flowers and sweep off the leaves .
i just knew it was good for my heart and my cholesterol and for all the flowers and puppies and tiny children .
` ` the time between now and reaping you will use to meditate , and to gather your forces to produce the male child the mayor wants ... or mayhap just to ride along the drop and gather the last flowers of your maidenhood .
i 'd ask of you , susan , daughter of patrick - i 'd even bring you flowers to sweeten my chances - but it would do no good , i think . ''
for the first time that morning she registered the day 's bright beauty - gulls circling in the hazy air off to the west , high grasses all around her , and flowers in every shaded cranny : cornflowers and lupin and phlox and her favorites , the delicate blue silkflowers .
in his hands he held a large bouquet , mostly made up of the wild - flowers that grew out on the drop , but with a scattering of dusky wild roses , as well .
susan had watched sheemie come up the walk , his grin beaming out from behind his upheld freight of flowers , with a mixture of fascination and horror .
and do n't you come back here again , no matter who wants you to carry flowers for the young sai .
5 she had been sure the flowers were from will , and she was right .
` ` see my flowers , sai ? ''
` ` like when i brought you the flowers .
if aunt cord heard she had been passing the time of day with the boy who had brought her the flowers , there were apt to be questions .
he accepted love as a fact rather than a flower , and it rendered her genial contempt powerless over both of them .
7 late the next afternoon , while roland and his friends were at fives in the travellers ' rest ( cold beef sandwiches and gallons of white iced tea - not as good as that made by deputy dave 's wife , but not bad ) , sheemie came in from outside , where he had been watering his flowers .
he gave his sombrero a quick tug , turned , and hurried back to the safety of his flowers .
they made love in the willow grove , questions of honor put aside , promises broken without so much as a look back , and at the end of it susan discovered there was more than sweetness ; there was a kind of delirious clinching of the nerves that began in the part of her that had opened before him like a flower ; it began there and then filled her entire body .
` ` go back to yer flowers , and see that ye cover them well .
do n't ye linger , either , looking at flowers ! ''
nothing wrong with me , al - i ' m as happy as a dart at sunrise , a bee in a flower , a fish in the ocean . ''
` ` the women of the town 'll be lining the way from seafront with flowers , and filling the mausoleum , too .
she looked back at the thing which had fetched up in her dead flowers .
like a flower opening to the sun , she parted her lips .
no interest in the usual female type things like flowers and chocolates .
` ` what do you think , my flower ? ''
there were modern roses , exquisitely shaped , and older ones , open like camellias , there were trumpet flower vines , and morning glory , lantana , and the biggest bushes of blue plumbago that i 'd ever seen in my life .
it gave me special pleasure at capistrano that the layout of the mission was an ancient monastic design to be found in monasteries all over the world , and that thomas aquinas , my saintly hero when i was a boy , had probably spent many an hour roaming just such a square with its arches and its neatly laid out paths , and its inevitable flowers .
i did n't know where to find a grave on which i might lay flowers for any of them , and if i did , it would n't have been on his grave .
i felt an intense temptation to scrap this job , and sit at that table until my heart stopped racing , and to simply walk off , leaving the pot of flowers there for anyone who might care .
i moved towards him , and set the flowers in the center of the dining room table , ignoring the mess of breakfast dishes .
i breathed it in and some faint memory came back to me , of some quiet and lovely place where the scent of flowers had been the very air .
at the black table , among the tuscan potted flowers , a man had taken his place and appeared to be staring at us .
he stared at the drugstore prints of flowers in their ugly frames -- these foolish things he 'd bought -- ranged around the papered walls of the apartment .
the carpet had been woven for the room , an immense sea of dark flowers , banded in gold along the walls and their high polished baseboards .
` ` did you not bring her flowers ?
i wanted him to know that these two fine flowers of our love had bloomed safely and gave forth their beauty now in innocence and with protection .
just the usual families making their way among the beds of flowers .
i 'd expected her to be pretty because she 'd been pretty when she was a girl , but that had been the bud to this , the radiant flower , and i did n't want to do anything except stare at her , to drink in the woman she 'd become .
we were sitting among the potted fruit trees and the lavender geraniums and she was the fairest flower of the lot .
he stared past me into the mingled trees and flowers of the courtyard .
deep inside the courtyard , i could see the bright purple flowers i had sought to harvest .
` ` and what friend of ours from brazil sent us this unusual flower ?
` ` it was this one , vitale , who brought the flower to the house .
i pointed out the half - withered flowers already harboring the poison .
` ` he just could n't cut it ... '' then he would leave the flat with the offending plant , and return an hour or so later with a large , empty flower pot , which he would leave somewhere conspicuously around the flat .
we looked at her , and in that moment flowers grew , and silks and pennants tumbled from his fingertips .
she 'll come back to us with flowers , or with chocolates .
she was blond and tall and lean and dressed in a light - colored dress on which were printed flowers much duller than those in the field .
her eyes were bright , like the blue flowers in the field .
the rest of the time deel looked out at what had once been a plowed field and was now twenty - five acres of flowers with a few little trees beginning to grow , twisting up among the flowers .
the rest of the time deel looked out at what had once been a plowed field and was now twenty - five acres of flowers with a few little trees beginning to grow , twisting up among the flowers .
deel plowed a half - dozen acres of the flowers under , and the next day tom came out with a wagonload of cured chicken shit , and helped him shovel it across the broken ground .
fall flowers , like the ones she 'd had in her wedding bouquet .
one by one , sarah pulled out a remote - control robot , an art set to make flower fairies , a dress - up kit - treasures she 'd found in january or march or may and had known , in that instant , that her daughter would love .
jack picked up a stick and strode back and forth along the flower beds , lashing at the heads of the taller blossoms .
its flowers turned their heads toward him flirtatiously and opened their blossoms to his gaze .
urdang pushed himself through the crowd and opened the gate upon a long , lush flower garden .
` ` is it you , my desert flower ? ''
i scoured boxes of faded flower petals , crumpled ticket stubs , paged obsessively through old yearbooks .
` ` or send a bloody hallmark card and a bunch of f**king flowers . ''
chick asked us to stop sending flowers .
he saw anna sitting on the grass with azaleas all around her , bees in the flowers and zach laughing as he opened his hands to release a green moth that lit momentarily upon her head , then drifted into the sky .
but she had had the nurse put the flowers in a place of honor by her bed and , several times since , had asked fat charlie if he had heard anything about his father coming and visiting her before it was all over .
the memorial garden of rest did , in fact , look very much like a garden , but a very odd garden , in which all the flowers were artificial , and they grew from metal vases protruding from metal plaques set in the ground .
he ran through babyland , where multicolored windmills and sodden blue and pink teddy bears joined the artificial flowers on the florida turf .
the women wore dark dresses , and big black hats trimmed with black lace , like fabulous flowers .
` ` i ' m fat charlie nancy , '' he told the computer , but there were still places it did n't want him to go , so he said ` ` i ' m grahame coats , '' and it opened to him like a flower .
they did n't have earths of four different colors , but there was white sand from the beach behind the hotel and black dirt from the flower bed in front of it , red mud at the side of the hotel , multicolored sand in test tubes in the gift shop .
maybe flowers .
looking at her was like looking at a delicate flower , easily stomped on .
and they built huge fires on stone hearths , cooked vegetables , spoke a language , created cave art , buried their dead with flowers , and made advanced stone tools and pottery .
he set her down on a bed of flowers , no a floral comforter .
the knight carried her ashore and set her down in a bed of flowers , where the warm wind lulled her to sleep .
i reach both my hands out to let the stalk tops and wheat flowers tickle at my palms .
bloodies the flowers .
jungle flowers festooned stone rooftops and grew in planted yards .
clay flower pots began to rattle .
this woman was no wilting flower .
grasses and flowers sprouted between the cracks .
she was the chieftain 's nine - year - old niece , a smiling , happy child who had given him a bouquet of jungle flowers as a gift upon his arrival in the village a month ago .
the older man still looked stunned , but he was no wilting flower .
he smelled the sweet dampness of a flower he brushed against .
as the midday sun glared off the water he took a deep breath of the rich bayou air , heavy and humid , redolent with brackish water , yet sweetened by sedges and summer flowers .
breathless , winded , she drew in the musky headiness wafting from a tiny fromagerie and the fragrant displays of an open - air flower stand .
` ` at the base of my neck , you 'll see a room marked with a little flower . ''
fresh flowers sprouted from waterford crystal vases secured to seatside tables .
it smelled freshly of jasmine , her favorite flower and scent .
under the water , something brushed against her knee , something as soft as a flower , but with more weight .
piles of flowers from mourners littered the square 's edges , along with the discarded beer bottles of gawkers .
` ` if you want something lighter , try the courgette flowers stuffed with bread and boraggine .
gray even spotted old scars below the windows where flower boxes had once been bolted .
he landed hard in a flower bed , jamming a knee , but the soft loam cushioned his fall .
a pair of gardeners hoed the flower bed .
all the bones splayed outward , like some macabre flower .
painter replaced some wilting flowers with his roses .
their guide brought them out into the central garden , with its narrow paths framed by low bushes and angular flower beds .
rotorwash buffeted the enclosed space , flattening the flowers and shaking the bushes .
a long braid of gray hair still had bits of dried flowers , where someone had placed them with great and loving care .
the rounds burned into robert 's chest as he threw himself between the woman and the weapon , blocking her fully with his broad body , a wall before a flower .
in a few more steps , lisa recognized the flower and immediately suspected something was up .
we do n't go through a day without something happening in the belt that would make a daddy scared for his precious little flower . ''
not mary who worked in supply and raised flowers in her spare time .
she smelled like fake flowers and her fingers were skinny .
but so far , the only one who 's said anything interesting is a marine they brought in to be a flower arrangement .
the only things that looked lovingly tended in the room were the fresh flowers and the buddha shrine .
it was a strange sight , the hard curves and layers of combat plate peeling themselves back , blooming out like a flower and then falling apart , and the woman , eyes closed and mouth open , being revealed .
and say that a brain looking at something and thinking , ' that 's a flower ' punches a couple billion of those keys in just the right pattern .
it is n't just a flower , it 's a pile of associations .
smells , the way a stem feels in your fingers , the flower you gave your mom once , the flower you gave your girl .
smells , the way a stem feels in your fingers , the flower you gave your mom once , the flower you gave your girl .
a flower you stepped on by accident and it made you sad .
as the faces turned toward him , watching the convoy pass like flowers back on earth tracking the arc of the sun , he wondered what fred johnson would have thought of all this .
the thousand - plus gates of the slow zone , orbiting around them like alex 's dandelion seeds , seen from the center of the flower .
han waited a few seconds , then headed back toward the great black structure in the center of the park , pausing a few times on the way to admire perfectly unadmirable flowers and planters .
he was wearing a splash of cologne and held a fistful of flowers he 'd bought for half a credit from a vending machine on the fourth level .
the flowers scattered on the pristine corridor floor .
patches of grass and carefully tended flowers filled the spaces between gently curving walkways .
scarlet hark , sitting across from her , was a thousand times gaudier in a flowing gown of emerald and crimson , with her hair braided in an elaborate curve that made her seem like a human flower that had just bloomed .
the dry air smelled like dust and the tiny , night - blooming flower analogs .
my wife planted an herb garden , some flowers , a few hot pepper plants .
the flowers , or what she thought of as flowers , were churned into nothing .
the flowers , or what she thought of as flowers , were churned into nothing .
it was like watching a flower releasing seeds to the wind .
in almost every backyard , he saw a vibrant garden , bursting not only with flowers but vegetables and fruit .
five steps into the corridor , ethan knew which doorway opened into alyssa 's room by the bunches of fresh flowers scattered across the floor .
there were flowers and cards all around her door .
ben pointed at the centerpiece of the table - a crystal vase holding a bouquet of flowers that had long since succumbed to the interior cold .
smell the flowers while you can . ''
he took a deep breath and thought of his family , his fear for them blooming in his stomach like a flower of broken glass .
the flowers looked bigger -- tulips the size of coffee mugs , roses the size of soup bowls , and sunflowers larger than dinner plates .
one had flowers braided into her auburn hair ; the other had leafy vines twisted into her dark plaits .
no snow remained on the lush green lawn or in the vibrant flower beds .
squinting in the darkness , he rode through a flower bed and had to hit the brakes and turn to avoid a row of rosebushes .
you know , makes flowers bloom .
she had developed a new habit of pretending to take a nap outside near a birdbath or a flower bed and listening to the fairies gossip .
mendigo started after it and then halted , letting the ball drop to the grass and roll into a flower bed .
` ` no , right there , in the yard , coming through that flower bed ! ''
chapter sixteen refuge hugo tromped swiftly across the backyard , hauling the empty cart through hedges and over flower beds , finally backing it up against the deck .
a red fairy with wings like flower petals shot through the air .
funeral paraphernalia littered the room : nameless headstones , caskets lying horizontal or upended , easels with colorful wreaths of fake ' flowers .
why do n't you show us your favorite flower in the garden ?
favorite flower ?
a bright flower garden bloomed in front of the house .
a wilting arrangement of flowers rested on a low table in a white ceramic vase .
paths of white stones meandered among flower beds , hedgerows , vegetable gardens , fruit trees , and flowering plants .
all the fairies gleamed brilliantly , outshining the flowers of the garden like the sun outshines the moon .
he looked back at the jar , empty now except for a few wilting flower petals .
many have wasted their lives pursuing and consuming the petals of those bewitching flowers .
grandma slid off the stool , walked down an aisle , opened a trunk , and withdrew an ornate box embossed with vines and flowers .
a group of satyrs were playing tag with several slender maidens wearing flowers in their hair .
` ` repeating myself makes me eat the wrong flower . ''
you dance around in flower patches with a sketchpad , and you blush at the mere hint of something racy .
the colors of her reproductions grew more balanced , the pictures of flowers more vivid .
` ` i ' m not here to talk about ponies and flowers . ''
` ` and make flowers grow . ''
still , i knelt down beside her , then handed over a carton of half - grown flowers when she motioned toward them .
she continued planting flowers upon her son 's grave , hidden in the garden .
she looked at the ground before her , now planted with flowers and tomatoes .
sleeping in well past the sunrise , in a softly lit room where flowers grew outside the windowsill .
hide in an enormous bouquet of flowers ?
had no doubt invited every person from peony 's classes , every person from this apartment building , every distant relative who had barely known her , who had probably griped about having to send the expected sympathy card and flowers .
she had n't realized that her fingers were brushing against a painted flower until adri had spoken .
... the shadows of the abyss are like the petals of a monstrous flower that shall blossom within the skull and expand the mind beyond what any man can bear ... ` ` i think she interrupted the creator of the script on the wall , '' i said .
there shall be in the planting in the shadows a grace and a mercy that shall bloom dark flowers , and their teeth shall devour and sustain and herald the passing of an age ...
next to it , a blossoming flower of a building atop the squashed remains of the local grocery store .
an emaciated woman in a flower pattern dress let him in , checking first to make sure none of her neighbors on the ground floor saw her do it .
in the street , a tiny old woman in a faded flower dress .
in another day , he 'd be a f**king flower bed .
a flower shop and a bakery stood to either side , but the part of the building that had housed the gallery lay empty as if cursed .
} , absent - minded and remote from the pain , i was amused at how concerned doctors get about such things ; one would have thought a gardening convention had blossomed around the fertile flower bed of my body for all the quick consternation they displayed at this pinprick .
the scent of the flowers drove out the scent of death .
it was n't much of a flower , i 'll admit , but it was the best that i could do at the time .
and he took my crooked little flower and held it between his hands .
' and this flower shall be thy first lesson .
each time i came to my master with the flower that never wilted nor faded - how i grew to hate that flower !
each time i came to my master with the flower that never wilted nor faded - how i grew to hate that flower !
and , crushed , i 'd go back to my study of that silly little flower .
' i love the flower , master !
i still have that little flower somewhere , and although i ca n't put my hands on it immediately , i think of it often and with great affection .
a grave 's a place to visit and to decorate with flowers .
it was quite a large house , and it had wings to it that partially enclosed a well - tended flower garden with paved walks , neatly - trimmed hedges and manicured lawns .
the young men crowding the edge of the wharf with yearning eyes put me in mind of a flower garden planted by someone with absolutely no sense of taste .
i started out by making flowers .
creation is closely related to beauty , so that might explain it , although flowers are easy and making them is a logical place to begin .
i 'd wrap twigs with grass and then convert the object thus produced into a flower .
transmutation is n't really creation , though , so i eventually moved on to making flowers out of nothing but air .
it was n't quite as pretty as a flower , but i know it got father 's attention .
she kept her father 's cottage neat , however , and i noted that she even had flowers on the table .
i translocated my rainbow rosebush into a corner of the nearby flower bed and responded to the earl 's bow with a curtsey .
i will become thy niece , countess polina , the flower of an obscure branch of thy family .
dawn was in full flower when we beached our boat , re - saddled our horses , and rode on to the monastery .
' i could find deadly poisons growing in flower beds right here in vo mandor , if i really needed some .
curved wings extended out from either side of the main hall to embrace a formal garden with incipient hedges and unplanted flower - beds awaiting my attention .
they bickered with false smiles frozen in place on their faces about which of them was going to provide the flowers .
it was early in the evening of a fine spring day , and the windows of the auditorium where the faculty of the college of political science had gathered were open to admit the smell of flowers and grass and the faintly distracting sound of bird - song .
scarpa looked with some scorn at keska , who slumped in his saddle like a wilted flower , obviously near exhaustion .
' and if we set a flower just behind your right ear , it would really look very stunning . '
if the wicked ones meet with berit in the place sopal , he will not have the flower - gem with him to give to the wicked ones .
i could actually smell the flowers and the grass .
' i stopped to smell the flowers , ' sparhawk replied acidly .
the path from the city gate to the edge of the lake had been carefully cleared , and aphrael , who was not above cheating on occasion , had strewn it with flower petals .
it was thine own inattention that brought thee into such perilous proximity to the red of iron which congealed thee into thy present state , and it was ghwerig who lifted thee from the earth and contorted thee into this similitude of a flower with his cruel diamond implements . '
but as it came to pass , the child goddess had besought her sister that very morning that they two should go into the forest to gather wild flowers , and thus it was that they were not there when the elene serfs fell upon the village . '
' then came the birth of anakha , signaling that bhelliom itself would soon emerge from the place where it had lain hidden , and by signs and oracles and diverse other means did outcast styrics perceive his birth , and counseled they zalasta , instructing him to journey straightway to eosia to observe anakha throughout his childhood and youth that he might know him better , for it was the hope of zalasta that in the day that anakha did bring the flower - gem to light , might he wrest it from him and thereby gain the means to prevail over the child goddess .
you can hold her hand or give her flowers or kiss her into insensibility if you want , but leave the bhelliom right where it is .
a few kisses and a bouquet of flowers now and then and i ' m perfectly happy . '
they also wore colourful clothing and flowers in their hair .
once she had a swarm of fairies pollinating all the flowers in the palace garden . '
king androl and queen betuana moved with slow and stately pace along a broad , torchlit avenue toward the ageless trees and the flower - decked altar .
sparhawk remembered the swarm of fairies pollinating the flowers in the palace garden in cimmura .
' i might even send flowers .
formal gardens were spaced about the lawns - boxy hedges and beds of flowers lined by low , white walls .
there was so much concentrated power in the small grot that garion could not be sure exactly who created the first flower .
flowers in profusion covered the bier , and then cyradis stepped forward to lay the single white rose poledra had provided her upon the slumbering giant 's chest .
' all too soon , methinks , the flowers will wither and fade . '
she wears flowers instead , and the slavish imitation of the ladies of the court has caused universal despair in the hearts of the jewelers here in mal zeth .
now i have removed his likeness from the temple wall and i decorate the altar with flowers instead of the blood of sacrificial victims .
i doubt if he could focus enough of his will right now to wilt a flower . ''
` ` it came into being less than a score of years ago -some obscure flower , or so it seemeth to me . ''
` ` i examined that flower very closely some years back , cyradis , '' she said .
` ` i ' ve got a few of the flowers .
` ` what is the origin of this strange flower , lady polgara ? ''
` ` i want it surrounded by flowers . ''
the vines that had enveloped the narrow cot had been pulled aside , but the air in the room was still heavy with the fragrance of the small , lavender flowers .
she wore a loose- fitting robe , and there was a flower in her hair .
she reached up and took the flower from her hair and carefully laid it on the surface of the pool .
the flower liselle on the water had floated across the intervening and silk , his expression bemused , picked it up and smelled it .
` ` once i saw a cow accidentally sniff the flower that 's the main ingredient of the powder .
a half - dozen of the crimson tendrils hanging from one of the flower - decked branches had poked their way down into the animal 's rib cage and interwoven themselves into the mossy bones .
ce'nedra began to droop in her saddle like a wilted flower .
he took up a twig and wrapped some dry grass around it ; then he turned it into a flower right in front of my eyes . ''
when we rode back to the stronghold , i forgot the flower and left it behind on the sheltered side of a hill .
i like the fragrance of the flower , and it is mine in a sort of special way , so i sprinkle petals in the chests where i keep my clothes . ''
i guess she meant all the sneaking around so that they could be alone together in secluded places -and the love poems and the flowers and all those calf - eyed looks . ''
aboard those barges was a chorus of young tolnedran women who strewed flower petals on the broad surface of the nedrane and caroled a formal greeting to the imperial princess .
` ` maybe some cut flowers to sweeten the air . ''
the garland of flowers she had woven for herself earlier had come apart as a result of her swimming , and the individual blossoms floated on the water , bobbing in the ripples .
drawn by color or scent or some other , more mysterious urge , it wavered through the lucid air to the pool and the flowers bobbing there .
` ` we covered her with flowers , '' poppi said .
sparhawk tucked the flower gem inside his tunic and bent to pick up the spear of king aldreas .
he seized the sapphire rose in both hands , and then he gently touched the flower gem to ehlana 's breast .
then she wilted like a flower .
' were you to encase me in steel , i ' m sure i would wither like a flower . '
kurik , sephrenia and mirtai had arrived at the bridal chamber with the sun , kurik carrying sparhawk 's armour , sephrenia carrying flowers for the queen and mirtai carrying breakfast .
gathering wild flowers ? '
she led him with precise and delicate steps into the flower - kissed meadow , a meadow so sweet - smelling as to make the senses swoon .
sephrenia gasped and seemed almost to wilt like a flower before the first blast of winter .
there were no parades , no fanfares , no cheering throngs throwing flowers .
god 's great flower - garden needs a few weeds to offset the splendour of the roses .
' for you , little mother , ' he said , bowing slightly and offering the flowers to her , ' because i love you . '
the pink dolphins would sing her to sleep , and she might even have dreams of her own this time - dreams of a land of dhrall without a vlagh , and a land where her friends did not grow old and pass away , and where she could sing and write poetry , and where it was always spring and the flowers never wilted .
` ` i think they 're the most beautiful flowers i ' ve ever encountered in this world - or any others in this part of the universe .
it seems that poor old ox is one of those unfortunate people who start sneezing every time they see a flower , and during the sneezing season , ox ca n't smell anything - flowers , dead bodies , or anything else - because his nose is so stopped up that he has to breathe through his mouth .
it seems that poor old ox is one of those unfortunate people who start sneezing every time they see a flower , and during the sneezing season , ox ca n't smell anything - flowers , dead bodies , or anything else - because his nose is so stopped up that he has to breathe through his mouth .
' we could send flowers to the funerals , if you 'd like , though .
` ` they 're my flowers , '' adara replied in a vibrant voice .
` ` garion created this flower last winter just for me .
garion had never created a flower for her .
in spite of herself , still wanting to find something else wrong with the flower , she bent her face to the small , crooked blossom in her hand .
ariana had also dismounted , and she too was breathing in the gentle odor of the flowers , although there was a slight frown on her face .
` ` would n't it be wonderful if your flower turned out to be a great medicine , adara ?
we 'll take the flowers back to lady polgara at once . ''
it was unlike any flower that had ever existed .
the wedding guests , in silks , satins , and brightly colored brocades , seemed themselves almost like some flower garden as they twisted and strained to watch the entrance of the royal bridegroom .
in a ceremony garion thought just a trifle overdone , barak 's two little daughters preceded the bride , strewing her path with flowers .
it really was n't much of a flower .
` ` lt 's lovely , '' adara said , holding the little flower gently in her cupped hands and inhaling its fragrance .
` ` i 'd hoped - when i first heard that you were a sorcerer - and then when you made this flower , i thought you could do anything .
behind them , forgotten , lay the flower he had created .
the flower of tolnedra would never grieve because some clumsy scullery boy had chosen to love somebody else .
if you 're ready , turn the twig into a flower . ''
` ` it 's not a very good flower , is it ? ''
` ` and belgarion , '' garion 's ultimate grandmother said , ` ` the final flower of my love and riva 's . ''
they began bringing me fish - and flowers - as tokens of friendship , and i needed friends very badly at that time .
tupik , moving stealthily , crept back into the house , carrying a handful of dew - drenched swamp flowers .
she brought the flower to her little black nose and sniffed at it , looking affectionately at the expectant tupik .
part one -maragor chapter one her imperial highness , princess ce'nedra , jewel of the house of borune and the loveliest flower of the tolnedran empire , sat cross - legged on a sea chest in the oak - beamed cabin beneath the stern of captain greldik 's ship , nibbling thoughtfully on the end of a tendril of her coppery hair as she watched the lady polgara attend to the broken arm of belgarath the sorcerer .
` ` she 's like a flower that charms without knowing it . ''
` ` she is like a flower , is she not ? ''
` ` over there was a flower - filled garden where ladies in pale yellow dresses used to sit while young men sang to them from beyond the garden wall .
` ` my heart trembles at the sight of the flower of all womanhood , '' the queen declared .
the dryads were all clustered around mister wolf , looking almost like a garden of spring flowers - all , that is , except for the tawny one who 'd captured garion .
she had been caring for ce'nedra , who had drooped and wilted like a flower in the brutal climate of the river .
the park was hardly more than a mechanized bench beneath a large tree with a neat garden of flowers planted around it .
rubbing my side , i followed the small cluster of females out of the parlor and down a neat , clean corridor lined with paintings of pastoral scenes and flowers .
i had coveted a similar one in a certain shop off pall mall , but it had more of a cognoggin element with a mechanized butterfly pin with wings that beat elegantly and some tasteful , gear - ridden flowers .
flowers bloomed everywhere , filling the air with a sweet , floral scent and covering up the unpleasant stench of london .
one had the light scent of flowers , and the other smelled more like the harsh kind of cleanser they had at my school in the art room - the stuff we used to wash the paint off our hands .
before them lay a vast expanse of gardens - green grass and bushes and flowers and fountains and trees - all arranged in a maze of sorts that reminded him of something out of a fantasy novel .
they found a little alcove in an abandoned warehouse , where the smell of fish and salt and rotting meat mixed with the scent of flowers that covered the grounds nearby .
` ` i bring her flowers when i can , '' he said .
` ` lyanna was ... fond of flowers . ''
then to sansa she said , ` ` when we were crossing the neck , i counted thirty - six flowers i never saw before , and mycah showed me a lizard - lion . ''
huge flowers bloomed in the mud and floated on pools of stagnant water , but if you were stupid enough to leave the causeway to pluck them , there were quicksands waiting to suck you down , and snakes watching from the trees , and lizard - lions floating half - submerged in the water , like black logs with eyes and teeth .
one day she came back grinning her horsey grin , her hair all tangled and her clothes covered in mud , clutching a raggedy bunch of purple and green flowers for father .
sansa kept hoping he would tell arya to behave herself and act like the highborn lady she was supposed to be , but he never did , he only hugged her and thanked her for the flowers .
his hand left powder stains on ned 's sleeve , and he smelled as foul and sweet as flowers on a grave .
the knight of flowers bought all his armor here , tobho boasted , and many high lords , the ones who knew fine steel , and even lord renly , the king 's own brother .
` ` your cruel gods and the knight of flowers altogether did me in . ''
in the end it came down to four ; the hound and his monstrous brother gregor , jaime lannister the kingslayer , and ser loras tyrell , the youth they called the knight of flowers .
sansa took the flower timidly , struck dumb by his gallantry .
the knight of flowers , they call him .
when the knight of flowers made his entrance , a murmur ran through the crowd , and he heard sansa 's fervent whisper , ` ` oh , he 's so beautiful . ''
the knight of flowers saluted the king , rode to the far end of the list , and couched his lance , ready .
the knight of flowers reined up at the end of the lists .
the knight of flowers was shouting for his own sword as ser gregor knocked his squire aside and made a grab for the reins of his horse .
` ` there will be one final joust , between the hound and the knight of flowers . ''
` ` when my brother jaime was unhorsed by the knight of flowers , that was his story , no ? ''
the knight of flowers writes highgarden , urging his lord father to send his sister to court .
stone was a bastard 's name in the vale , as snow was in the north , and flowers in highgarden ; in each of the seven kingdoms , custom had fashioned a surname for children born with no names of their own .
when the echo of his words had died away , the knight of flowers seemed perplexed .
when the knight of flowers had spoken up , she 'd been sure she was about to see one of old nan 's stories come to life .
beric dondarrion was handsome enough , but he was awfully old , almost twenty - two ; the knight of flowers would have been much better .
and this one was jafer flowers . ''
squatting beside the dead man he had named jafer flowers , ser jaremy grasped his head by the scalp .
` ` well , they 're no pansy flowers , but ... m'lord has the truth of it .
` ` neither did flowers , '' he blurted , turning to stare at the dead man .
it was enough that she could walk in the yard , pick flowers in myrcella 's garden , and visit the sept to pray for her father .
sixteen she is , a little flower , and her honey 's only for me .
he 's bringing the hand your ghost tore off the end of jafer flowers 's wrist .
the other wight , the one - handed thing that had once been a ranger named jafer flowers , had also been destroyed , cut near to pieces by a dozen swords ... but not before it had slain ser jaremy rykker and four other men .
` ` my daughter commands us to ride for king 's landing at once , to defend the red keep against king renly and the knight of flowers . ''
` ` a pity you let the knight of flowers slip through your pretty fingers .
as well catelyn spied the fox - and - flowers of house florent , fossoway apples red and green , lord tarly 's striding huntsman , oak leaves for oakheart , cranes for crane , a cloud of black - and - orange butterflies for the mullendores .
she had never met ser loras tyrell , but even in the distant north one heard tales of the prowess of the young knight of flowers .
the blue knight let his broken shield drop to the ground to free his left arm , and then the knight of flowers was on him .
the knight of flowers raised his axe for the final blow .
the knight of flowers could not have reached his second name day when robert slew prince rhaegar on the trident .
trees and flowers bloomed on the terraced walls above the stalls , while below it seemed as if everything the gods had put into the world was for sale .
the knight of flowers knelt before the king .
` ` as othor did , and jafer flowers .
it 's said the knight of flowers went mad when he saw his king 's body , and slew three of renly 's guards in his wrath , among them emmon cuy and robar royce . ''
` ` the knight of flowers is the key there .
` ` i can scarcely expect the knight of flowers to treat with bronn or shagga , can i ?
` ` if that is so , why is the knight of flowers not among you ?
` ` storm 's end is fallen and stannis is coming with fire and steel and the gods alone know what dark powers , and the good folk do n't have jaime to protect them , nor robert nor renly nor rhaegar nor their precious knight of flowers .
' all i ask is a flower , ' bael answered , ' the fairest flower that blooms in the gardens o ' winterfell . '
' all i ask is a flower , ' bael answered , ' the fairest flower that blooms in the gardens o ' winterfell . '
` ` now as it happened the winter roses had only then come into bloom , and no flower is so rare nor precious .
they flew the red or green apples of house fossoway , the turtle of estermont , and the fox - and - flowers of florent , and their commander was ser guyard morrigen , a famous southron knight who men now called guyard the green .
` ` wagering on you when you tilted against the knight of flowers . ''
` ` is your red flower still blooming ? ''
ahead of tyrion was a knight whose surcoat showed a fox peering through a ring of flowers .
joffrey drew the knight of flowers to his feet and kissed him on his cheek .
destroy them all , queen whore and king worm , vile dwarf and whispering spider , the false flowers .
it was your father and lord tyrell , with the knight of flowers and lord littlefinger .
the green and yellow panes of the glass gardens were all in shards , the trees and fruits and flowers torn up or left exposed to die .
the people called out her name as she passed , held up their children for her blessing , and scattered flowers under the hooves of her horse .
when the appointed night arrived , another of the kingsguard came for her , a man as different from sandor clegane as ... well , as a flower from a dog .
you rode a white courser , and your armor was a hundred different kinds of flowers .
it was strange to see the knight of flowers all in white when before he had always been as colorful as a rainbow .
a thousand golden roses streaming in the wind , queen margaery 's shy smile and soft words , her brother the knight of flowers with the bloody linen around his temples .
` ` i tell you , these tyrells are only lannisters with flowers .
they even dumped in some stinky - sweet stuff that smelled like flowers .
` ` at storm 's end you wore red - gold armor , with inlaid lapis flowers on your breastplate . ''
sansa chose a sharp sweet fragrance with a hint of lemon in it under the smell of flowers .
perhaps she ought to have remained beside her husband , but she wanted to dance so badly ... and ser garlan was brother to margaery , to willas , to her knight of flowers .
in the dark , i am the knight of flowers . ''
` ` if i 'd offered to we d her to the knight of flowers , the tyrells might be ours instead of joffrey 's .
` ` in dorne of old before we married daeron , it was said that all flowers bow before the sun .
the fat flower thrust him into tourneys at too tender an age , just as he did with the other two .
if i could show her winterfell ... give her a flower from the glass gardens , feast her in the great hall , and show her the stone kings on their thrones .
anyhow , men should n't smell sweet like flowers . ''
` ` what 's wrong with flowers ? ''
others had called themselves after heroes or gods , and sometimes weapons , gems , and even flowers , which resulted in soldiers with some very peculiar names , to dany 's ears .
' jenny of oldstones , with the flowers in her hair . '
she had played at being jenny that day , had even wound flowers in her hair .
unfortunately the fiddlers and drummers and flutists up above were playing ` ` flowers of spring , '' which suited the words of ` ` the bear and the maiden fair '' as well as snails might suit a bowl of porridge .
on the road from yunkai , daario had brought her a flower or a sprig of some plant every evening when he made his report ... to help her learn the land , he said .
tyrion glanced at the knight of flowers , standing with the other kingsguard .
the knight of flowers shone so fine and pure in his white scales and silk that jaime felt a tattered and tawdry thing by contrast .
the fat flower of highgarden is quite convinced of your guilt , and determined to see you die .
new pages must be started for ser balon swann , ser osmund kettleblack , and the knight of flowers .
` ` and my brother ser garlan , '' said the knight of flowers .
ser balon swann was better suited to his cloak , and of course the knight of flowers was supposedly all a knight should be .
` ` no , '' the knight of flowers said , unamused .
ser osmund kettleblack laughed aloud and the knight of flowers smiled , but ser boros turned a deep beet red .
and then he was alone with the knight of flowers .
the knight of flowers had been so mad with grief for renly that he had cut down two of his own sworn brothers , but it had never occurred to jaime to do the same with the five who had failed joffrey .
lady olenna was not about to let joff harm her precious darling granddaughter , but unlike her son she also realized that under all his flowers and finery , ser loras is as hot - tempered as jaime lannister .
in the dark , i am the knight of flowers , he had said .
he took his own good time about it , though , or else the knight of flowers proved hard to find .
margaery looked very like her brother , the knight of flowers .
the knight of flowers was still half a boy , arrogant and vain , but he had it in him to be great , to perform deeds worthy of the white book .
the knight of flowers was in white silk , with a belt of golden roses about his waist and a jade rose fastening his cloak .
` ` aye , and it was the knight of flowers who carved up the rainbow guard .
he knew all their favorite songs : sad ones like ` ` the day they hanged black robin , '' ` ` the mermaid 's lament , '' and ` ` autumn of my day , '' rousing ones like ` ` iron lances '' and ` ` seven swords for seven sons , '' bawdy ones like ` ` milady 's supper , '' ` ` her little flower , '' and ` ` meggett was a merry maid , a merry maid was she . ''
then the knight of flowers mounted up and put the others all to shame .
he was turning pages with the stump of his sword hand when the knight of flowers entered , removed his cloak and swordbelt and hung them on a wall peg next to jaime 's .
red robert flowers ?
` ` flowers is a bastard name .
she reached him as the knight of flowers was helping him from his horse .
the knight of flowers had no recourse but to follow at her heels like the puppy he was .
the knight of flowers was no sort of man for any boy to emulate .
do not prate at me about how fierce the flower is .
two of her uncles fell before his lance , along with a dozen of her father 's finest jousters , the flower of the west .
instead he gave me robert , and maggy 's curse bloomed like some poisonous flower .
one of the women was very old , one was heavy with child , and one was a girl as fresh and pretty as a flower in spring .
the women all wore flowers in their hair .
and of course a knight of the kingsguard must accompany the little queen , and of course it is the knight of flowers .
` ` we have been picking autumn flowers in the kingswood , '' she told them .
` ` i have no time for riding through the woods and picking flowers , '' cersei said .
he would give half his teeth for the chance to try his axe against the kingslayer or the knight of flowers .
whatever became of giving women flowers ?
not our knight of flowers .
the knight of flowers put a hand upon his sister 's shoulder .
she was about to shout for ser osmund to defend her when the knight of flowers sank to one knee .
let sweet cersei carry our knight of flowers to dragonstone at once .
` ` ... brave , yes , but ... '' ` ` i have no doubt that our knight of flowers will be the first man to gain the battlements . ''
perhaps she would send loras tyrell to do the swatting , if the knight of flowers should somehow return alive from dragonstone .
the other whores said that the sailor 's wife visited the isle of the gods on the days when her flower was in bloom , and knew all the gods who lived there , even the ones that braavos had forgotten .
he did so admire our gallant knight of flowers . ''
she had wanted to scream at them that they were sheep , to tell them that all that they could ever hope to get from loras tyrell was a smile and a flower .
` ` redwyne had miners working to drive a tunnel underneath the castle walls , but that was too slow for the knight of flowers .
on the morrow , come with me to baelor 's sept , and we will light a hundred candles for our gallant knight of flowers . ''
cersei let him make his usual plea for men and arms to help him regain red flower vale , then said , ` ` his grace is fighting his own war , prince jalabhar .
the queen demanded , and the wretched wat named ser tallad the tall , lambert turnberry , jalabhar xho , the redwyne twins , osney kettleblack , hugh clifton , and the knight of flowers .
if i close my eyes i can pretend he is the knight of flowers .
they were laughing about something when jon came down the steps with iron emmett and dolorous edd , and behind them mully , horse , red jack crabb , rusty flowers , and owen the oaf .
he 'd glimpsed some ruins along the banks , piles of masonry overgrown by vines and moss and flowers , but no other signs of human habitation .
oh , and flowers for my hair .
` ` have they made you a captain , flowers ? ''
` ` it 's worse than that , you bugger , '' said franklyn flowers .
some of the sellsword captains bore bastard names , as flowers did : rivers , hill , stone .
franklyn flowers laughed .
` ` has the sun curdled your brains , flowers ?
then peake said , ` ` i would sooner die in westeros than on the demon road , '' and marq mandrake chuckled and responded , ` ` me , i 'd sooner live , win lands and some great castle , '' and franklyn flowers slapped his sword hilt and said , ` ` so long as i can kill some fossoways , i ' m for it . ''
franklyn flowers offered to take the prince around the camp and introduce him to some of what he called the lads .
he bathed thrice a day and wore flowers in his hair as if he were a maiden .
before he forged his chain , maester walys had been known as walys flowers .
` ` let hizdahr bring you flowers .
at last report the knight of flowers had been dying on dragonstone of wounds received whilst taking the castle .
a man should smell of sweat , not flowers .
the woods had been allowed to encroach on the field beyond the gatehouse , so franklyn flowers was able to use the brush for concealment and lead his men within twenty yards of the gates before emerging from the trees with the ram they 'd fashioned back at camp .
` ` no more messages , '' he told ser franklyn flowers in the yard .
jon connington presided from the griffin 's seat , sharing the high table with homeless harry strickland , black balaq , franklyn flowers , and the three young griffins they had taken captive .
nine of them assembled in the solar : connington and strickland , haldon halfmaester , black balaq , ser franklyn flowers , malo jayn , ser brendel byrne , dick cole , and lymond pease .
` ` the damned volantenes are so eager to be rid of us they are dumping us ashore on any bit of land they see , '' said franklyn flowers .
` ` i 'll send a rider , '' said franklyn flowers , ` ` but the lad wo n't much like the idea of staying safe , i tell you that .
` ` we ' ve been talking with strickland and flowers .
no flower had ever smelled so sweet .
hawks and eagles , dragons and griffins , suns and stags , wolves and wyverns , manticores , bulls , trees and flowers , harps , spears , crabs and krakens , red lions and golden lions and chequy lions , owls , lambs , maids and mermen , stallions , stars , buckets and buckles , flayed men and hanged men and burning men , axes , longswords , turtles , unicorns , bears , quills , spiders and snakes and scorpions , and a hundred other heraldic charges had adorned the shieldhall walls , blazoned in more colors than any rainbow ever dreamed of .
she had done well by their children , dreamed of having grandchildren , prayed seven times a day , loved needlework and flowers .
every segment of the quilt was embroidered with whimsical patterns of ivy and flowers , elaborate spiral curls and glowing starbursts , and though it seemed like it should have been chaotic and excessive , the consistency of the gold thread grounded the piece .
some of my clients like to get their favorite flower , or their initials ... '' levana glanced at the quilt of earth that hung on the wall .
she wondered if this child would grow up to be as spoiled and ignorant as her mother , who cared more about the flower arrangements than political policy .
eden drops the paper flower and jumps to his feet .
on the floor lies eden 's paper flower , its edges crisping from flames .
you kept lobbing water balloons at those poor flowers .
we stood there in front of the headstones with our white clothes and white flowers .
his voice is detached , crumpled like a dead flower .
the flowers are proof to myself that i ' m still alive .
she was alone in the beauty , surrounded by flowers , perfumed by a cloud of orange perfume .
several gardeners hurried to rake the wagon tracks and the hoofprints from the path , to clean away every clod of horse manure , and to vanish again , leaving potted flowers and trees in precise lines , carrying with them any wilted blooms .
` ` pure essence of flowers . ''
innocent paced between the beds of flower embroidery .
before her the tent glowed faintly ; across the garden , near the fountain of neptune , torches flickered as gardeners set out potted flowers in great drifts , keeping the gardens beautiful for his majesty .
she trudged up the green carpet , past the masses of dewy potted flowers , toward silent fountains .
potted flowers traced the verges of the pathways ; the blossoms of a thousand orange trees perfumed the air .
she refused flowers and jewels alike .
the queen used to embroider constantly - he treasured a handkerchief she had given him , though it was so covered with silk flowers that it was useless - for , in truth , the sweet sad foolish lady had no occupation , no place at her husband 's court .
gold and yellow flowers decorated every candle - stand and table , continuing the theme of the flowers in the gardens .
fountains played and whispered on every pool ; flowers in all shades of gold and yellow burst from silver pots along the edges of the pathways .
then the sea monster parted her double tail , exposing her female parts , opening the pink skin like a flower .
the children threw flowers into the water ; the sea people twisted the blossoms into their hair .
the sea people and the people of the land exchanged shells and flowers . ''
` ` that is all , '' marie - josephe said , leaving the sea people as they accepted flowers in the lost city of atlantis .
the audience screamed and cheered and threw their flowers to the ground before their king .
she had not seen lucien since the end of the banquet , which despite the lack of sea monster flesh had been a wonder , stretching past sunset , when the servants whisked away the flowers from the candle - stands and replaced them with candelabra , and beyond midnight , when the servants replaced the guttering candles and carried in another course .
the flower beds that line the path to the door of the house have all grown extraordinarily wild , much higher than the low stone dividing walls on either side .
she smells a little less like flowers but it 's okay .
the silence of the women starts to ease a little and the valley becomes a wilder place , flowers growing in the ditches and waxy squirrels chattering insults to each other and the sun shining clear and cool like nothing else was going on .
his voice reaches out to me suddenly , and before i am even aware of it- i am back with- -my one in particular in the shed where we live , locked in at night by our master from the clearing , the master whose lawn we keep tidy , her flowers blooming , her vegetables growing .
one day an apple , one day some flowers .
` ` you 're such a delicate flower , annie .
what happened next looked like one of those time - lapse films where you watch a flower grow .
it seemed to have a calming effect on him since he finished pinning the flowers on and wrapped his arms around me and mom .
beside it , a large flower base was placed containing a bunch of white icelandic dryas , the national flower of elf - land , and bunches of iceland poppies and tulips .
the lid of one of the huge wooden trunk lay open , and jack saw pieces of antique chinaware , silk and muslin clothes , some gold jewelry with precious stones , one jaded flower vase , some ancient elfish armor and several pieces of invaluable old paintings .
you know ; how all the glorious flowers were picking to be neatly pressed when we get back to school will all soon be gone .
she walked over to the flowers just along the bank .
stacy had really not expected that he would , not after lying to her mom , messing around with darius , and the worst part was that now stacy did nt even have enough money left to pay for the cheapest satin dress at the mallnot since darius had borrowed the money for the flowers .
-she would show faint photos of the flora that had imprinted on the shroud from flowers which had been placed on the shroud when it was interred .
these flowers were also from the middle east , flowers that bloomed in the spring of the year .
no flowers in a hanging basket .
she bought chrysanthemum pins during the same trip to alternate with the real flowers she almost always wears in her hair .
its immaculate , with summer flowers lining the walkways and hanging from baskets flanking the front door .
flowers , trees , and shrubbery are everywhere .
the scent of cinnamon , fresh cut flowers , and laundry detergent greeted me .
i extended my arm to grab the flowers , bringing them up to my nose to inhale their sweet scent .
i quickly arranged the flowers in it and set the vase on the counter , then turned to face him .
i followed devin as we climbed the hill , him stopping to pick flowers along the way .
an amused twinkle came into his eyes as he handed me the bunch of flowers he had picked .
i grabbed my bag and the flowers he had picked for me , smiled over at him , and jumped out .
when i arrived at home , i put my flowers in some water and ran up the stairs to take a bath .
i looked around at the various other headstones , many of which were covered with flower bouquets .
flowers why had nt i thought to bring flowers ?
it was filled with fragrant flowers , which devin started picking for me on the way up .
the sandy - furred pup named seilo came tumbling down the grassy tunnel and into palvas hollow , a twisted bundle of crimson flowers clasped in his jaws .
seilo did not say another word as palva took the flowers from him with a word of thanks ; he kept his wide blue pup - eyes fixed on tir .
two claws , curved and white as crescent moons , were flashing in and out amongst the flowers of blood in the water .
you ca nt produce a playfully puppy , or a fragranced flower , or a pot of your mamas red bean chili .
so , she gave ya knowpurposefully hico them thorny flowers to make him reject her for the apprenticeship program , last year .
mccamy told me that you ca nt produce a playful puppy , a smelly flower , or pot of , tulu lectures bravely to her big sister .
there are numerous photographs of dresses , shoes , and accessories like jewelry , hats , umbrellas , even tiaras , gloves , and flowers if you wish .
the west wall misses the set of cherry wooden wall panels , exposing a teens eyeballs , nose holes , and eardrums to the buildings roof tiles , bright warm sunshine , broken white concrete mortars , red clay bricks , an overgrowth of greenery wildflowers , sweet smelling vines of wild fruit plants and colorful garden flowers and sounds of insects and small rodents .
taffy ai nt touching the exposed and painted bite - nats upon the honeyberries which might accidentally transform her human body into a single one bell - shaped honeysuckle flower since bite - nats are dangerous morphing alive things as she giggles with a girly tone .
taffy executively decides against the placement of bite - nat art work inside her calf muscles since her jeans are designed to protect her long legs that tuck into her cowgirl boots as she holds steady the dead yellowish single leave over the top of honeysuckle flower then cautiously taps without touching the painted flower , stem , and hanging berries , capturing tiny splatters of lilac .
taffy executively decides against the placement of bite - nat art work inside her calf muscles since her jeans are designed to protect her long legs that tuck into her cowgirl boots as she holds steady the dead yellowish single leave over the top of honeysuckle flower then cautiously taps without touching the painted flower , stem , and hanging berries , capturing tiny splatters of lilac .
tulu loves the honeysuckle flowers and sucks down the sweet nectar as mccamy and her leave the dining table for their private time in the backyard of the house under the watchful eyeballs of tourann and thelee .
folks plant rose flowers under windows , at doors , and around dirt spots of their home to defend against pesky wandering critters like opossums and rabbits invading the fresh grown garden vegetables plants and fruit trees .
pemona drops the gourd of flowers , bowing at her waist and feeling dizzy in her head and throbbing upon her rear neck muscles and falls gracefully into the bed of soft and sweet honeysuckle leaves while doll spinning and lands flat on her back , viewing the scary t - rex mask .
wolf quickly trots to the cuddling love birds rusk and taffy while semi - conscious pemona lays on the bed of flowers as he pants heavy for oxygen and rudely finger points in directional west .
them pretty yellow flowers clogs my sinuses not brands , hoss , the ultimate purpose ?
baycliff neck snaps his skull to the flower garden , jabbing a dirty finger nail at the disorganized batches of pretty roses , shuffles his cowboy boots in a half - circle , moving closer to the rose garden as mccamy follows , hypostasizing .
i fixed mama a nice flower garden for her birthday surprise , not much money but likes of freedom and lots of hours between chores .
i close my eyelashes , flipping my cropped skull around in a completed circle , cracking my tense neck joints , and rest my eyeballs upon my dirty hands , dirty arms , dirty vest then view my dirty pants then look at my dirty muddy cowgirl boots that covers in black , navy , and orange bite - nats paint , grass stains , flower petals , and honeysuckles vines .
flower garden .
wolf slowly walks to the patch of pretty flowers , feeling the soft petals between his calloused finger pads , admiring the beautiful yellow flora as rochelle pads beside him , educating .
taffy swirls her body into the iron chair off the back porch near the flower and vegetable garden , rotating her neck muscles around the lovely landscaped grounds of fowler farms .
that means that we all have to fight to get them out of there.or wolf - man , fowler echoes inside the archway of the living room , moving into the flower garden as wolf swiftly stands and eye burns taffy then swings his body towards the archway , meeting with fowler as fowler greets .
rusk breaks from the duckling lineup , walking straight to pemona as identified by baycliff , admiring her new sexy outfit as she removes the satin black with white bird flowers venetian half - mask hold by a yellow rose bud post , smiling sweetly at rusk .
two atvs with drivers of baycliff and mccamy wait impatiently in front of the play ground area where locates the tire swings , and slide on the out skirts of wild flower fields , and horse pastures for the other vehicles as pemona and rusks atv zooms out of the garage , almost running over my foot .
no time , wolf - manfor flowers .
mccamy shoots both his fists at six - pack abs like two battering rams as rider # 4 who stumbles onto his back muscles then curls into a sleeping kitten in the puddle while rusk runs and downs rider # 5 against the flower beds near the front porch of thelees home .
the thin patches of black grass , tall dark purple weeds , and gray wild flowers growing on the ground is creepy , since the color dances funky in the harsh wind , when i compare to the rosy red roses , cherry pink tulips , and white dogwoods flowers lounging beautifully around my house .
the thin patches of black grass , tall dark purple weeds , and gray wild flowers growing on the ground is creepy , since the color dances funky in the harsh wind , when i compare to the rosy red roses , cherry pink tulips , and white dogwoods flowers lounging beautifully around my house .
the happy smiling citizens wave friendly with both hands or accurately toss hundreds of colorful wrapped hard candy bits along with batches of single cut fresh rainbow colored wild flowers onto the floor of our flying float inside the one - foot high picket fence of thick ruffles of chartreuse , surrounding the lower gate of the platform .
then , i gently levitate the weapons with a fury of invisible natural wind currents , gathered by my mighty telekinesis as the soaring daggers bounce off the plotted course of my cute eyebrows , then cut off the dry heads of the yellow knee - high flowers , snorting in my victory snot .
so , i wing it after passing the sixth row of tables and wave the flowers and smile prettily as baron chuckles at my impromptu action .
i admit that she is nt trained to dodge , leap , and jump over the shortest row of pretty purple picnic flowers in the royal garden .
i miss my farm of plants , flowers , bushes , trees , animals , and family members on earth .
i immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles , ripped strawberries , and fresh flower fragrances , walking down the yellow - colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses , daisies , lilies , marigolds , and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house .
the flowers are blooming early from the cool showers we have going this month .
then , nic returns to planting the new set of red tulips inside the dirt flower bed .
i quickly lead them out my back yard , through the dark woods , down the old hiking trail into the outskirts of weeds and flowers , towards the hospitals secret passage , then suddenly halt the moving party .
i motion my right hand forward for the workers to follow me as we pass the pretty newly implanted red and pink flower bed at the entrance of the old castle .
a vase of pink and yellow flowers sits next to her bed of the lovely comlen setting feeling both warm and cozy .
i flash past , mentally when i rode my horse named thunderfoot inside the open green fields on farm of 6,178 - acres of cotton , corn , and cows examining the weird - o gray flowers and black weeds along the ecosphere ... halt !
it covers with lots of dead veins , eight dry flower beds , and one battered , beaten , and weathered door .
the kings parade starts as the citizens wave with arms and finger pads , whistle off - key in high pitched musical notes , toss hundred of wrapped candy bits along with fresh cut flora flowers into the street , while trying to purposefully hit the decks of the colorful noble floats for their fun entertaining .
i stand back under the curvy archway of sweet - smelling colorful flora flowers , sneeringnawseeing .
i toss my skull up , looking at the ceiling , noting the damage from the last home invasion of burglaries then flip my face down the wall and studiously stare at the new tea set of green and purple ceramic pot of no flowers , sitting prettily in the corner wall .
i slowly pivot and smell the perfumed flowers then wobble my legs towards a set of double doors .
ira says as i sit comfortably in front of his working desk in the great big large office with a view of the restored pretty flower garden and big yellow sunshine .
i ski on booted feet on slick grass down the hill towards the valley of flowers .
i passionately hate the dress , the building , the guests , the timing , the nobles , and love bartholomew , but hate the blackmail of getting married , this way there are not any bridesmaids , flower girls , ring bearers , handmaidens , and ladies - in - waiting , noblettes , honor guards , gbots , mbots , pbots , hbots or other bots starting with a consonant from the language alphabet .
the dress , the crown , the gloves , the jewelry , the flowers and the shoes i sadly scan my private bedroom , noting that married wives usually live with their married husbands , after the married vows .
however , the pretty wedding altar nicely decorates in white flowers , consisting of roses , carnations , lilies , tulips , irises , and other perfumed flowers that i do nt care to research for their scientific names .
three sbots , the flower arch , and two planks of the stage burn from a single red beam has scorched on my exact wedding spot .
the rooms are 50 windows across which holds a private landing pad for convenience , fastness , and easy entry and access for the good or bad guest as i giggle with a girly twang while my eyeballs view the beautiful scenery of flower gardens around the castle all compliments of ranns brilliant creation as zbot hovers the zipper and deftly lands onto the pad as i step into my glorious new home for a few days tossing my bag onto the floor , plopping onto the comfy soft single bed .
i quietly sit in the wall corner like a wall flower reading a book , and avoiding tom and toms friends as nat waddles my way , reading his mini - bot , stops then eye burns me .
i play with the white flower using my fork prangs smoothing the icing as rann leans into my right earlobe , touching his soft lips to my right cheekbone and .
my house is in really bad shape with chipping paint on the chartreuse walls , broken white shudders outside the windows , falling white tiles from the rooftop and an overgrown yard of wild green plants , red bushes , and pretty red and pink wild flowers .
we slowly step out into the into bright pretty yellow sunshine which i will miss and sniff the sweet perfumed flowers gardens which i will miss more and the nice manicured lawn grass towards his personal slick sleek state - of - the - art zipper .
i eye burn outside the nicely dirty windows the roaming nasty midnight black and purplish blue stormy weather of a series of great big rain drops , a choir of harmonious loud thunder , and many pretty lighting bolts outside the bathroom window echoing along the dark green forests , light green flower fields , and a single beige building ( that s me ) as i feel the cold and dampness both inside my active mind and inactive body .
he winks his eyelid , right and pulls me into the pretty room as i see and smile beautifully at the pink paint on the queen - sized bed with the pink matching wooden chest , a round table , two side chairs , and a colorful covered flower garden brick patio and a private lavatory .
i sense with my big tele - ears the diversion inside the empty hallway as diversion # 2 climbs a side ladder and stumbles nosily into the four free - standing flower pots inside the private balcony slipping silently through the closed window and hides behind the pink curtains .
he chuckles as i see a hovering carrier ship that fits four citizens and eight pieces of luggage alongside the blooming rose flower pots .
i suddenly stop my upright body and re - position the re - breather precisely upon my entire face and re - start the oxygen air inside the mask as i snail - walk down the sloped pink and purple flower beds back into the dark green ocean .
then , the white lid drops to the floor as the hidden item is a bouquet of strong powerful fragranced wild roses that colors in purple and orange flowers freshly plucked from the rose gardens outside the royal castle .
i t - touch with telemetabolics to keep from green puke vomiting all over dirks silk robes since the deep flower stench was overwhelming to my natural physical five senses .
joy possesses delicate skin like a flower with her fair light pale complexion almost the color of snow .
we advance into the horticultural tent with pre - teen girls in hot pursue as i suddenly stop and eye burn dozens and dozens of beautiful and colorful flowers .
i love flowers .
i swoon with love desire and image our wedding with dozens of flowers everywhere .
we stroll elegantly the down sweet smelling flower aisle .
do you like flowers ?
he nosily places many , many currs upon the flower counter next to the agri robot .
abot concludes as girls quickly grab and fill their arms full of pretty flowers , green plants , and glittery trinkets then the swiftly exit the archway , giggling and dancing like kittens .
what s your favorite flower ?
i love the smell and beauty of the flowers then rann purchases thirteen baskets of pink shaded roses for me .
the manicured grass and pretty colored flower beds around the targeted complex fills my gray eyesight with pain as my zipper scanners reveal three full and loaded star ship freighters filled with various commodities and goods which is exactly the list on the secret spy mini - bot .
i move my curls side to side with no pain as i focus eye balls left , seeing a line of open windows of light and sky then eye balls forward towards the indigo wallpaper of yellow flowers then i shift eyeballs right to the door .
rann warns as i stop fighting then neck snap my curls to rann , viewing him standing safely between the colorful flowers and round green bushes .
i puzzle with curiosity as i march around the dark corner , seeing the bright overhead lights illuminate the floor , and view blade sitting comfortably upon a beaten rose flower designed beige sofa with his propped bare feet and toes in the air without the use of a foot stool .
drayton hatem becomes a billionaire teenager at the age of fifteen years old when his beautiful and precious mama passes into sweet heaven from her last and final fight with her flower vine growing cancer .
drake smiles excitedly then scoots the vase to his left and more into the middle of mellas place setting so she can enjoy the fresh cut flowers .
the west side of the room displays a set of french doors , opening into the bricked pink patio off the side of the kitchen while in front of mella , standing drake fusses over the small vase of pretty pink and yellow flowers in his right hand then finally selects the perfect spot on the breakfast nook housed in the southwester corner of the kitchen .
she scans her eyeballs from the ceiling to the tile flooring then finally rests her emerald green eyes upon the flower pots outside the french doors , studying the wildlife .
mom always provided a vase of fresh flowers which always were carnations on the table during breakfast .
there s a few in the flower beds throughout the patio garden.maybe later , today .
drake studiously stares into her mischievous innocent violet eyes for one second then swiftly locks and roughly plants his hot lips onto her softer flower petal lips as mella nervously tenses then slowly relaxes as drake sucks her lips tenderly , prying gently open her tight lips as their pink tongues entertain , play , and fight each other for1 second .
many of the buffed male team players have shucked their t - shirts off their hard bodies , exposing ripped and ripe muscular sinew in the hot warm air waves while they playfully imitate mr . universe positions on the flat bed of trailer at the by - passing citizens of homewood as excited female toss fresh cut flowers onto the float and children throw wrapped candy pieces .
drake confuses , extending his right hand for pretty bundle of garden flowers .
the female expresses , and i think the flower manager likes you , too .
i dash on sneakers across the wooden floor through the beautifully curved archway into the living room upon seeing mom , dad , and chase leisurely lounging on the recliner , long sofa , and matching the daisy flower - designed covered loveseat .
i step out onto the outside patio looking for answers to the wild sounds in the rear of house then see the six feet wooden fence parameter of one - acre landscape that curves around manicured green grass and sculptured colorful flowers straight ahead on the east ground .
edgar entwines both his arm and my arm like a flower vein around my chest as i feel his cool bicep on my heated skin then he leans his hard chest muscles into my tense back muscles , whispers softly .
did you touch a flower or tree branch while your new angel wings that were growing from your tiny nubs into your flurry feathers , dear ?
tina gasps nosily noting the new addition of tillys wardrobe which are financial contributions of mella and drake as she eye burns the silver long - sleeved tee with scoop neck and jeweled sequined patterns of flowers in the center along the leaf petals outlined in silver on tillys 36dd chest paired with the plain solid black denim skinny jeans on her long legs and a new pair of cowgirl boots covering her naked toes .
female teens prance towards their counterparts modeling and giggling in their new outfits as tina shows off in her pink turtleneck and aqua skinny jeans with golden tan kangaroo cowgirl boots walking beside is tilly wearing a silver long - sleeved tee with sequins of flowers paired with black skinny jeans inside 11 - inched of pink and black alligator cowgirl boots .
in the parking lot ... there s clay flower pots or clay bricks on the steps or clay dirt in the soil bed dallas rambles in baritone trombone twisting his skull side to side eyeballing the walls , ceilings , tiles , and other physical structures pondering the correct answer .
tina kneecaps beside bo touching tenderly with finger pads the etched outline of familiar flowers along the old worn concrete since flower shop is closed due to the sucky american economy .
tina kneecaps beside bo touching tenderly with finger pads the etched outline of familiar flowers along the old worn concrete since flower shop is closed due to the sucky american economy .
he even brought me flowers once .
she wears a faded yellow dress with flower patterns stitched into the hems .
the family photos still hang tidily on the walls , my mothers withering flowers droop in their pots and the remnants of that night are still visible on the carpet in the form of dried blood .
like a real vemreaux garden with flowers , or is it just a food garden like in the way ?
click on the titles to listen to the songs featured in the book : la follia by a. vivaldi waltz of the flowers by p.i .
we mostly draw flowers and castles .
dinah left his thoughts like a dim specter , and he smiled at the girl who did nt have an expensive dress or any jewelry ; whose only ornaments were the flowers in her hair , which gave a fabulous look to the nymph so dear to his heart .
the path that she had taken seemed strange to jack , as whenever ariadne went to the forest she carried her wicker basket to hold the leaves and flowers , but the girls hands were empty .
eric looked at her , thinking how beautiful she was : a flower among the flowersgentle , soft , caring ; fairer than all the garden roses around .
she did nt notice anything at first , but looking more precisely , she saw traces on the ground , stomped grass and flowers .
it was supposed that a girl could meet her soulmate during the festival of dnai by wearing such herbs and flowers to attract him and repel those whose intentions were not true .
looking back at the flowers , she saw only spilled blood , for sure , on the mottled bloomsthe dried - out spots of life left by others who had come here before them .
the inscriptions themselves formed the borders and underlines of charcoal drawingslean , lonesome faces ; mottled snowdrop flowers from the riverbanks ; pole - arms and spears laid out at the ready ; the death - masks of men , women , and children .
the teas scent was inviting , but that was the pointit smelled exactly like the flowers by the river , the ones with a scent that had almost drawn them into the kaylo trap .
being handed to a young woman in the concession stand i saw that sarah had chosen a pink stuffed teddy bear holding a flower between his fluffy arms .
my knowledge , limited to my exposure to conversation and fleeting sightings , i had been right in determining which species of flower she was seeking .
she wore what appeared to be three different colored tank tops at once , cut off shorts , a turquoise cowboy hat and flip flops with a bright yellow flower on top of her tanned toes .
i could string some flowers through it .
well , i do nt know about flowers , johnny was saying pretending to be stern , but i could hear the humor in his voice .
okay , but no frilly , fake flowers jenny , he said and they both laughed .
little white flowers hung in elaborately designed metal pots .
he chose a bright flower print that had been one of his mothers favorites and carefully worked it onto the wire hooks that were jammed into the gap between the beam and the floorboards above .
he targeted the bright yellow flower sitting on the lone stalk and flicked his orix into the air .
its a rare flower that i have nt seen in over a hundred years .
its probably the most rare and sought after flower known to exist .
sounds like a very unique flower , breslin admitted .
so once we find one of these flowers , then what do we do ?
find one of these flowers .
there were no exotic purple flowers anywhere in the area .
then we must find one of these flowers , breslin decided .
therefore were going to make it his problem to find one of these blasted flowers .
if i were to offer an educated guess , i would say that since nixies are water sprites , we should place the flower on the water .
athos reached for the wood chest , intent on throwing it and the flower out into the lake when breslin suddenly twisted to his right and blocked the outstretched hand .
we knew one flower remained , but had no idea where it was or how to bring it here .
what s so special about that flower ?
if we are caught outside the water for too long we become a flower .
about the flowers ?
sarahs eyes opened wide with excitement , as they always did , whenever he brought her flowers .
you dreamt about pink flowers ?
there were flowers there , although i did nt see any .
what were you dreaming about that involved flowers ?
i walked toward him , a super bright smile plastered across my face ; the same sort of smile i imagined merrin wore when she was picking flowers , or surfing , or whatever it is perfect california girls do in their free time .
eva had drafted a rose operated by a remote control that could spray incense into the air from the heart of the flower , giving the room a floral aroma .
with all of the flowers and shrubs surrounding the cabin , it seemed inviting .
you re like a delicate flower that needs to be handled with kid gloves .
dinner , flowers , and candy ?
kira took note of his dark washed jeans and how they completely opposed her own white tank top and flower covered skirt .
the scents are stronger , piney forest and earth , a flower ready to bloom .
a huge bouquet of red roses was cradled in his hand , and she wondered why they had given him flowers and not amber .
you want me to hold your flowers for you ?
no one had ever given her flowers before .
danni threw her arms around darren , almost whacking him in the face with the flowers .
told me before we left that he wanted to get flowers for danni , justin said .
i left the flowers in his dads car .
not because she worried that he d think she did nt care about the flowers but because she was afraid of him reading too much into the slip .
like the flowers , his face was a soft shade of red .
there are no trees or flowers to recommend this place . ''
i make a point to sniff flowers and amble without any sort of direction before i turn down a relatively deserted side street .
i wish they would nt pick the flowers .
she reached down and snatched up a flower slowly inhaling it .
i found kiowa bent down in a field of wild flowers dressing them in unicorn tears .
those flower fields have driven you insane .
the flower fields have done no such thing so do not go announcing reports like that to your father .
today , i watched her set loose a giant on an entire family of dryads just because she did not like the sight of their flower garden outside their home .
prepare her a healthy breakfast and grab some flowers from the garden .
i promised her that i would go down and pick out some of her favorite flowers .
a colorful red curtain hung in the windows as colorful flowers covered the front lawn .
he ignores the green of the massive leaves and the smells of the grass , bushes and flowers .
i move through the swaying flowers , running my fingers along the tops of their velvety petals .
but i watched him as he examined the landscape and the huge flowers that lined the trail .
i pulled my face up to the peephole to find eric fidgeting nervously , a bouquet of blue flowers in his sweaty palms .
i know blue is your favorite , eric said timidly , jutting out his hand with the flowers .
thanks , i said , taking the flowers to the kitchen .
i had no knowledge whatsoever of flowers , except that they needed water , but they really were quite lovely .
there were no headstones with dates and quotes for loved ones to place flowers on , or to visit on anniversaries and birthdays .
i asked , catching sight through the window of the same little girl who had given me the flower , which i realized i was still grasping in my hand .
she danced across the screen and bounded over puff balls and spinning flowers .
posters of flowers , kittens , and puppy dogs added color to the drab walls .
her rugged a frame house with a split rail fence was surrounded by thousands of flowers , shrubs and other flowering things .
bright flowers blanketed the inside in contrast to the black clothed sea of people .
they embraced one another , crying and throwing flowers on the box as it went by .
the ground covered in rows of grey stones with markings on them , the wooden box and flowers .
he let out a sigh as the girl walked down the sidewalk and sat on a bench surrounded by flowers .
she looked like a dying flower that he had to save .
she looked like a withering flower trying to survive the coolness of winda promise of winter .
walking up the sidewalk he noticed all the flowers surrounding it .
he wondered if lyssa liked flowers and actually recognized one that had one small bloom on it still struggling to bloom as if in protest to winter .
at least she was in the same category as flowers now .
she continued down the stairs and into her dads study where he was putting a flower book back in its proper categorized place on one of the many shelves .
i had this customer a few weeks ago buy a lot of flowers from me and even hired me to landscape them for her .
discussing the flowers ?
she was pale like a white flower drenched in moonlight .
the scenery changed around them and suddenly , eli found himself standing in front of zoey surrounded by flowers .
gavillet lives in west central illinois with her husband , two children , one dog , three cats , several ducks and two demanding guinea pigs where she drinks more tea than any sane person should and likes to play in the dirt planting flowers .
cars were lined up around the half circle driveway that surrounded a flower garden .
we simply stood there in the unison of sorrow and pain after each of us covered zach in the flowers that bloomed vividly on meropsiswords i do nt think could help heal the wounds we all suffered .
the rain had flattened all of the flowers covering him and even bled their vivid colors into his gauzy clothing .
some of the flowers had floated to the top and the stones we had placed around him burned in many different colors .
the gauzy shirt clung to his skin and melting flowers were tangled in his blonde hair .
zach , with wilted flowers still entangled in his hair smiled at me .
she kept her eyes on me as she took a sip , and suddenly , one of the flowers that looked wilted in her hair , came back to a full bloom .
you wo nt go far , especially with two delicate flowers and an invalid .
you should stand up straight so you look taller my flower , jaspers said to claire as bile rose in my throat .
i drew in a deep breath as claire picked a flower and twirled it between her fingers .
she tossed the flower to the ground and stood up .
our life here would be like this flower , he said looking at me from under his eyebrows , perfect , but alone .
i plucked the flower from my ear and looked at it .
am i that flower ?
i put the flower behind my ear again and smiled at him .
quil said it was eutopian tradition to give someone flowers when their hurt or sick to help them get better .
i glanced at the flower quickly then back at gabe .
i tilted my head up and gazed at the flower and then back at gabe knowing i really was home .
fresh flowers littered the room .
it was embroidered with flowers covering the entire dress .
all of the roses fell to the ground , and large sharp thorns returned in place of the flowers .
i pulled the crown out of my hairand the flowers which surrounded it .
i was mesmerized by several hummingbirds flitting around the garden dancing from one flower to the next .
startled from my reverie , i felt the soft petals of a flower against my face .
would i poison one as lovely as you , my flower ?
dragomir takes all that is good and wilts it like the flowers of summers long past .
fresh cut flowers surrounded pools of peaceful waters filled with exotic fish and plants .
in his hands he carried an amethyst candleholder bejeweled with gems , flower petals , and bits of coral .
i m sure you ve seen them in swamps disguised in a patch of lily flowers .
the ghost opened its mouth to say something , then whipped the flower from his lapel and floated away in a huff .
artfully she removed the flowers from marooks grasp .
she raised the flowers to her face and smelled them .
no birds or flowers .
he hands me the flowers , and i find an old choice cherry gold bottle to make a vase .
sidney came out of the house to fuss but forgot when she saw the flowers .
he embraced her and had eyes only for her as she celebrated the flowers .
every second animal was wearing a bright yellow sunhat , or holding a bunch of pink flowers .
she has a daffodil hair clip on the side , a result of her love for flowers .
though autumn now gives way to winter , the trees still hold color ; the few healthy leaves sway in the trees while the majority covers the flowers below .
i have a ticket for the gossip flower show .
i stare at the flower baskets hanging outside by the porch swing and take a sip from the mug .
well , it was clear he wanted to ask me what flowers i like .
so , he asked for your favorite flowers .
i swear ; favorite flowers are not part of a rsum .
he wraps his arms around my waist , and mine with the flowers circle his neck .
i turn , walking away , but zachary clutches my waist , tosses the flowers aside and brings me to his hold .
so , why does the knight bring me flowers ?
a boy can give a girl flowers at random , just like you kissed sean .
serena plowed over the traffic island and its heart - shaped patch of flowers .
heck , she might even buy him some flowers to put on top of it .
dread blossomed in janelles insides like a poisonous flower .
i could see a table with four chairs , a few planters filled with flowers , a pair of french doors that led into the house , a barbeque grill pressed against the wall , and several large rocks lining the patio .
i watched as he caught a stray flower hanging from its vine off a nearby branch and tucked it into my hair .
so it stands to reason all the houses of the town don a mud exterior with grass , flowers , and vines throughout .
he hands her a flower .
he put it inside a flower and stuffed it in his pocket and caressed it the whole time of his passing .
i walk around noticing the short outer wall that holds flowers in various areas .
ahead of me and to my right , flowers sit on a railing .
the flowers give me hope , i move up and hide there to hear better .
i see the furniture of a sitting room complete with a small rectangular table with a vase of flowers .
i look about and swear nothing was here , but now , i see flowers growing about .
you want to help me water the flowers ?
he must have been leaning over to water flowers .
there is nothing untoward watering flowers .
i release a long held breath as i watch him water three potted flowers that sit on a rock in front of him .
i take a cautious step forward to identify the flowers .
he has a mix of the most beautiful flowers .
i m now surrounded by flowers and the opening to the room has moved twice as far away .
while the vines force me deeper to the ground and possibly below it , i catch a glimpse of the flower near me .
i see the rest of the flower drift from arms to leaves and back again in continuous fashion .
well , he shrugs , donning a sympathetic look and changing back to his little boy persona , i like smart flowers too .
it is the girl flower from earlier .
scovan reminds me of the purple flowers that wilt under bright sunlight .
the terrain they were traveling through was becoming less flat , and the flowers in the meadows were being replaced with tall trees and thicker vegetation .
that afternoon , she was in the greenhouse with allestaine , picking flowers for the vases in various rooms .
the warrior growled , and tossed the flower onto the floor .
laxus rolled out of the way , and grabbed the flower .
you think you gon na beat me with a flower ?
laxus shook his head , and the flower changed to one of his swords .
an empty flower vase sat on its surface .
imposing structures lined the street with flower boxes hanging from stone - wrapped windows in their own water - bubble .
there were flowers of every color imaginable bordering the whole yard along the brick walls .
corpses of the once bright and beautiful flowers lay crushed against the ground all over the yard .
his navy blue shorts had splashes of black flowers all over them .
see the mountains kiss high heaven and the waves clasp on another ; no sister - flower will be forgiven if it disdained its brother ; and the sunlight clasps the earth and the moonbeams kiss the sea ; what is all this sweet work worth if thou kiss not me ?
he brought his hand out exposing a bouquet of lavender flowers , just like the plant in my room .
there goes my theory of flowers being able to break windows .
no one could say whether the flowers really looked that alien , though there was nothing remotely like them to be seen in the woods back home , but the insects were another matter .
7 after taking a cold , cleansing shower and finishing my luncha steak - umm sandwich with a side of fritos corn chipsi found richie waiting for me on the landing of his stoop , which is separated from mine by a couple of concrete flower pots and a stone lion painted white .
when i opened my front door , he was on his stoop all right and watering the ragusa family flowerpots , which were chock - full of marigolds , petunias , and a couple of other seasonal flowers that i recognize by sight but not genus .
some of the homeowners , like mrs . mazzilli , maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete , including a couple of impressive ones with herbs , fig trees , and vines loaded with berries , grapes , and string beans .
i expect to see cains blue - grey eyes there , but as i turn i find nico , holding a bouquet of flowers .
as i do my other senses take over , and i find the scent of flowers wafting towards me while dad starts to drive .
dad is first to step out , and i remain in the car until he grabs the flowers and knocks on the window lightly .
my fingers wrap tighter around the flowers , almost crushing them before i manage to set them down before moms name .
his father gazed tenderly at the pale , rose - coloured cover with a white silhouette of a flower printed on it .
devastation he placed a flower in her open palm , closing her fingers around it gently .
facing the window , miyako brought the flower to her nose .
i was never good with flowers .
i m not supposed to be good with flowers .
do you find it strange that in this world depriving itself of beauty , that flowers still bloom ?
it had to be a hundred degrees outside that day , but people were out there buying flowers and loading mulch to beautify their lawns , or because they had nothing else to do with their lives , i supposed .
usually , i would just point to the sign that said flowers and tell them to try over there .
the woman had now turned her attention to me , where i was standing behind her in the gazebo , holding the flowers down at my sides .
i mean , you ran all that way and even brought her flowers , and she just left you in the park without offering to give you a ride .
ill watch them leave their flowers , and me , behind i was a 19 year - old kid as i stood up on the porch and prepared myself to go home .
he began tearing out the petals of the flower , not wanting the other boy to guess what he had picked it for .
she laughed , thinking that she almost looked like a wild flower with her face the center and her hair the petals .
lilliet opened the bag and pulled out a small bouquet of flowers .
all the tapestries depicted similar generic picturesgardens , flowers , or open land .
it was a grassy area with small beds of flowers spread throughout .
darmik squatted down and picked a flower , twirling it between his fingers .
rema remembered what it felt like when he gave her the flower , when his hand briefly touched hers .
she set the flower down on the window ledge , next to something shiny .
a bubble - gum pink flower fell onto my arm .
it permeated the air , bringing with it a unique scentlike burning metal and flowers .
when we turned and began walking across the rocking ground , every step she took flowers sprouted up , blooming large blossoms , mesmerizing me .
she shook out the red and yellow flowers and carefully stuffed the scarf into the sleeve of her coat .
hey beyonce , the flowers on this bracelet remind me of your luscious red lips .
it goes straight up and down in a sky high vertical rectangle with the rain drops gleaming on the colorful flowers and green vines covering the beastie .
i enjoy viewing an invisible breeze gently blowing the green leaves around the tall brown trees and see many colored birds soaring in a clear blue sky , and pretend to feel a bright yellow sun warming the pretty pastel flowers and green plants inside the royal gardens .
i land the zipper on the far side of a destroyed city , near the river , away from the hidden base , in a lovely batch of green grass and pink and red wild flowers , and then jump , kitten - like from my seat .
the flower pots break .
i notice with eyeballs citizens have large pretty blue coolers with colorful food and cold sweaty beverages as they sit their asses inside chairs , in the grass , inside the dead flower beds , and along the concrete sidewalk .
puddles of dirty water , like a plantation creek feeding the cows , and many broken garden plants , like an ugly flower show , glisten beautifully across a dirty floor .
back home on planet earth , i live and grow up on a farm with land , trees , bushes , flowers , animals , equipment , crops , and friends .
ty cuddles and kisses joy on a right cheekbone ; joy possesses delicate skin like a flower with her fair light pale complexion almost the color of snow .
no flowers adore your home .
some fool is dressed as a silly clown with face paint of white , a red nose , and a big yellow floppy hat with a blue flower on the top .
remember , dirk will not be waiting with a bouquet of flowers for the final act of the play .
she sits like a watered flower pot in a muddy puddle of red dirt and clear water dripping wet droplets from hair roots to sneaker .
i enjoy laughing at the drunkard fools of the universe then t - zap a tele - shield around my chair and my petiteness from becoming squash like a flora flower from an overweigh brute , marking me a lavender spot on the floor .
there s usually a vase there , filled with whichever wilting flowers one of moms employers has decided are past their best .
the animals seemed to like the flowers and grasses that grew in the valley , and they were not afraid of people .
i wished i had a big beautiful bouquet of flowers to show how much she meant to me .
a spell to make a flower bloom in an instant .
from the raised stones peeking behind the garden flowers , this was a cemetery , not a park .
too soon , michael set me down on the grass carefully , like a flower that might break .
i ignored the reactions of the others and absorbed my fathers approving gaze like a flower absorbs the rays of the sun .
he was also wearing a ridiculous bright pink bathing suit with flower print .
her eyes that were between a blue and a purple reminded me of my mothers favorite flower , the hyacinth , and i suddenly understood her liking for it .
i would send her a warning in a bouquet of flowers .
half an hour later , i was in the middle of the city flower market that had vendors selling different assortments of stems .
the language of flowers was a way to send a hidden message , for every flower had a meaning .
the language of flowers was a way to send a hidden message , for every flower had a meaning .
i was determined to weave a message that , if guinevere understood the hidden meanings of flowers , would put dread in her heart .
plucking stems from the flower carts ; i mentally examined each one .
after paying for the flowers , i walked home .
mariah went to fetch the iron and something else that i required while i went to work arranging the flowers so the message would be clear .
when mariah brought me the iron , i wrapped the flowers around it .
it was decorated with flower paper , embroidered bed covering , and two vases of roses all in shades of yellow and pink .
it was bare , since the flowers had all been killed by the numerous frosts , but neither of us was there for the splendor of the garden .
they were the most vibrant , beautiful flowers i had ever seen .
alexs condo had large vases of fresh flowers everywhere that looked like the ones he gave me tonight .
dozens and dozens of flowers lined the huge bedroom .
he had another bouquet of flowers and was wearing another new pair of jeans with a dark blue shirt that was tight around his biceps .
i m not the poetry and flowers guy but i would be if that is what you wanted .
if you want me to buy you flowers every day , i will .
what type of flowers do you want ?
he lifted my hand to kiss it and then easily slipped a diamond bracelet with flower charms hanging from it onto my wrist .
alex i ca nt these flowers will last forever .
it was dimly lit and had candles and fresh flowers in the middle of each table .
he laid it flat in the palm of his hand and rubbed his fingers slowly over each of the diamond flowers ; his flower pendant hung just below the collar of his shirt .
he laid it flat in the palm of his hand and rubbed his fingers slowly over each of the diamond flowers ; his flower pendant hung just below the collar of his shirt .
she held up her palm showing her perfectly detailed flower .
i moved my pinky finger enough to touch one of the flowers on it and begged him with my eyes to keep me from harm .
there was the drone of a bumblebee as it moved amongst flowers in the far corner of the yard , but other than that sound the area was silent .
ysabel brown aged 16 loving daughter and sister sarah knelt before the stone , laying the flowers before it in a blanket .
overnight , the room had been turned into a garden of flower and decoration .
she smells like lilacs , maybe ; some kind of flower , anyway .
they tore through the shops and stores , still open late selling champagne and flowers and confetti and horn blowers to all the last minute shoppers .
why do nt we all just toast these flowers instead ?
how do you know so much about flowers ?
after he finished picking the flowers , tristan pulled the petals off very carefully .
these dead received no funeral , no prayers , and no flowers .
along the edge of the pond , she spotted the most beautiful violet flowers shed ever seen , and had to fight the urge to go pick one .
tanner reached down and plucked one of the pretty purple flowers shed spotted by the pond and handed it to her .
addy opened all of the windows in the place , and soon the stuffy air from her being gone for the past two weeks was replaced with the sweet smell of the flowers blooming in the garden .
i might like to take flowers sometime or whatever .
yeah , but i did nt know if i should speak up , he said , plucking a pink flower from a bush and handing it to her .
its ok . she stopped walking to put the flower he d given her in her hair .
he reached over and straightened the flower .
addy felt her flower slipping and she reached up to reposition it .
creeping closer , she could smell fresh air and the sweet scent of flowers .
he pulls out a gorgeous bouquet of pink lotus flowers from behind his back .
now i feel like a certifiable ass for making him feel so bad he felt the need to bring me flowers .
actually , i do nt think a guy has ever given me flowers before .
before i can say anything else , he pulls a flower from the bouquet and slides it behind my ear , then leans in to lay a tender kiss upon my lips .
the smell of exotic flowers and potent perfumes .
my grandma always had a big flower bed under her front windows every spring , karla said , finishing off her breakfast .
i guess it sort of resembles a flower .
one of the flowers had a handful of yellow petals strewn about its ruined remains .
i went into her office and she wore bright yellow boots and huge yellow flower earrings but she looked serious as a heart attack .
i started cleaning the dining area and changing table cloths while falcon and maddox placed flowers and candles and silverware .
on the way to the restaurant i passed the flower shop where she found the perfect silver roses for our wedding .
i pinpointed where our flowers and happiness path turned hopeless and met its end .
chained up at the ends of each pew where normally flowers would be , were babies with bows around their necks .
the painting was of a woman in a beautiful dress lying in a stream on her back with flowers all around her .
you ll find a variety of wildlife throughout the valley , including the island fox , the island scrub jay , the pacific tree frog , the bald eagle , the island deer mouse , and several plant species , such as morning glory , monkey flower , and buckwheat .
he fell down into a pushup in the grass and flowers as daphne took off down the hill .
a swarm of butterflies rushed from the flowers as she marched past .
how she wished she could lie down on the purple blanket of flowers and go to sleep .
but my hair smelled like a pool of rosewater , and my body soaked in the lotion of some gorgeous flowers .
did you bring the flowers here earlier ?
and a little girl , no more than five years old , kneeling by the grave to replace wilted flowers with a fresh bouquet .
apart from the woods behind us and an occasional tree every few hundred feet , nothing but grass and flowers spread as far as the eye could see .
i sniffed when he tickled my nose with the flower .
its thin claws stretched wide before they curled around julians finger , slowly , like a flower withdrawing its blossom after dark .
i took the flower and kissed her cheek .
when the stone dropped to the ground , i placed maries flower in the copper vessel with the bunch of white roses .
i arranged the flowers in the vase , brushed the curve of the stone and said a silent goodbye to my mother .
instantly , a white rose blossomed from the ground : her favorite flower .
they showered her with flowers of the meadow and jewels of the sea .
every inch of the ground was covered in bonny flowers ; there was every flower present that kiethara had ever seen .
one , lonely tree stood bravely in the ocean of flowers , tucked neatly into the northeastern corner .
so she embellished a simple clearing of grass with every flower she could think of .
yes , and i believe her favorite flower was a rose .
even before this detail had been illuminated , she had always considered the white rose to be her favorite flower .
i need you to imagine a flower .
although she hated to do it , she gave the flower a small tug .
it scared her how delicate this flower was turning out to be ; she was afraid another movement would shatter the thing more thoroughly than smashing hardened clay against a rock .
how you grew that flower so fast was truly amazing .
a yellow tulip slowly bloomed in a twist , much slower than kiethara grew her flowers and less vibrant , for one or two of the petals drooped .
she had never seen anyone one else use magic like this before and , as durga used the rest of the water and the stem of her flower , kiethara could nt help but feeling a bit incredulous .
it stretched from horizon to horizon , only spotted occasionally by a random wild flower .
each was well kept , with curling vines traveling up the sides of the stone and potted flowers on the outside sill , underneath the clear , open windows .
one thing that attracted her eye right away was the floral ; she could smell the scent of flowers in the air .
these tents have flowers , yes .
they walked into the entrance of the tent to find long , wooden tables placed throughout , with potted plants and trimmed flowers bulked onto their surfaces .
she walked along the tables lining the area inside the tent , naming each flower she walked by as she stroked their petals .
these flowers here were pretty , but nothing compared to the luscious blooms she was used to .
happy , and the flowers begin to bloom at their feet .
on it were scribbles of stars , flowers , cartoon characters she liked , and few other miscellaneous things .
i traced the little flower with my right index finger .
the strapless bodice had unique draping and texture to it that made one think of a flower .
maybe some flowers for their hair .
aspen said something about pearls for our jewelry and flowers for our hair , i offered up the little information i did have .
you told me that a thorns job a thorns job is to protect the flower .
lets go , flower .
inside was a little gold ring with a flower in the middle .
i was intrigued by the fact that a little flower ring visibly disturbed aspen .
i love your dresses , the flowers , your shoes .
she tells me a story about when she was a little girl , how much she loved to pick flowers , and then she talks about the beach again .
i twirled my new / old flower ring around my finger , trying to remember anything else from the dream .
the flower reminds me of your citizen brand though .
did i ever tell you how much i loved to pick flowers when i was your age ?
no , but picking flowers is fun .
it was n't like she expected him to bring her flowers or anything .
he and his teammates all held flowers .
logan had sent a card explaining that he knew dad hated flowers but loved mexican food accompanying a bouquet of cilantro , which brought a smile to my face despite the lump in my throat .
tristan said , taking the ruins of the flower from my hand .
i do nt know why , but even though i knew the flower was only going to die , when abby asked me to do this for her as a favor , i gave in .
i m sure she will understand , and you know we can always send flowers , if someone actually does commit suicide , right ?
a garden had once been located in this area and had housed some of the most beautiful flowers in the world .
despite seeing so much death the garden had been brought back to life and flowers grew around the giant tombstones that marked the dead .
they line up to hand the flowers to me , my hands growing heavier from the weight of the flowers .
they line up to hand the flowers to me , my hands growing heavier from the weight of the flowers .
in his hands , he holds two bouquets of flowers , one for memore damned red rosesand one for my auntpink lilies , my favorite flower .
in his hands , he holds two bouquets of flowers , one for memore damned red rosesand one for my auntpink lilies , my favorite flower .
she takes the flowers from my hands and thrusts both bouquets at zephyr , slapping him in the face with the wrapping .
we hang up and i change into my own comfy clothes ; oversized black sweatpants with flowers running up the sides , a bright pink camisole , and my bright green abercrombie & fitch zip up hoodie .
he remembered my favorite flower .
on the top of her bed is a pale blue comforter with hand - sewn flowers dotted throughout , something she made with her mother , my grandmother , when she was around my age .
the plate of muffins sits on the island next to a bowl of flowers , and i sneak two before grammy can see , passing one to grandpa , who winks at me .
in my hand is a bouquet of flowers i picked out for my moms grave .
the bitchi might beat this woman with the flowers in my hand .
this josie , i ask , my hand gripping the flowers so tight , i can feel the stems snapping in my palm .
grammy walks over to my mothers grave and places the bouquet on her headstone ; covering the flower carved next to her .
i follow grammys lead and set the flowers in my hand , that now have broken stems , on noahs grave , covering the teddy bear carved by his name .
he is sitting awkwardly next to me , looking down at me as if i am some fragile thing , a wilting flower he needs to protect .
( dale 's father owns a flower shop there . )
the bleach made a big flower design on them , which is n't what i wanted , but what the hell , it looks cool .
she has a real nice embroidered ribbon stitched down the side seams and some patches and flowers along the pockets and the bottom .
now , you are mine , little flower , and i can not wait to taste your sweet nectar .
one thing , little flower .
have you ever heard of the ptellon flower ?
we crouched behind a shed and surveyed the broad expanse of lawn dotted with large trees and carefully tended flower gardens .
hello , little flower .
and with it came the smell of flowers .
he was unable to treat itzy as anything other than a delicate flower on the verge of being crushed , and it grew stifling .
the weight of the structure knocked the bear backward , leaving it lying dazed on itzys pillow , patterned in flowers .
everything about it smacked of melody - the deep pink curtains on the bedroom window , the matching duvet , the stuffed elephant on her side of the bed ; the salt and pepper shakers in the kitchen in the shapes of cartoon characters that were nostalgic of a childhood he had never shared ; the flower - patterned sofa in the lounge ; the plant pots in the window - none of it was him .
change your clothes , plant some flowers , bring a friend ; the alternate journey undiscovered begs another turn .
she simply followed him out of the business section and into the thinner streets , where the air was thick with the scents of flowers and bread .
her eyes ran across something newa flower colored an exotic blue .
the flowers petals were darker than the walls in her bedroom and faded to a shade lighter than kais at the base .
fernando filled vases with fresh wild flowers .
the house she lived in with her adopted family , the wellworths , was a beautiful country - style house with hardwood floors and large windows framed by flower print curtains .
i could nt imagine her next to a cow or in a field of flowers .
there would be no headstone with an elegant quote , no quietly sobbing people in black hats , no flowers and no yearly visits from my grief - stricken friends coming to lay memorial bottles of nail polish and rolls of sushi on my grave .
ronnie yelped when she walked into her room and found andi sitting on her bed waiting for her , looking perfectly at home amidst the light yellow walls , flowers on the desk and frilly white eyelet comforter perfectly spread across her bed .
it was n't exactly hidden by the couple of twigs and flowers on the roof .
that was when methton was a nice neighborhood called the flower estates .
one day he brought me flowers , another day a dress he had seen in his lunch hour , another day some lingerie .
the perfectly manicured lawn and flower beds had welcomed us as we opened our new gate .
i became drunk on passion and april 's house looked like a flower shop , with the amount i bought in aldi for her .
no flowers please , but donations for tom 's favourite charity , mencap , will be gratefully received .
red roses , pink gardenias , yellow daisies , pink tulips , and others i could nt name .. one of those flowers stood out from all the others , seeming to call to me .
i closed his door behind me and went to put the flower in a safe place .
i tuned out of the conversation , settling into the place and enjoying the smell of fresh flowers and peppermints as i waited .
he s picking up the yucky weeds , i explained , so they do nt make all the nice flowers i stopped myself before the word die fell out of my mouth .
blod said triumphantly , bampi , you ll have to take me out today to see about flowers .
we were talking about simple things , nice distracting things like how pretty ness would look as a flower girl and how we could put some flowers over my crutches to make them look less hideous in the photographs , when suddenly blod fell silent .
we were talking about simple things , nice distracting things like how pretty ness would look as a flower girl and how we could put some flowers over my crutches to make them look less hideous in the photographs , when suddenly blod fell silent .
she picked up ness ; already half adorned with her flower girl outfit , and swung her around the kitchen until the paper roses that had been tacked to her skirt came flying off in all directions , covering us all in pink petals .
eventually it was the turn of the bridesmaid , flower girl and page boy , which saw ness , leigh and i trying to pose with my clonking crutches in the way .
i asked impatiently , shaking it again , its flowers or something .
` ` johnny , normally i would n't tell you this , '' the principal said , steepling his fingers on the desk beside a plastic pencil sharpener and a vase with a tuft of plastic flowers sticking out , ` ` but your father 's in a situation .
that is to say that , as confusing as humps have always been to those who refuse to understand them , including even the waving blue flowers of the field , if one were to arrange a rendezvous with a fellow hump at the hump , both would , in no uncertain terms , indeed meet up at the hump ... . or something to that affect .
when they had finally approached the last of the trees and squeezed through to be free of the forest , a resounding groan of disappointment echoed out into the night , and a field of sleepy blue flowers peacefully engulfed their battered bodies .
now , as they ate some breakfast and sat beside the bubbling stream on the east edge , the blue flowers of the field all appeared to be staring at them and smiling .
it was then that he took a step back , suddenly understanding the predicament that was about to engulf them all , quickly realising that if the blue flowers song got a hold of them it would nt let go until they were all curled up on the ground in the foetal position and spent till exhaustion .
get cetra , briar yelled commandingly , we have to get her away from the flowers .
he s fought off monsters and humps , been engulfed by flowers and trees , he s endured rain and lightening , and he has had one of his friends turn their back on him .
my parents called me daisy , because daisies were my moms favorite flower .
there was a table with fresh cut flowers , probably from grams garden , assumed savannah .
he was staring do intently , he remained oblivious to the cessation signal and it was only when two class 3 attendants had physically grabbed each arm that his concentration was taken off the blooming flower .
the room was neat and tidy , and a vase of fresh - cut flowers filled the room with a delicate fragrance .
i spent most of the morning with mum talking to a wedding planner about booking the canary bay local church , which mum had suggested the wedding should take place , and visiting a florist to pick what flowers we wanted .
again , she took control of everything , picking out what flowers we should have since i had no clue about them .
to me it was such an ugly flower and colour .
the moon muted the colors of the flowers that surrounded us and i wondered what they would look like in the sunlight .
mum was talking to faith about the humungous flowers in the front yard when i felt someone enter the kitchen .
trapped in the corner at a table she sat like a wilted flower .
i have no idea what kind of flowers they are .
i feel like i should know , but its not like i frequently get flowers from guys .
what am i supposed to do with the flowers ?
she stepped closer , studying the flower closest to her , trying to discern what was so enthralling about this particular bush .
she sat down in the shade , eyes still on the flowers .
when she was deep in her circle and he was toddling about in the flowers they would steal him away .
of course , she echoed , and then paused , lifting the bough of jasmine flowers to her nose .
she inhaled deeply and then clenched her fist , mashing the flowers into a shapeless wad before dropping them onto the carpet .
gary yelled and ground his teeth as he watched the kid drag his overstuffed pillow case of candy through his wifes flowers .
in a decorative basketwith flowers and glitter and stuff .
* chapter 41 sphincter fish roger stopped at globe quick shop and picked up a bouquet of flowers and a box of candy for emma .
with the box of candy under his arm and the flowers in hand he headed for his ride .
jacky snatched the flowers out of rogers hand and then the candy out from under his arm .
jacky dropped the flowers on the ground .
then he opened the box of chocolates and poured them over the flowers , crushing the entire mess under his foot .
i m afraid i dropped your flowers , sphincter fish .
i think you ll find that if i fancied her , it would be more logical for me to tell her i fancied her , and maybe buy her flowers in the traditional way .
she very nearly did two seconds later when a vase of flowers pitched onto the floor with a deafening crash .
james saw the smashed vase , the water and the flowers strewn over the floor .
my flowers threw themselves onto the floor .
not as much as you , she replied , and they ran off , trampling through the flowers towards the back of the hospital .
a single rose , which had been sitting amongst a collection of other colourful flowers , was floating in mid air above the vase .
i was boxed in ; behind and ahead were identical looking virgin media transit vans ; to my left was an elderly lady wearing a floppy hat in a boxy car that could have been designed by an infant ; to my right was an enormous articulated lorry that claimed to be transporting flowers from holland but i suspected was actually moving something much larger and more sinister : nuclear warheads , perhaps , or experimental robot whales .
people took to tying flowers to it and leaving notes about the unusual number of pets that went missing in the area .
` ` look closely , i put a flower clip in , too . ''
the crazy battle involving plungers , an army of lizards ( courtesy of dean lightbody ) , lunch - ladies with attitude as big as their hair - curlers and various flowers growing on the walls and ceiling , had spilled from the cafeteria to the rest of the school building .
i ve got to say , when i decided to come visit you i thought our stage would be a little more flowers and butter cups , you know ?
and in amongst all that filth there were scraps of children running barefoot , weaving their way through the ebbing flow of people , clutching wilting bunches of flowers in their dirty mitts .
ere mister , buy a flower ?
he thrust a flower at daniel , who took it and passed it back to me without a word .
daniel had given me a flower .
and yet daniel had given me a flower .
this ever recurring scene was scented of the english garden flowers tended by the one who had held him safe , from boyhood until initiation to destiny ; fragrance lifted into a wind raising the robes of the desert boy to billow as would sails fill with ineluctable power .
without looking up , the tall thin man of stone beckoned layth to approach but in the way of dreams layth fell away into waves of scented wild flowers ; rippling blossoms kissing the feet of palms that had fallen like defeated soldiers .
when flowers seed the time of life , greatest of prosperities , the student will carry the master home .
shared with him daily by his small computer , perched precariously on the piles of books strewn across his night table , were long term memories and dreams harvested from a time he enjoyed in the simple indulgence of loved ones , friends , years liberating ; perfections from a stroll through a flower garden .
i have looked through a wall of crystal panes , seen flower bearing petals of eight ; a rose of our royal tombs .
she slammed the door in bashas face and a few petals fell off the flowers .
oaka gave a hearty laugh and grabbed bashas flowers as he walked towards him .
basha sighed and muttered , fine , fine , i guess you re right about thatbut one of these days , shell accept my flowers .
anyway , flowers came , birds sang , and the season of reda , or the season of rebirth , had begun .
there stood hastin with flowers and she smiled as she took them .
as the dawn rose , the dirt almost disappeared and they were walking through grass with some flowers here and there .
it looked almost the same with bewilder , the trees , streets , houses and flowers , except there were less snow .
i get to leave this world with warm memories of baking cookies and painting flowers with my two favorite people in the world .
i m not a flower , rose said indignantly , worried that shed stumbled into a riddle .
if you re not to be the flower , then perhaps you re the soil , fenric said thoughtfully .
roses appear to be a delicate flower , you see , but are protected by vicious thorns .
hmm , mumbled fenric at this response , perhaps you re more prickle than flower after all .
what s the opposite of a flower ?
you ll fill your tilled rows , determining which of your own flowers to nourish and which to cut away .
tell you what , just for you , ill sneak into the gardens when i m there and steal you a flower .
the eldest delahaye began to slowly pick the flowers from her hair , arranging them into a miniature bouquet .
do nt you dare spend a dime and send flowers to my doorstep again .
the walls are covered in flower - printed wallpaper the flowers are red with green leaves and vines ; the background is yellow .
i think i drooled a little when i saw her in that clingy white / grey flower printed summer dress .
i bury my face into the flowers hoping that they can conceal my blush .
marisol is about to plant her rear in the middle of the sofa when mama , who just came back from putting her flowers into a vase , suggested that she and oscar go play in my bedroom which sends them scurrying up the stairs .
a family portrait is smashed on the floor just inside the door alongside the antique vase ; all the fresh flowers that were in it are dried up and dead .
i placed the twine over my head , the wooden flower falling against my chest .
a mere flower , i waited to see if i would be picked or crushed under unconcerned feet .
i d imagined racing through the gates and up those hills , into the flowers .
no , ill take them ... she comes back inside carrying two bunches of flowers .
they re both stuffed full of pink flowers .
ill take the flowers and put them in some water .
yes , thanks for the flowers , antonio , i say again , quickly this time , and antonio looks down , remembering there are other people in the room besides him and holly .
those flowers look nicely watered , ross said , gazing through the front window .
warm winter sunshine slid in as ross pushed the door open and they all smelt the flowers in the overgrowing garden .
to hold her hand and read some monument or walk through some battlefield now covered in grass and wild flowers .
he wondered if he should send her flowers .
last evening , after coty left , he d searched the internet for the right type of flowers to send aurora .
guys sent flowers to girls after they screwed up , right ?
was he supposed to send lots to show how sorry he was , or should he send flowers based on their meaning ?
ummmdid you get the flowers ?
the sunflowers reminded me of you when i looked up flowers last night .
as we set out to walk together across a lawn dotted with beds of flowers and sprinkled with daisies , i found myself suddenly uncertain and reluctant to begin conversation .
here and there , gardeners were at work among masses of summer flowers .
the pretty garden was blooming with bright , summer flowers , just as when i left , and the view across the the river was the same , except for the absence of the circus .
behind the collumns , a broad formal garden , laid out with pools and flower beds and chequered marble walkways , led to the palace doors .
the two small tables in each corner , the dried flowers on the wall , the fire in the fireplace was still flickeringeverything was in its exact place .
there were no flower beds , although a few ragged blossoms drooped bright heads amongst the weeds .
around her , the village opened into the sunlight like a flower .
these dishes do not smell like flowers .
these glass panels had flower designs cut into them , so that when she looked through them the outside world was broken up into crazy patterns .
with a shaky hand , i reach out and take the flower .
but ian has never given me flowers .
you ca n't kiss me and you ca n't bring me flowers .
fog spreads on the glass like an opening flower .
there is something about the flowers , the way they flicker , their beauty and magic , compel me to crouch down and reach for one , but will grabs my hand .
we visit our mom 's grave regularly and take her flowers .
i probe every dark corner , pull the fake flowers out of mom 's favorite vase and look inside , i move chachkies and look behind them , i rustle the branches of the potted plants .
two dozen rose bushes surrounded the building and each window had a flower box underneath .
she often tsked her tongue at the decrepit lawns devoid of flowers or sensible greens .
rose stood in her kitchen , having completed her orderly morning gardening routine like pruning and dead heading the pink flowers .
she loved the smell of the flowers and the rich , damp soil ; that was why she enjoyed gardening so much .
she opened the book ; it smelled of wax , flowers , grass and ashes .
his head cracked against the small wall surrounding the centre flower display , knocking him unconscious .
they owned several gardens with all their favorite flowers and herbs for potions .
willow had a small , designated section of rose bushes that she liked to go to think , tend , and smell her favorite flower : brilliant , stark white roses .
hanging from the ceiling in long vines were white flowers , mostly roses and hydrangeas , willows favorite .
tall vases filled with the same flowers on the ceiling were in the center of each table , and silver goblets and silverware were spread out on the tops of them .
the roses were white and pure , delicately tended and watched over to produce such big and lush flowers .
flames and gray and black smoke engulfed the garden , killing willows beautiful flowers and the land that she loved .
she wore a long , pink peasant skirt that brushed the floor and had an off the shoulder shirt with a flower design on it .
and i suppose being named after a tree and a flower is nt odd ?
aromas of flowers now greeted her .
beautiful fairy women danced in flower dresses flowing and twirling around with the sweet musical flutes that were playing .
why do you smell like a garden of flowers ?
abner has orchards , and gardens and flowers all over his layer .
it is a joyous flower that attracts the singing birds .
lark places a bunch of red flowers at the base of glaytons stone and touches the name again .
when we reach the four that are blank , lark places flowers at each one of those as well .
in a layer of flower gardens , the possibilities of attack are endless .
there are a few vigilantes around her , but the others are fighting flowers .
i go in swinging at the yellow daffodil - like flowers that are buzzing around the vigilantes .
as i fight through the flying flowers , i catch sight of a creature with red eyes sitting in the green grass where the daffodils were peacefully perched before they launched an attack against the vigilantes .
as i get around a pink flower bush , he runs through it .
leaves and flowers fly through the air as he charges for me .
the girl was drawn to the flowers and leaned down to sniff one when something pierced her neck .
she began convulsing immediately , and then the flowers attacked .
everyone is quiet as we walk , not wanting to disturb the flowers or alert things to our presence , but i know that its too late for that .
there are colorful flower bushes that are against the walls between the tall windows of the pavilion that i keep my eyes on for any sign of trouble .
i do nt like that i was right about the flowers luring people in .
from the way her small hips fit between my legs to her peach colored lips that are as soft as any flower petal .
when we laid flowers on the graves , and we stopped by the four blank stones , she laid flowers at them like she knew them , like they were her family .
when we laid flowers on the graves , and we stopped by the four blank stones , she laid flowers at them like she knew them , like they were her family .
blaze , fia , and des are holding the creatures back from the bridge by making a wall of flames and air between the bridge and the flower garden .
like the flowers that are in vases all over the room are coated with some kind of cheap air freshener that you expect to smell in a gas station bathroom .
the rest of the layer has smelled fresh from all the flower gardens , but something about the smell here sends a vague , fuzzy warning through the back of my mind .
we head to an east garden , walking by some unique flower beds in the shapes of different animals .
dagdron moved to his fathers side , observing the hilly , flower - covered meadows extending in the distance .
what about the flower ?
as if almost getting killed was nt enough , now we get to walk in the snow and mud looking for bark and a flower .
earl took the flower and put it in his pack with the bowl .
we got your stupid bowl and flower , dagdron said .
as soon as he was out of earshot , seacra remarked to ulec , all the stuff you can do in the forest and you re going to go look at some blue flowers .
cady giggled at the comment but did nt dare say anything that might keep her from seeing the flowers .
cady was using some of the flowers she had picked to show giddy how to decorate hats .
giddy helped her gather some of the flowers then walked over to where jerad was waiting for them .
we were making a flower hat , giddy told him excitedly .
i thought you were showing the flowers to cady , ulec said in an annoyed tone .
the right someone , lauren remained an unopened flower .
the three serfs stared in terror at a romulus ' king of spades playing card : the front showed a crowned ruler ; and the back had a design of swirling vines growing around a flower .
he studied the royal king on the front and the intricate vines that curled around a flower on the back .
` ` that makes me feel better , '' viktor muttered , kicking a frozen flower .
` ` even more so than you thinkthe phrase was coined from the flowers placed on a lover 's grave . ''
` ` the chinese flowers bloom ! ''
` ` i keep all my old designs , and this is the most detailed work i ' ve ever done , '' he said , passing them the block , whose front had been carved into an intricate image of leaves and vines wrapping around a flower .
` ` no , i 'll be at the den at the time the chinese flowers bloom . ''
that implies he 's not sticking around ... ` ` chinese flowers ?
once again , viktor examined romulus ' card : the stately king of spades gazed at him from the front ; the back showed snaking vines wrapping around a flower .
` ` i think so ... which would make the flower growing in the center of the vines '' ` ` the house of cards . ''
the flower growing in the vines does n't just mark the house of cardsit 's the map 's compass , and since it grows upward at a left slant , the top left edge of the card points north , which makes sense , because the maze has a sort of diamond shape . ''
` ` so all we have to do is trace the flower 's vine back to one of the starting points . ''
a saying is a flower , a proverb is a berry : only one is chewed over . ''
its familiar design made viktor 's neck prickle : swirling vines wrapped around a flower .
it had a hammock , several flower pots , and a stand with a bright pink electric guitar .
gardening was something the others were always boasting about , and she had always adored walking through the rows of crops and flowers , picking out what she wanted to adorn her home with and filling her basket to the brim .
he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of flower perfume that drifted off of her skin .
she always smelled like flowers , a smell that calmed him .
there was no greenery or trees or flowers .
what s not to understand , your flowers look great .
she thought that her counterpart had taken care of her flowers .
it reminded her of how happy she had been as she watered her flowers , watching them sprout from the ground .
he reached down to make a flower appear at his feet .
there was a garden of flowers in the front and a stone wall lining the front perimeter .
she was an older woman with a pink dress covered in flowers and she was holding her head under her right arm .
my mom was never really into having flowers so we never had anything more than a couple of bushes .
there were some lovely flowers at the table as well .
the littels and tamtails needed feeding , the flowers needed weeding , and father was sick in bed .
it came to the gelfling towns by the rolling rivers and tufted flower fields .
life is good when there are flowers and fields .
gobber stooped and pulled the mustard - smelling flower bush up by the woody stem .
worth cobs an ' flowers to me now , as gobber 'd put it .
violet looked beautiful in a white summer dress , sporting little flowers throughout her hair .
the considerable weight of the tree had squashed the majority of the flower baskets beneath its massive trunk , scattering dust and debris everywhere .
immediately familiar to link , the woman in the picture was waving to a small boy , who was picking flowers by a murky duck pond .
the once - beautiful plots of flowers and well - manicured lawns had all withered brown from cold , a casualty to the oncoming winter .
( as the delicately divine little miss we - could - be - friends - maybe - even - like - sisters flowers always points out . )
thing is , would little miss flowers think dad was really quite dashing if shed seen him before his last and most successful hair transplant ?
tension and energy vanished , and laidens body felt as limp as wilted flowers .
she s a shy flower , that one , pa went on .
it was easier to talk to him if she kept her eyes on the path , or the fjord , or the green slopes above them where the early wild flowers were just starting to show their faces .
with this flower , he returned to the sorceresss cottage and everything he touched with the flower was freed from its enchantment , including jorinda .
with this flower , he returned to the sorceresss cottage and everything he touched with the flower was freed from its enchantment , including jorinda .
immediately on waking , floringel set out to find this flower .
floringel picked the flower and hurried back to the sorceresss cottage .
he touched the flower to the door of the cottage and it sprang open .
the sorceress tried to bespell him again , but floringel touched her with the flower and all her magic fled .
otherwise , i might have to go searching for a red flower with which to destroy the witchs spells .
we usually see girls as flowers and as you know , flowers fade away after some time .
we usually see girls as flowers and as you know , flowers fade away after some time .
as they do and a guy notices another beautiful flower in a garden , he takes it and has to either replace the old one resting in that vase dumps you or he finds another vase and puts the new flower in it thus loving them both which means cheating you both .
as they do and a guy notices another beautiful flower in a garden , he takes it and has to either replace the old one resting in that vase dumps you or he finds another vase and puts the new flower in it thus loving them both which means cheating you both .
i could feel it in the air , the mild temperature and blooming flowers an awkward trademark .
i glanced at the open fields , the rows of tilled soil , the patches of flowers , the orchards , and the wooden windmills .
i will not be a mere flower busy with bees and soon to wilt i will be a cactus with your water and wait patiently here in the desert the weekend went by slowly .
the dark blues and happy yellows were the most vibrant thing in the room , but they were nt the green and white flower bedding i was used to .
chapter eighteen obsessed without any water the flowers in the window box wilt how did i even grow these flowers if clouds conquer the sun day after day and the soil is dry ?
chapter eighteen obsessed without any water the flowers in the window box wilt how did i even grow these flowers if clouds conquer the sun day after day and the soil is dry ?
my mom found a vase in the kitchen , and i quickly arranged the flowers while charlie chatted with my parents .
you brought me flowers , i said .
i give flowers to my friends all the time .
besides , the only reason i got them was because i happened to see a flower shop right when i got off the freeway .
goodnight to my thoughts of you they re all i have , my thoughts of you and i know you wo nt stay i know you wo nt stay i wish i could steal one waltz with you we d waltz in rags among flowers but i know you ca nt stay i know you ca nt stay my roommate jocelyn knew how to play guitar too , so charlie taught her the chords to the song .
goodnight to my thoughts of you they re all i have , my thoughts of you and i know you wo nt stay i know you wo nt stay i wish i could steal one waltz with you we d waltz in rags among flowers but i know you ca nt stay i know you ca nt stay and , oh , i know you re the right one cause you re leavin to stay would be the wrong way oh , i know you re the right one cause you re leavin to stay would be the wrong way i m listening for something i have nt said before common words are for common hearts so many should have beens too many should have beens you do nt even know you re the star three wishes , too many ; i wish that you were my star so many could have beens too many could have beens and , oh , i know you re the right one cause you re leavin to stay would be the wrong way oh , i know you re the right one cause you re leavin to stay would be the wrong way goodnight to my thoughts of you they re all i have , my thoughts of you and i know you wo nt stay i know you ca nt stay charlies song ended with tear - jerking minor chords .
for charlie , i painted a picture of my favorite flower shop , figaros garden .
the flower shop was more than a sister to me .
the flowers you sent me for our anniversary are still blooming in my room .
when i came home from work one day with a big bouquet of flowers from charlie , emma asked , when are you two love birds going to get married ?
what is your favorite kind of flower ?
mrs . britton walks in from the front yard where she was preparing flower beds for the quickly approaching winter months .
the batik tee shirt was home made and the tattered jeans were from some boot sale and her made up flowers that adorned them , really only covered the holes that were in them when she bought them .
there were fresh flowers down by the altar , some of them lilies , judging by the awful heavy scent that permeated from that direction .
we ' ve got some elder flower cordial somewhere if you prefer . ''
jen had no idea what elder flower was and decided the fruit cocktail would do as a push .
i could see some flower beds that were getting ready to be planted with fall flowers .
i could see some flower beds that were getting ready to be planted with fall flowers .
children and women wore garlands of greenery or flowers in their hair .
hoang - ha falteringly made a bid as if with poker chips for his flower ( tien ) .
` ` you got ta watch out , '' the flower of hoang - ha cautionedbecause there was already a local newspaper account about the monster .
` ` he 's threatening me , '' the flower declared , or , rather , cooed .
he closed and opened his hand in the form of a duck as if picking petals off a flower , saying she loves me , she loves me not .
mills exclaimed and then exploded , ` ` cousin , barbara , you are a flower , a positive flower ! ''
mills exclaimed and then exploded , ` ` cousin , barbara , you are a flower , a positive flower ! ''
in all the mayhem , dupont circle meant flower power , it meant black lights , fluorescent posters of endless valleys in red , gold , and orange , high - ceilinged rooms with wood floors , blue jeans , marijuana , tie - dyed t - shirts with no bra , bare feet , sandals , and lsd .
it was perfect for a flower childa white egyptian dress with flower embroidery around the neck and a slit up the side .
it was perfect for a flower childa white egyptian dress with flower embroidery around the neck and a slit up the side .
- https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/353590 la fortuna della luna - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/361040 you will die - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/383211 the death and resurrection of john - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/369060 testimony of a former slave as witness to a duel : september 15 , 1822 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/362072 my boy johnny - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/356847 extinction of the thalls - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/310829 washington - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/294233 the dragons of miami - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/278539 other world - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/51153 arrowheads - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/171930 the splintered door and the kiss - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/219942 psychic - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/236386 europe 76 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/151823 the weird life of joshua mirabene - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301478 literary flowers - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301637 in search of marekka - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/313720 connect with garden urthark online twitter : http : //twitter.com / gardenurthark smashwords : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / gardenurthark garden urtharks blog : http : //gardenurthark.wordpress.com eden , dawn the chronicles of paradise book one copyright 2014 archer swift swift books smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is free , and you are welcome to share it with your friends .
how did she not see the flowers ?
ill explain it to you later , tammie shakes her head as she places the flowers in a vase .
he crossed his arms over his knees , focusing on the wild flowers i d noticed moments before .
just do nt buy your date one of those huge , obnoxious wrist corsages where the girl feels like she s wearing a flower bush on her wrist when all she wanted was a single stem rose to put in a vase by her bed .
he brought me a bouquet of obnoxious flowers .
i could tell her about my deal with jasper , or about how michael had rejected me all year , or how zeke caused all these weird twisty feeling inside me even though he was nt really talking to me or how i had a yellow poofy dress with humongous flower on the shoulder that i had to wear because of all the time her mom had spent with me , and how it did nt matter because i was nt even going to prom .
the flower on the shoulder was even bigger than i remembered .
i knew they were staring at the god - awful poofy flowers on my shoulder and were secretly cringing or laughing on the inside .
but the idea of squishing into the corner , the odd girl out , with my yellow flower hitting the person next to me in the face every time i moved , plus the fact that jules did nt want me , made me take a step back .
even if it turned out nothing like i expected , i was going to own it , big poofy yellow dress with the obnoxious flower on my shoulder and all .
i danced a few times with boys from my classes and tried not to knock them out with my huge flower .
i finally realized that if i was stuck wearing a poofy yellow dress with a ginormous flower on the side , then it was my fault .
every time i moved , the flower growing off my shoulder crinkled and brushed his face .
i took hold of the flower and yanked at it until it ripped off .
flower petals would be scattered at our feet , and violinists would be playing on the bank , as we passed , holding hands and locking lips .
he was thrown immediately into arrangements for his wedding , and as bowregard , and thorn helped to plan and purchase what he needed , sasha and millie worked with rebekkah to pick flowers for bouquets , find a tailor to make maggies dress and buy ribbons for her hair .
he loved the smell of flowers and trees .
the table is draped with a white cloth with a flower center piece .
flowers and rose bushes across the yard .
yeah , i told you that was fine , why are you still looking for flowers .
did you bring the flowers ?
there was a certain species of flower that mos grandmother had always sprinkled around the water before she would allow the kids to go swimming .
she insisted that it was a special flower , the scent of which repelled sharks .
moses had never been able to determine how much truth there was to this myth but the flowers grew abundantly around the house so whenever the boys ventured out they made sure to bring a few flowers for good measure .
moses had never been able to determine how much truth there was to this myth but the flowers grew abundantly around the house so whenever the boys ventured out they made sure to bring a few flowers for good measure .
the combination of the flowers in the water , the magnetic beads that adorned the boys crudely fashioned jewelry , and loud bass seemed to keep even the most curious of sharks at bay and was used as the boys default defense .
i really wanted to court her and treat her like a lady and woo her with flowers and chocolates and all things romantic .
i point to a flower busy garden about twenty metres from us .
well tended flower beds complimented the stone paved driveway which the car was now easing onto from the main road .
flowers , dinosaurs , dogs , kittens , animals , fruits , vegetables , gingerbread , christmas tree , birds , bugs , spiders , snakes , guitar , piano , musical instruments , fighter jets to airplanes , boats , and cars from a fast sports car to the old fashioned model - t ford to the new hover car .
he holds my hold , leading then we emerge on a sidewalk of flowers and low bushes surrounding retail shops .
at the auditorium eating and drinking and merry making .. , he pulls vines whipping them into a circular flower headband , crowning me while chuckling .
we sit inside the wooden gazebo near the flowers .
where are your ornaments for the tomb suchlike flowers ?
a few last words , biblical passages , tearful moments watching family members remove flowers from the large bouquet draped over a gleaming casket .
she wants to scream at him , yet the contact of his lips soothes her and makes her wilt turning into a gentle flower in the texas heat .
the headstone has n't come in yet , but there is a plaque and piles of flowers covering the fresh , grassy mound .
holding hands , they place the frappe amongst the flowers and stand back in silence .
min - jun hoped it would frustrate that flower boy so much that he would quit , if the management did nt fire him first .
the flower petals floated across the stage as he sang about them in the song .
with all these flowers stuffing my nose with stink , i was confused , mac said .
the news announcer said scenes like those all over the hospital occurred when mac from g5 gave all his flowers and gifts to those in need .
can you get all these flowers and stuff out of the room ?
there must be several other rooms in this hospital with people that do nt get any flowers and junk .
dan wanted all those flowers removed as soon as possible .
what he did nt know was that the whole hospital seemed to be decorated with his flowers .
he just wanted the stinky flowers out of his room .
flower petals , in dark pink swirled all over the gown in a random pattern .
he opened the plastic grocery bag that he brought with him and reached inside , pulling out a fistful of pink rose petals , to match the flowers on mallorys gown .
i brought a bouquet of flowers , as i often did , and dan toted a large plastic grocery bag filled with something .
he asked causing her to finally look away from the bundle of flowers and at him .
ryder peered down at her drawing of a big flower and decided the he d hang on skylars fridge , hoping that when she woke up shed see it .
still , the wish - granting business had turned from flowers and butterflies to a little black rain cloud for me a number of years ago , and i really wanted to be done .
but yeah , i was totally into flowers in my hair , peace and love , love , love .
i pulled some bills out of a vase decorated with hand - painted flowers that i d found at a garage sale with anna maria .
it looked like a little kidalexa ? might have painted those flowers .
whenever we painted , she painted flowers .
like on the first day of secondary school when she had introduced herself as daisy rose , claiming that her parents had thought her so beautiful that they had named her after two flowers .
the bluebells in her hair were looking a little worse for wear and her knees were cut and dirty , presumably from foraging for her flowers .
i ve told you before dizz ; blokes do nt like flowers .
like the flowers yesterday .
this onell do , said angelina pointing to a house with pretty net curtains and flowers in the window .
sykes found an empty spot on the low cement walls of the flowers beds criss - crossing the entrance to the school .
i did nt know anything about flowers , but i could learn .
oh , there 's my bag , danika stated , pointing to a large pink suitcase with a hibiscus flower design .
they wo n't care if we take the flowers .
besides , the men that work here just throw the flowers away anyhow .
jonathan spotted a large bouquet of brightly - colored artificial flowers and his eyes lit up .
he quickly knelt down and took the flowers from the plastic vase .
the people are dead , they do n't care about the flowers .
besides , is n't it better to give flowers to people that are living ?
well just think of how happy your mamm will be when she sees the flowers .
he had looked in and around the rockery , behind the flower pots , under the bushes and , after borrowing his fathers step ladder , on top of the garage roof .
we walked up an ornate brick path lined with freshly planted trees , bushes and flowers .
she was playing with the paper napkin on her plate , making it into some sort of flower , not interested in the conversation at all .
riley smiled in triumph and genevieve went back to her paper flower .
genevieve stood up ready for a fight , her napkin flower falling to the ground .
it took a minute or so , but she eventually sat down in her chair , picking up her flower from the floor and playing with it , but with less enthusiasm .
everyone at the table jumped to their feet except genevieve , who was not even paying attention to me , twirling her paper flower between her fingers .
she was so vulnerable and delicate , like a flower .
why not a flower ?
turns out it was her favorite flower .
it could have been the nightblooming flowers drifting in from the open window .
you taste like flowers , nisha said .
green grass , green trees , and flowers still in bloom , embellished the beautiful campus .
however , i can see you are just fine , talbott continued to stand there awkwardly holding the flowers .
i stood in the foyer , flowers in hand , staring at the door .
i let out a small scream of frustration , threw the flowers on the floor and stormed up to my bedroom .
talbott waited at the foot of the stairs , more pink chrysanthemums in hand ; well , they used to be my favorite flowers .
colorful flower arrangements intertwined with the candle lit centerpieces over black silk table clothes .
a beautiful flower garden sat next to the house and i could see a woman working strenuously in it to pull weeds .
we could splash black paint over all of the dresses and then wear like corsages with dead flowers in them as like a statement against the greeting - card holiday that defines the awfulness that is valentines day .
are you saying piper would nt look pretty covered in black paint , carrying dead flowers ?
the yard was neatly trimmed where grass was allowed to grow , or in this case die with winter coming soon ; but most of the yard was mulched and made into flower beds that held the remains of withered stems and dilapidated plants .
my mom has enough flowers , they destroy my allergies anyway , phoenixs eyes were glinting with mischief and i could nt tell if he was being serious or not .
there were boxes for flowers hanging out of every second and third story window , but they were empty now because of the season .
piece of advice , while you were pulling our hair and tripping us , we were giving our first kisses away to the boys that brought us flowers and candy .
my mom sat at one end of a wide , polished table with a large vase of fresh flowers at its center .
the strong perfume of flowers cloyed the air , and it was difficult to breathe .
after the sun blossomed like a beautiful flower , i turned to alberta .
i eye burn the wallpaper of delicate baby blue and lavender field flowers perched into a wicker white basket that repeats along the wallpaper design every three inches against the faint lavender background around the room as cinta viciously attacks , leaning into my space as her nostrils breathe on my left collar bone .
garth stands at the end of my boot toes as i lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass .
i feel restless and flip my body towards the wallpaper seeing more spot lights rumba around randomly hitting or missing the fixed flower baskets as i ponder that cinta , billy jack and the other seniors are totally mean for playing the upcoming hokes on beck and i do nt want to be a part of that nasty act as i wonder what i can do about it .
the music combines the fiddles and drums when we stop spinning and then move forward side by side but holding hands with our entangled arms like skipping over patches of live flowers along the floor in a full circle .
i yell in soprano piccolo and stand from the chair rattling the small flower arrangement on the surface .
each girl royal gets a tiara and a set of flowers while the boy gets a trophy and a cowboy hat compliments of the local hardware store then the girl royal places the cowboy hat on her royal beaus skull in both honor and tradition .
i stand in front of becks wheelchair smiling at his face behind the dorky thick eye lens then kneecap both legs on the floor for a second time so i m even with his skull while i place my bouquet of flowers on the left side of his chair and his trophy on the right side of his wheel then i lean my shoulders and face into his upper torso positioning with extended arms and wiggling nervous ten finger pads the cowboy hat ever over the middle of his skull .
garth standing at the end of my boot toes as i lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass as i clearly see an upright position of garths six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet t - shirt that clings to his board shoulders , muscular chest , and eight - pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes since he wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots .
then within the blinding light i see that garths two hands are reaching out slo mo out and gently touches both my naked biceps which rest on top of the pink rose flowers as i quickly feel my body falling backwards instead of forward snapping open my eyelashes seeing the dark walls move away from my drifting body while back pedaling with aided assistance out of garths bedroom .
i stare at the pretty rose arm bouquet that measures from my middle finger to the length of my elbow with almost fully bloomed twelve deep colored red roses while i caress the tip of bottom flower on the right then quickly pluck a single rose petal from the rose tossing into the air as i recall garths words last nightlove vow and .
around the oak tree is a cedar wooden tree bench wrapping completely around the circumference that can seat six people to enjoy the cool shading of the overhanging branches creating a romantic , timeless escape from the real world of wrecked atvs as i giggle with a girly twang noting there s planted a patch of pretty bluish - purple african violet flowers as i step closer to the far away front porch .
the flower only blooms in the springtime as i shake my skull side to side at the wrong workings of nature on this farm .
each bird drops a soft single petal of flora roses and daisy flowers upon the cool marble .
he walks around her then sits inside the unbroken chair , touching the fresh arrangement of flowers , then priceless vase .
why did you pull my roses from the flower garden then scatter them into the living - room ?
you smell like wild flowers ?
i crouch then butthole - crawl on bend kneecaps towards the edge of the rear patio , passing the pretty flowers , tall trees , and short bushes , which i can hardly see in the total darkness of the weird night of whatever .
thieves never use the front door , mama , squatting then grab one of the short thick hard tiki stones creating a circle of beautiful lawn ornaments from the flower garden .
i lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass .
it does n't look like the typical moth wings , it looks like a part of a flower .
i stared at it a little longer and finally realized my wings look like the violet - forget me not flowers .
its all so overwhelming , my wings actually took shape of my favourite flowers .
tuesday , a bunch of guys keep giving me an arrangement of forget - me - not flowers each arrangement had notes in them like , '' i fell for you at first sight and i do n't mind falling all over again '' , ` ` is there something better than chocolate ?
frangipani flowers were threaded through it .
the garden beds at the front were filled with beautiful flowers .
the one with the flowers in her hair who d been standing by the fire .
abby breathed in the scent of the flowers .
my hair was so windblown i was afraid to touch it not that i could , for if i had let my hands off the reigns i would have gone flying off and into a pile of tall flower stalks .
i went sailing through the air , skimming flowers along the way .
mother was in the dining room , discussing flower arrangements with the gardener servant .
this is what i see : the captain smoking a long green pipe ( inhaling as if it were a beautiful flower ) , three crewmen struggling with the sails , and one crewman in the crows nest with a funny looking pair of things he is holding up to his eyes .
rose , he repeated , the most beautiful flower , with a smile .
ah , but even the most beautiful flower has thorns , i fear i flirted , with a returned smile , too .
so he handed me a map and the two flower pots and shoved me out the door .
daytime , five creatures , all look human , mrs . wongs friday flowers being delivered next door , two in van , three break into the house , protective enchantments fail , tara in bathrobe and wet hair , hiding under basement stairs with immolation elixirs , clock in basement reads 10:24 .
10:12 the flowers come on friday tara is in a robe with wet hair , fresh out of a shower , probably washing off our clubbing from last nightlast night .
the flower truck is out front , this is happening in minutes !
the flower delivery truck is still next door , but our front door is wide open .
thomas had flowers delivered thanking me for an awesome night and asking for his boxer briefs back !
the scent of flowers became too delicate for my nose to sense anymore .
i did nt question her about how she could have lost track of time because my heart started racing the moment i sensed the already familiar smell of wet wood and wild flowers .
keeping her eyes on my face , she added very slowly , why was there a lilac smell and flowers flying around ?
had no idea it rained flowers in seattle .
i dreamed of colors and perfumes and flowers dancing around me as if i was immersed in a clear pool of warm , scented water .
my eyes went to the caper flowers cascading from the trellis , their alien shapes begging to be sketched .
it is my favorite flower .
i had a distinct memory of the perfumed flowers in saras room , but it was nt something we talked about often .
to me , it smells like a flower essence gone bad , like a perfume that once was very expensive but was left out in the sun .
in my dream , i could smell the scent of freshly cut flowers and could hear music in the distance .
my soul opened like a flower and invited him in .
now the smell reminded me of freshly washed clothes and lilac flowers .
we poke at yesterday the way a hummingbird pokes a flower for sweet nectar .
chapter 14 foster flowers kristina was a loner by choice .
watching them grow is like watching flower buds unfurl their petals at the sun .
she blinked rapidly , and her vision came into focus in time for her to watch tam and annon run into a cottage that must have been white at some point , but was now stained with a mustard covering and surrounded by empty flower beds .
penora started picking up flowers by the side of the road .
she loves , loves flowers .
penora stood up with a bundle of flowers in her arms .
she yelled out to the girls , who were hiding behind a flower cart .
as a little girl , i used to roam our yard and secretly pick flowers .
i would make tiny bouquets and sometimes tuck a flower behind my ear .
feeling sorry for the little girl , i almost buy a flower for miss emily .
i realize the flowers are for me , and i do nt want to ruin his wonderful surprise .
well , she begins with a smile , nothing says it better than flowers .
how many guys buy a girl flowers on the first date ?
does that mean the flowers are not for me ?
so let me get this straight , chloe begins , you spotted this guy buying flowers for his girlfriend , and since his girlfriends grandmother was actually the florist , you found out from her ?
she roots around in chloes hair accessory drawer , finding some elastics , bobby pins , and silk white flower clips .
she crosses the thin braids in the back , and pins in the flowers .
no , i clarify , but buying flowers for her .
he buys flowers for her every week ?
but i do nt buy flowers for chloe every week .
guys buy flowers on special occasions or to apologize , but this weekly ritual is nt normal .
i saw you at publix yesterday , buying flowers , and then after talking to the florist , i came to the wrong conclusion .
no , and do you really want me to draw my own conclusionsafter what happened when i saw you buying flowers at publix ?
flowers , trees , animals , every living thing is thanks to them .
and , what took the most effort , many flowers tied painstakingly in her plaited hair .
several flower petals fell from her hair and onto the pillow and she warbled softly in her sleep .
eventually they came to a small clearing amongst some trees , out of sight of everyone else and ringed with flowers .
the voice seemed to laugh , a haunting vibration that gently shook the ground and set the flowers nodding .
there s a nice place near home with a small creek and lotsa flowers .
as the cloud slowly covered the sky over the pretty little brook with its gorgeous flowers , the perfect spot for two , the cloud moved with a fitful anger , jumping ahead with each rhythmic , impatient tap of the foot .
gel remembered seeing a bard once , remembered how he had juggled and pulled flowers out of nowhere .
only later was he told that the flowers were hidden in the bards sleeves .
the faint smell of cut flowers perfumed the air .
i was amusing myself by counting the flower beds , when someone knocked on the door of my room .
she talked about flowers , invitations , table cloths , and dresses .
the garden was bathed in a grey light which saturated the pinks , purples and lavenders of the flower beds making them look like an oil painting .
large pyramids of greenery and flowers overflowed in the corners of the room .
jenna and i skipped the vegetables and flowers and headed toward the jewelry .
he placed a bouquet of wild flowers in my hand .
would you like some water for your flowers ?
i glanced down and saw that i was holding a bouquet of wild flowers .
i placed my bouquet of wild flowers on the table .
these flowers , i pointed to the flowers on the table , i did nt pick them .
these flowers , i pointed to the flowers on the table , i did nt pick them .
jenna spoke slowly , fingering the bouquet of flowers .
jenna looked at the flowers .
there are nt any wild flowers growing between here and the barn .
she looked at me quizzically , tilting her head to one side as she examined my bouquet of flowers .
i looked dubiously at the flowers .
so , its like a text message sent with flowers .
so what s the message in the flowers ?
i mean , i know what the flowers are , i just do nt know their meanings she puzzled over the flowers for a few minutes , but then her face brightened .
we propped it open in front of us as jenna studied the flowers in my bouquet .
do you know what kind of flower these are ?
i know my flowers .
we eagerly flipped through the pages of the book until we found the entry for the flowers .
i mean that s what my flower message says , right ?
the florists had arrived and were carrying even more flowers and greenery into the garden .
you can ask jenna , about the flower and how pip went crazy on the trail and .
i inhaled the fragrance of wet flowers and grass , smiling to myself as i hiked across the grounds to the fitzgibbons cottage .
you did nt need to bring me flowers .
she fussed with the flowers , placing them in the vase that the nurse had brought while i surveyed my breakfast of oatmeal and canned peaches .
i carried two bouquets of mr . fitzgibbons hothouse flowers with me .
your dads flowers should make things a little more cheery .
sitting on the grass , i select the most beautiful jasmine flower the one with six perfect petals .
i delicately arrange the flowers into bunches , then i pull out a long piece of grass and wrap it around the bouquet .
as i sat down on the grass and smelled the flowers in the garden , i could not believe how he had responded ; he had n't seemed shocked at all , but was excited about my idea .
mia is lying dead in front of me , cradling a small boy and flowers .
natalia recalled that she had seen the two friends lined up to attend flower club as school ended one day .
i gestured to nearby flowers , gorgeous orange blooms .
imagine how pretty new york would be if there were still flowers and trees .
much as i loved beautiful flowers , i hated that they died so quickly .
he smelled flowers .
he asked again , disbelieving her explanation about picking flowers .
he crouched down and sniffed the flowers shed been picking .
jessica climbed right up next to mom and leaned into her , showing her the flower .
one night , i woke to find her sitting on my floor , holding that little flower and staring at me .
she told me that dad picked out a white coffin , and before the service , he let all the kids there paint flowers on it in bright colors .
that s from the flower it was in my pocket , but it got too hot .
i dreamt that jessie was holding that plastic flower .
thanks for the beautiful flowers .
every day i take out the garbage and every week i bring home fresh flowers for jessie .
were getting into a routinefishing at the creek , looking for berries and banksia flowers , hunting for duck eggs , collecting oysters from the rocks .
what is your favorite type of flower ?
the scent of flowers tickle my nose .
he made a bouquet of flowers appear out of his magic cane .
a playful breeze carrying the heavy sweet scent of flowers stirred liams hair .
the flowers faded and the petals fell , carpeting the bottom .
when he snarled at robin , his breath smelled like beautiful flowers rising from a pile of filth , and his teeth were yellowed daggers .
pinkish - red was the predominant color , like some strange , exotic flower , and the rest was a flaky white : not the slightly pink - tan to which i was accustomed , but actually white , as in the pure color of ivory or alabaster .
gathering dewdrops covered the grass and flowers of the clearing , turning the green carpet into a spangled , twinkling field , and i realized that the humidity and heat i had woken to not so long ago had faded .
her bright cat eyes , shining the yellow of a blooming flower in the darkness , saw me looking and caught my gaze .
i was almost too late but just in time i stooped down as well and pried free a large weed choking the grass and purple bell - shaped flowers around it , pulling it up roots and all as we d been instructed .
we entered the bower through the wide opening and found fae eating at the tables nearest us ilyn , urden , paecsies , wispy white - haired creatures i remembered vaguely might be called sylphs , a few beautiful women that had flowing hair made of flowers and vines , and a number of others i could nt make out , all mixed in together .
moonlight bloomed from my clutched left hand like the first tentative petals of a night flower , and my stomach jumped in shock and disbelief .
the ground was rippled all around , as if it had been rent apart , and the jut of black rock was thrusting up into the clearing , made of hard straight lines that did nt fit among the trees and grass and flowers a patch of that black rock gleamed in the night , brighter than the rest , and my mind saw it as an evil eye winking , laughing that i had come so close .
there was a blinding flash , a muffled percussive pounding , and then flame caught in the grass and caught in the flowers that grew at the base of the trees , turning the blue and purple and yellow into flickering orange , into true light that came only from all - consuming flame .
before long , when the madness was on him , he could cup flowers in his hands and make them bloom .
there were humming birds flocking all around those chandeliers going for the weird flowers .
she ended up buying the clothes meant for me herself , and i left the store with a pair of yellow ballet flats decorated by a cheerful white flower on top , my one concession to mom 's determination to get me something .
he called all the time and would show up outside her house , dropped flowers off and stuff .
the back of the limo smelled too strong , like flowers and something elseearthit smelled like wet grass and soil .
deep violet flowers hung loosely from those vines , and around the walls that led to iron posts at the gates .
delicate flowers were sculpted into six inch thick wrought iron posts , in the shape of calla lilies .
i broke the flower from the stem and put it in my hairi wanted to savor it until the last of its petals shriveled and even then i d probably stuff it in one of my books .
fresh garlands of daisies run down every pew , fragrant flowers are strewn on the altar .
the exotic flowers he surprised me with , the quick trip to paris we took for my birthday , the gold locket he gave me .
she opened up the plannercringing a little at the flower print paperand asked , so how do i use this thing .
flowers dotted gently sloping hills in shades of fuchsia , teal , and violet , leaving selena open - mouthed and stunned .
the gardening fanatic would never want to leave a world filled with flowers in such vibrant colors .
flowers in every color conceivable dotted the green foliage growing from the curling branches .
trees seemed to sway to a soundless rhythm as one , and flowers danced and curled in the waving grass , seeming to turn toward them as they passed , lifting their petals and twirling in a hypnotic waltz .
the scent of fresh flowers was the first thing selena noticed .
the greenery and flowers climbed up the rooms massive white pillars and some sections of wall , creating a colorful and awe - inspiring display .
as titus led her closer , selena realized the glowing lights inside the flowers were the same pixies that had been dancing at the fae ball .
where will the pixies go when eranna has burned down their trees or trampled their flowers to enlarge her iron citadel ?
selena tried her best to greet them all , to shake hands , smile , and accept another handful of flowers , but was grateful when the burly men created a ring around her , escorting her , titus , her parents , and brother to the head table .
and sometimes gretchen , my good friend , would come and bring flowers to weave into my dark hair or a flask of wine from her fathers stock for us to drink until our heads were light as a feather .
i m tempted to remark on the absurdity of itfresh flowers in the middle of winter .
my palette of assorted acrylics in a spray of vivid colors gave me fresh flowers and the bittersweet scent of autumn leaves when in reality my world was surrounded by smells of detergent , floor wax , and urine .
so , here i was , stopping at a local store to grab some flowers and change in the bathroom before heading back to the home i wished had been my own since i was a little girl .
i shoved all my crap into my backpack and went in search of some flowers .
i peeked back down at the floral department , with its one black bucket filled with water and exactly three bouquets of flowers and sighed .
i was juggling the flowers with my keys dangling from my mouth and digging through my massive backpack to find my wallet when i heard a whistle come from behind me .
he pulled me up with him and held out my slightly crushed flowers with a small , crooked smile .
i had only seen a real flower once .
the tall pines stretched to the sky , dropping needles in our hair one minute , then we were out in a field moving through low grass and wild flowers .
i loved the green , the rocks , and the flowers .
i found i could recall many of the names and uses of the flowers and plants we passed .
he ran his hand through his fair hair , coming up with a handful of flowers .
were alone on the green , a patch of synthetic grass dotted with trees , flowers and benches ; the kids playground is a few feet away , but the little ones are probably at the schoolhouse the professor built for them and no ones here .
my family has long gone home , all that s left now are the piles of flowers and the two men in blue jumpsuits .
ill tell her that you , being the delicate flower you are , were overcome with grief and had to excuse yourself to the fainting couch , he says in a thick southern accent .
i step around the grave , careful not to disturb the freshly mounded dirt or the stacks of fresh flowers .
i hear they take these flowers and give them to the old people at the nursing home , i say , desperate to break the silence .
she wondered if it would be okay to download that game where you fought off zombies by planting flowers in the yard .
coming around the double swing chair her father had made , she sat and watched the insects flying over the last flowers of that season .
beth got up and began to pick the flowers she had been watching .
he made a gesture as if he would caress her cheek and she quickly dodged it , taking the flowers to the table on the porch .
she looked away again and began to arrange the flowers in a beautiful bouquet , buying some time to stabilize her voice and her pounding heart .
and why bring me flowers ?
he turned around , and beth threw the flowers at him , who grabbed them by reflex .
people probably would have mistaken her for a beautiful flower and she hated flowers because of her allergies .
people probably would have mistaken her for a beautiful flower and she hated flowers because of her allergies .
he would have hid behind a tree to do his business , but there were only flowers in the front yard .
god only knows what her grandmother would do to him if he messed up her beautiful flowers !
she loved those flowers only slightly less than her granddaughter .
there were cupcakes , gifts , and flowers everywhere .
sera , maybe fifteen - years - old , with her innocence pouring from her in waves of inexperience , was tiny , like a delicate flower with short , almost black hair cut to frame her face in angled layers , just a bit longer in front than back .
yeah we had flowers , cards and a cute little teddy bear for you .
red roses filled her flowerbeds along with many other types of flowers that i had never seen before .
she gave a small nod , eyes flitting toward a break in the row of flowers and i followed her .
i sat up , shaking them free , but when i looked up at the flowers growing along the windowsill they were nt just wilting .
i looked down at the metal flower and saw a drop of my blood .
i looked down and i was still holding the flower , the tip of one of the petals biting into my index finger .
they lookedlike the flowers in my nightmares , black vines scaling me until i could nt breathe .
i stuck metallic burrs on the flowers stem and sharp wings on the backs of bugs that should nt flytrying to figure out how to finish it and trying to forget that my dad was just here .
* * * emory was a walking campus , sprawled across 1,200 acres of lush green grass pocked with magnolia and dogwood trees in full bloom , the breeze tossing the flowers onto the sidewalk like snow .
she led me into the dizzying scent of spring , flowers bedding in her hair .
the backyard looked strangely palethe roses , the flowers potted next to them , even the herbs planted out in the yard frail and muted grey .
my grandmother was out in the yard when i got home , whatever sickness that had stripped the garden in the backyard starting to contaminate the flowers near the front steps .
i wanted my uncle to get back with the can of chicken stock my mom forgot and i wanted my grandmother to step outside to check on the flowers shed just planted and i wanted my mom to pull back the curtains and see him there .
i thought about putting one of the bright flower clips in my hair but went with the why bother ?
the flowers out front were wilted beyond repair .
the girls loved the colorful hanging baskets of flowers on the front porch , and the park - like front lawn .
` ` she does love her flowers , '' kacey agreed .
the girls watered the flowers and put clean water in the bird bath on the patio .
the voluptuous pluran , wearing a pair of green breeches and a pink robe , looked ridiculously like a flower awkwardly planted in this parched deserted land .
my feet tread carefully over to the round black trashcan with lime green flowers on it , and i pull it over to the side of ivys bed .
she noticed a narcissus flower in the far back of her garden .
its leaves were closed up like a tulip , which gave her the impression that it was a new budding flower .
she walked toward the back and lightly touched the flower with the tips of her fingers and it slowly opened welcoming the rain that had begun to slowly fall down upon it .
when she had gone to the back of the garden where the narcissus had blossomed , she had noticed that the flowers around the narcissus had died .
it was sad because she hated losing flowers but she hated even more not knowing how to bring them back .
she touched the flowers in order to remove them , but under her touch the dead flowers had become ash .
when she had first saw the man she had thought he was digging up her garden , or digging out her flowers not buried underneath them .
is that what killed my flowers ?
the moment she had asked herself the question she had noticed the narcissus flower standing nice and tall at the bottom of the grave .
she never saw the mysterious flower killer after monday but just to be safe she had cameras on her patio roof to look over the garden and greenhouse .
she is as beautiful as a flower but not as fragile as one .
as everyone started to claim their chairs , her heart started to pick up speed as her flower killer claimed the seat to her left which obviously meant his name was llorel , but azalea did nt care he d always be her flower killer .
as everyone started to claim their chairs , her heart started to pick up speed as her flower killer claimed the seat to her left which obviously meant his name was llorel , but azalea did nt care he d always be her flower killer .
shed scanned everyone in the hall just hoping shed catch a glimpse of her mysterious flower killer .
there s only three people per group and lucky for azalea her group consist of one person she barely know but nearly ran over and her flower killer who knows more about her life than she does and she doubted either one of them would want to present .
i love painting flowers ; they are the only things i can paint to perfection .
i never said that i could nt paint much , i just said i can paint flowers to perfection , everything else is well mediocre , she said taking a peek at his art .
this is more than a flower to you , correct ?
i mean he s right it is more than a flower to me , but i could nt possibly explain why , she thought to herself .
the instructions were to draw a symbol that symbolizes us , and i believe nothing symbolizes me more than this flower .
seeing as though i was named after the flower , i thought that it would be the perfect symbol to symbolize me .
this is why i m surrounded by dandelions , roses , tulips , and daisies and a couple of other rare flowers marigolds , asters , jonquils , narcissus , and rosemary .
azalea looked over at llorel as he named the rare flowers he could recognize .
you know the names of those rare flowers ?
uh kind of , i do nt know i was just painting them but i m pretty sure i ve never actually seen one of these flowers before .
trust me i would know seeing as though i have a garden and a greenhouse i would know whether or not any of these flowers were in it .
ok so you have nt seen these flowers before , but have you ever heard of them ?
no , i ve heard of rosemary but its more of a season in my pantry not a flower .
you never thought that maybe it was a flower too ?
ok heres one , i am extremely angry with you no pissed at you because you had the nerve to kill my flowers and disappear like nothing had happened , and then you appear at the same got dang school as me and act as though you were nt just buried in my dang garden .
ok so start with explaining why you painted the field of flowers ?
so you were named after this flower here ?
ok well heres the problem if you wanted everyone to pay attention to the azalea flower well that wo nt be a problem because its vibrant and smack dab in the center but this flower here , he said pointing to the narcissus , is just as big maybe bigger than the azalea so some may pay more attention to that .
ok well heres the problem if you wanted everyone to pay attention to the azalea flower well that wo nt be a problem because its vibrant and smack dab in the center but this flower here , he said pointing to the narcissus , is just as big maybe bigger than the azalea so some may pay more attention to that .
she did fix it and place the flowers back the way she had them , she had to go out and purchase some of the flowers that had been destroyed but it truly did look as if nothing ever happened .
she did fix it and place the flowers back the way she had them , she had to go out and purchase some of the flowers that had been destroyed but it truly did look as if nothing ever happened .
she had laid out fresh new dirt around the narcissus and filled it with flowers , but she could still see the damage as if nothing had changed .
azalea watched as he knelt down over the newly planted flowers that she had positioned over the grave that had been there .
something weird was going on here first llorel and now some other strangers , what was their connection to her garden and why did they always have to kill her flowers when they touched them ?
the field of flowers she was laying in turned into ash ; she was beyond frightened until someone approached from the shadows .
just what i said there was a grave under a row of flowers and i m pretty sure he was in it .
why is the fact that he killed mostly all of your flowers underlined ?
i was thinking whether or not you truly knew why it was that you were drawn to the narcissus flower and remember you making a comment about me not knowing everything there is to know about you ?
she smelled pretty , like flowers and sunshine .
carried flowers , photos and favorite remembrances to the grave site of the senators wife .
looking around the room at all the baskets and flowers , i pointed asking dad , if he could get me something to eat .
alex stepped away toward a pot of flowers and dug up its soil so as to nab away the keys that were lodged and hidden underneath it .
where almost everyone would use the same old and abused trick of hiding keys under flower pots or even door welcoming mats , he had invented another hard - to - crack game to hide keys in the soil offlower pots .
kris tended and worked on the vegetable garden , then planted flowers and watered them with the utility of a horse - pipe , then set up and framed and painted in consummate white our wooden fence , then cut the overgrown and enormous hedge on the other side of our house , then climbed up on the shabby roof of our house and swept and cleaned it , then unpacked to pack and arrange nicely the stuff and things in her own room .
as i was having lunch in the afternoon with kris outside on the partly uncovered and unclosed verandah where there were flowers of variant species and nature adorning the wooden planes that occupied the place of walls and railings , kris noticed how brilliant and enthusiastic i was .
the path wound around through the flowers , flowering trees , and a couple stone benches .
do you see those flowers growing near the path in the woods ?
what kind of flower are they ?
a red haired boy ran over to the flowers .
that ones only good if you know a lot about flowers , the boy said .
a huge white compound stood in the middle of a green , flower - dotted meadow .
she closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of the flowers .
trees served as a picket from the outside world , the grass was neatly trimmed like it would make a soft green carpet , the bushes and shrubs of flowers that were strategically positioned close to some trees contributed a heavenly aroma that one would take time to stop and appreciate the fragrance .
the yards were well kept , covered in lush , green grass , and the houses had flower gardens in full bloom , some with the stars and stripes and the georgia state flag hanging from their porches .
their large , matching straw sunhats lay next to them , and a plastic tray of flowers sat in the grass nearby , ready to plant .
it was a garden with a young girl holding out a bouquet of flowers to an older woman who was smiling at her .
the gardens were a maze of hedges and paths that wandered beside and through flowers and shrubs , with marble benches interspersed .
before the river , she remembered a woman who laughed and hugged her , who told her stories , who smelled like flowers and who sang .
he changed into loose trousers and tweed jacket , gathered his bedroll and pack of provisions which indeed aunt aila heaped upon him , and he and rilse walked in silence across the grounds of roswood and into the shelter of trees drooped just so over flowers and green lawn .
two flowers in pale dresses .
myrrha could smell the sweetness of a flower whose name teased her memory , could feel the warm breeze touch her face .
she wandered the streets , tasting the sea air , smelling flowers she remembered somehow , seeing banners that felt like before .
rose found myrrha , her arms full of flowers , a garland in her hair .
myrrha colored and scrambled to her feet , scattering flowers to the wind .
well , if you wish your secret , keep it , but you d better leave the flowers alone .
the flowers stood to her thighs and brushed her vanilla skin .
sera placed flowers on his grave and we said a prayer , calistas voice was calmer and she looked up at me briefly shaking her head .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * i could nt imagine how soft kissing a flower petal was and how intense the thirst would be .
i had spoiled this girl ; i always bought her flowers , spent time with her , etc .
a flower would bloom by an innocent childs touch .
lamare bowed when she was a few yards away from the throne , forehead almost touching the floor , her skirts gathering around her like a blooming flower and her right arm outstretched to hand me her dues the scroll for the coming fortnight .
i smiled as i took the flowers and smelled them only to remember a bit too late that i was allergic to flowers .
i smiled as i took the flowers and smelled them only to remember a bit too late that i was allergic to flowers .
i was worried i did nt know you hated flowers so much , he reached out to touch my red , swollen face .
on the main table where i expected wind would be seated , i had flowers arranged on top of the table .
i left mathis with a young girl who i bribed with a bunch of flowers to keep watch over the orphaned boy .
she was still holding the flower .
as she did , the flower fell .
he gave me a similar flower in the morning , and i could nt remember if we sat down near a rose bush .
thank you for the flowers , i said and squeezed his hand .
the flowers started to grow and bloom , travelling across the land , covering the ground with the delicious shades of spring , stretching as far as my eyesight could reach until around me , all i could see was a sea of flowers .
we tend the trees , you make the flowers .
when you grew the flowers , we felt you , he paused .
from where we were hiding , i saw that he was looking concernedly at the flowers scattered all around us .
in front of the chairs was a long block with seven places , each one with a flower wreath draped over it .
mina applauded with the others and tried to smile as ana took her place on the stand to receive her flower wreath for her second first - place finish .
his clothes looked as if they had been stitched from the trees and flowers themselves , crafted together in such a way it would be hard to find him amongst the shrubbery .
it was filled with beautiful wooden furniture and so many flowers it felt like he was still standing outside .
the only thing that seemed out of place was the hundreds of flower garlands that adorned any available space , the scarlet and crimson pink colours glowered like blood splashed across every surface .
these flowers have been hung here .
just more flowers , he answered .
i had seen a way to protect ourselves by using the willa flowers that you saw hung throughout the village and in the tunnels .
gus found the cellar caves which we are now within and for years we have made them safe , harvesting the willa flowers to distract the monsters , so they are unable to find us .
then the destruction began as the werevals finally reached the village , smashing all in sight as they were driven crazy by the smell of the willa flowers ; tearing and ripping anything and everything in their desperate search for their prey they knew laid buried beneath them .
the werevals could smell them , a different scent amongst the reek of the willa flowers .
* * * * * * she reached the first door quickly , a slight breeze carrying the stench of flowers to her nose as she gripped the wooden handle and hefted the heavy door shut with a dull thud .
the feathers she suddenly thought ; that was what the flowers made her think of , the soft fluffy feathers that she had slept on .
the flowers i saw this morning were peacock feathers i just did nt realize it at the time and the next two lines .
he tried to call out ; the sound little more than a whisper but it was as if his lungs were filled with water , his breath coming in short sharp gasps as he struggled against the irrational panic that was overwhelming him , and he fell to his knees , his head suddenly filled with the warm , sweet smell of flowers .
there had been one brief moment when he had seen lizzie that he had faltered ; had longed to reach out to her but that feeling had passed , washed away on a wave of yearning as he was enveloped once more by the sweet smell of flowers and although he could still feel that tiny flicker of remorse buried within him it was now quickly being smothered as the rush of energy flowed through him , washing away all the fear , the hurt , the guilt , that had been eating away at him for years .
she reached out desperately trying to grab it again , the waves of excruciating agony washing over her ; the strong smell of flowers filling her nostrils , but her hand was stopped , pinned to the floor by lucas heavy boot .
* * * * * * cass was waiting for lizzie as she stepped out into the lush flower gardens at the rear of the castle , her amazement at her surroundings finally overshadow by the sheer pleasure of seeing him again , and as she bounded down the steps towards him , her face smiling with excitement , she was thrilled to see the large dragon smile back .
lizzie turned briefly registering for the first time that she had now reached the top of the steps and was standing on the narrow platform that she had thought looked like a flower petal .
but before she could dwell on it further she was scooped up in a huge hug , the familiar smell of willa flower filling her nostrils .
i sat on the porch in an old , rusty piece of lawn furniture , the kind with the vines and flowers on the armrests and the metal mesh seat that seems to massage you while you sit .
the metals shredding like the flower petals in the wintertime .
i view an oak tree and a flower garden from the third level , fingers the door .
each girl has their eyelashes closed facing the pretty flower pattern wall of peeling paper .
i see a round brown seedling beside an orange - colored flower pot with no soil in front of me .
grow flowers , today .
grow me some flowers !
after you have completed it you may keep the flower pot or give the flower pot to someone else .
after you have completed it you may keep the flower pot or give the flower pot to someone else .
it drops numerous seedlings into my flower pot when i smile .
the hand holds and hovers the brown rock over my flower pot when the voice says above my skull .
britton hovers his rock over the growing flowers repeating the word to the seedlings .
all the seedlings into my flower pot pop into various colored rose buds forming a big bouquet of flowers , when i giggle and smile .
all the seedlings into my flower pot pop into various colored rose buds forming a big bouquet of flowers , when i giggle and smile .
i hold the flower pot deciding where to display my roses when yachel enters the room .
i sit the flowers on the night stand , smiling .
rule number two : you can not turn a fairy into a toady frog or a rose flower or another object .
after you have played with the wheel barrow and the toys we will move outside with your wheel barrow then lifts some flowers , rocks then boulders .
it was fun when britton surprised with removing my warts then the pot of flowers the next day .
i am not picky as long as it is not an ancient tree , a lonely plant bush , or a pretty delicate flower gable smiles and stands , clapping .
pictures of my friends were tacked up on my walls , dried flowers from past occasions hung from my ceiling , and yesterdays dirty clothes spilled from my hamper .
dogwood flowers are my favorite .
he picks one from a nearby tree and brushes my hair back to gently put the flower behind my ear .
i walk by dellas flower shop on the way and said hello to the owner , molly .
by the way , several more flower arrangements were just delivered , including a huge vase of yellow roses .
she hugged the yellow roses , her favorite flower in the world , then looked out at the emptying room .
clutching her flowers , she slowly walked down the three steps to floor level .
daniels thumb grazed the flowers tongue .
best we the flower snapped shut around daniels hand .
daniel howled at the flower covering his hand .
nikolas bolted across the room and grabbed the flower squeezing his cheek .
do nt disturb the flowers !
even now , lone lynneyellow flowers pulsed open and closed , looking for another victim to grab .
dangusgrand stomped one of the lynneyellow flowers into a bloody messsee about proper bedding for xanthus and helen .
brandy dropped a bouquet , trying to wipe flower pollen from her eyes .
brandy whipped her head around , the flower swinging after .
after a particularly long and chilly lesson under father frost , she was met with a horde of serenadium flowers bellowing at the foot of the huron school house steps .
helen squashed nearly fifty flowers on her way to rug , but that did nt stop the other three - hundred from chasing her down .
it was supposed to be a surprise , brandy moved her head up , her squatter flower bent sideways .
it stood set apart from the dilapidated neighbors , a flower in the icy squalors of old huron .
brandy plopped down , her squatter flower bouncing with her .
there were luscious - looking scones that she must in all probability have baked last night and cupcakes and buns stationed in bowls of chilied and scented - like - smelling soup with petals of flowers dipped and drenched in it .
she wore her usual print flower dress and horn - rimmed glasses , which was steamed up by a ceramic bowl teetering in her clutches .
the heather his only shelter from capture had almost betrayed him , the scented flowers pollinated his nostrils , which tickled with the air as he breathed , had anyone ever seen a snake sneeze before ?
he wrinkled his nose to prevent the sneeze that threatened him , he hated these damn flowers .
in fact , nobody in alberta grew any flowers , with the exception of dandelions .
that message would be signed flower lover .
all decked out in flower beds , water features and tiny lights that light up the large space .
they walked up a dirt path surrounded by flowers .
you know the lily is my favorite flower . ''
it is on my way back that i hear my mother 's voice in my head when i walk past a flower shop , i can hear her yelling at me if you do n't go and pick the poor girl up , the least you could do is buy her some flowers , you little man , i laugh afterwards , i remember when she used to use that voice tone , i miss it .
it is on my way back that i hear my mother 's voice in my head when i walk past a flower shop , i can hear her yelling at me if you do n't go and pick the poor girl up , the least you could do is buy her some flowers , you little man , i laugh afterwards , i remember when she used to use that voice tone , i miss it .
i walk into the flower store and the lady behind the desk knows exactly that i have no idea of what i ' m doing here .
when i get back in the deserted room i realize that my last walk around barcelona has taken me longer than i anticipated , so i get my clothes out , i make sure they look alright and not too stupid for a party , i put the flowers on the bed and walk straight into the bathroom .
she smiles at me and takes my flowers with a ridiculously beautiful smile .
my freshly picked flowers flew out of my hand and into the air .
daddy had nt seen me wear a fancy dress in years , not since i was a flower girl in our cousin winonas wedding when i was ten .
i reached over and pulled the frilly flower out of what now appeared to be a large floral arrangement that sat atop a marble pedestal .
the flower petals felt soothing as i twirled its stem , allowing them to caress my skin .
now , the only thing that lay before my eyes was a very ticked - off redhead , waving a bunch of flowers in my face .
the lavender spider mum i d focused on was from one of the countless flower baskets scattered around the somber space .
just as the flower landed on his casket , i made my father one final vow .
there were families taking pictures with the mickey shaped flower garden in front of the station as the background , and dizzys mom was reaching in her purse for her camera .
they stayed clear of the weary travelers , dressed in clothes of pure white , pruning trees and hedges , watering flowers , pulling weeds .
these flowers , and many more that were far beyond peytons ability to comprehend , let alone describe , were beautifully placed all around the field , made up of so many colors that peyton did nt even know existed .
i ve always been comforted by plants and flowers .
not taking his eyes from peytons , darius watched her until the vortex closed and he found himself staring out across a field full of flowers .
darius stared out across the beautiful field of flowers , listening to the breeze rustle the leaves of the trees and watching the flowers sway gently .
i brought you some flowers ... just so you know that i have nt forgotten you .
she knelt down and laid the flowers on top of both of their head stones .
even the flowers she brushed up against immediately withered away and crumbled .
she was like a flower in a weed patch among the scruffs who frequent the art school , and for some reason , for just one brief moment , i felt conscious of my paint stained jeans and torn tee shirt .
asked virginia , and when he told her a splodgy flower was what he was thinking of she should have walked away .
what kind of man would want a splodgy flower on his wall ?
the van bumped over the kerb and across pedestrian shopping areas , dodging the benches and the concrete flower tubs .
when are you going to handcuff the flowers , too ? '
the one who wants the flowers handcuffed , ' said the policewoman .
in between these interruptions virginia sat josh on a red velvet couch , some dried flowers by his side , and took photographs from all angles .
we stomp down the steps into the flower garden then the parking lot of ships .
he stops and studies the outside flower garden , exhaling .
i nod , wanting to smell fresh dirt , grass , and pretty flowers .
you may change out of your future wedding dress , while rann orders my future wedding cake , flowers , and groom .
i giggle accepting the flowers and box of chocolate .
i giggle accepting the flowers and the box of chocolate .
i hold ranns hand walking among the beautiful flower gardens behind the ugly agri castle .
i giggle and enter stomping into the room , viewing two long sofas , a table of food with two chairs , the hanging wedding gown beside the table , my tiara , and my flower bouquet , and a vanity with three mirrors for seeing me .
my bouquet of tiny white rosebuds stands in an upright flower holder on the table , not ready to perform .
there is no ground , grass or lawn with flowers .
we use masers , not t - powers to cut a narrow path through the thick jungle of overgrowth of branch limbs , tree roots , flower vines and thick shrub plants .
i smell , not the fragrance of roses , carnations , daisies , tulips or buttercups , we walk down the hill through the flat meadow of flowers then down into the dark soil .
this is a horse race consisting of the steeple , the river , the barrel , the tree and bushes with the flowers and finally the rescue of a lady .
i dash out of the auditorium , into the hallway , down the corridor into the pretty flower atrium .
no time , lowers me to the tile then jerks my hand towards through the flowers .
inside the glass covered flower atrium , lulu is struck by down a blue lightning bolt , when it penetrates the glass .
she pictured black tattoos sprouting on her arms , the image of flowers and curving swirls .
all i see is just some woman holding flowers in a field in that painting !
the old coot was making him wilt flowers !
concentrate on the flowers , bozo .
the flowers are the enemy , destroy them now !
kotak sighed and roared , i m trying , but flowers are nt exactly the type of people i would call the enemy .
now , wilt the flowers or i will take you on my knee and spank you !
kotak sighed in frustration and wilted the flowers using the power of his mind .
however , kotak ruined such pleasant thoughts for yaggee as he looked up and arrogantly proclaimed , there , i wilted your flowers , thus completing this tedious and irrelevant task .
they soon found a lovely public garden and walked down the brick path , before veering off to smell the flowers and splash water on each other at the pond , laughing .
come on , i remember that whole argument we had over wilting the flowers .
peering through the darkness , she noticed the bushes lining the dead grass yard needed trimming , the thinly branched tree in the front stood naked of leaves , and mounds of dried up flowers filled the flower bed under the front window .
peering through the darkness , she noticed the bushes lining the dead grass yard needed trimming , the thinly branched tree in the front stood naked of leaves , and mounds of dried up flowers filled the flower bed under the front window .
he led her through the low grass and late summer flowers bowing their sleepy heads to the earth , closed for the night .
she always pictured this moment taking place in a bed with pretty pastel flower sheets trimmed with lace and romantic kisses like the notebook or the lucky one .
i drop a dried purple flower into the water , where it floats .
every day i ran out into the fields , inhaling the scent of pine wood and blossoming flowers .
i glance around trying to place the cause of disturbance , before sauntering to the same patch of flowers i had seen last time .
i heard that thalien has a birthmark on his bum in the shape of a flower , said quilyn before letting out a loud laugh .
contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 acknowledgements about the author chapter 1 i used to dream of flowers , all kinds of it .
i wanted to find that question , the answers hidden on the colorful flowers that i used to gather in the garden .
two hours before school , i was holding my tiny , green watering can , tilting to water the flowers , when i saw a gray - eyed boy , standing near the roses , sniffing .
it was him who took great responsibility in entertaining our guests , patched up the withered flowers from mothers coffin , and wiped away my tears with a handkerchief , but after that i never saw him cry in front of his stepmother .
it waved at me , and vanished in the air , showering golden pollen dust on the flowers .
she wore a blue , flower - patterned kimono , her hands resting on her lap , and her brown hair twisted into braids , decorated with flower clips .
she wore a blue , flower - patterned kimono , her hands resting on her lap , and her brown hair twisted into braids , decorated with flower clips .
he s like a flower .
he is like a flower , silent , but loyal in the end , and maybe you ll understand him someday .
never think that , and if you do , hell neglect you , like the flowers .
the flowers were disappearing ; everything was getting blurry , and mom was fading away .
to my relief , i m dressed in my loose , flower - patterned t - shirt and green pajamas .
a flower , i thought .
the sunflower spirit was near my garden , singing with the other flower spirits i saw lingering outside the mansion .
a flower , huh ?
my lips were trembling , pale as white and he smelled good , not cigarettes , but the scent of flowers .
then the flower spirits popped out from the bushes , smiling and giggling happily .
her green emerald eyes sparked when she smiled , appreciating the flowers and opened her palm , where a single cherry blossom petal dropped .
you are a very precious chrysanthemum flower , a rare one that can save other people .
the flowers were plucked out from their stems , leaving a large amount of dirt stained on the granite house steps .
vases had fallen on the ground , with broken flower petals spreading across the floor .
she wore her favorite , green garden kimono , with her hair decorated with flower pins .
green lights floated in the air , matching the shapes of garden spirits that popped behind the flowers .
i saw sun waving her leafy hand at me , along with flower spirits from the garden .
i had never seen flowers recreate .
the familiar scent of golden flowers , the beautiful dresses that she used to wear , and the serious face she had .
a thick , yellow gas that smelled kind of like flowers or something .
using the full length of the spear he reached out and touched one of the flowers .
` ` you 're gon na do exactly as i _ '' the arms - man cut off as an arrow seemed to bloom like a maroon and black flower in his right eye .
now she did car shows , and flower shows , and whatever this was .
flowers and smaller plants run along the outer edges and sit in wood containers on top of wooden risers .
so i guess ill need to teach you the difference between weeds and flowers .
it looks like an old ink drawing of a beautiful woman with flowers in her long wavy hair .
there was a glass of water and some flowers .
thomas seemed to flush a bit when he noticed her looking at the flowers .
the old cobblestone streets were lined with gas lanterns , each with flowing flowers of every colour under the sun planted in ornate metal boxes hanging along side .
men were buying flowers for their ladies , and elder couples were walking hand in hand along the lake shore .
i use my sword to cut bushes out of my way as i gather flowers for rhoda .
dropping the flowers i gathered , i charge and slay everyone in my path as they lay unassuming and defenseless in the dirt .
its been years since the pot held flowers .
how did these flowers bloom in this dreary season ?
fwtang is a lush green world of forests , drinking rivers , food crops , plant fields , and flower valleys housing almost the entire population of fwtanians .
our planet river contains water and fish and plants and flowers flowing in the direction of north to south .
surrounding each archway between the double doors the moon artists have fashioned three dimensional colored flower bushes , tall brown palm trees and short grasslets made of shiny ceramic colored moon dust which never dies or overgrows into your sewer system .
that s why we have such pretty colors outside around the archway and fake flowers and plants and inside my bedroom which is colored orange .
a single tossed light at an object can float the object from point a to point b or blinks in colors as it drones the reply to a vocally posed question such like flower gardening , spinner piloting or scanning the galaxy for pulsating quasars .
he would nt let them pet his hostile mu - mu chicks that like to attack the pretty flower beds on the front porch .
he flies with a horizontal body and outspread arms over the landscape , viewing the overflowing twin water streams covering most of the grass , bushes , plants and flowers .
botchee stomps into the manicured grass passed the pretty planted colorful flower garden .
my new adventure is coming soonest without me , i whack the weeds in the flower bed at his house .
i kick the flower then watch it die from my violent action .
to combat the sniffles and sneezes , yamhill constantly wears a flower attached to his suite inhaling the sweet odor and natural enzymes to clean his crusted eyes and green nasal discharge .
the sun had already faded from the sky by the time he pulled into john ss suburban neighborhood , marveling at the palatial houses with their rolling expanses of well - tended lawns and flower beds .
my mother was nt a goblin , and she adored flowers .
they love flowers .
i stuck my face into the wind to enjoy the smell of sea air and flowers .
somewhere ahead i could smell flowers .
at the front of the garden , an archway leading up the drive was covered with vines and yet more flowers .
i did nt know the names of any of the flowers except the lilies , but i had a sudden pounding desire to learn about them .
i had no idea why the flowers fascinated me , but i could nt take my eyes away from them .
she was already walking away from me down those stunning gravel paths lined with flowers .
i did nt want to follow her ; i hardly dared to disturb the flowers .
who needed carley when i had these wonderful flowers ?
then i could stay here in the garden , sitting on the bench with the flowers .
as an afterthought i said , i did nt know anyone could get high on flowers .
as i followed my hands movement i saw the flowers bend to meet it , as if they had the same desire to embrace me that i had to embrace them .
looking down at the hand i had used to touch the flowers , i was only mildly surprised to see that it was covered in a rainbow of sparkling colors .
you ca nt eat flowers .
its not the flowers , i said indignantly , angry that shed kept me from what i wanted to do and embarrassed that shed found me out .
what was i thinking , obsessing over flowers and devouring their wonderful smells as if they were candy ?
i had never cared about flowers before today .
two years ago a guy had given me flowers and i had forgotten to water them and they had all died .
relief washed over me as it drowned out the smell of the flowers .
everything that was wrong my parents divorce , being sent away for the summer faded away in a swirl of colorful flowers .
considering the reaction i had just had , i knew i should nt cut back through the garden , but my body told me there was no other choice , and every bit of me fizzed with excitement at the prospect of being among the flowers again .
i could feel the pull of the flowers , now cast in evening shadows , but i no longer had the stunning urge to build a flower crown , put it in my hair , and dance around as if i did nt have a care in the world .
i could feel the pull of the flowers , now cast in evening shadows , but i no longer had the stunning urge to build a flower crown , put it in my hair , and dance around as if i did nt have a care in the world .
there were more paths , and more of them seemed to lead to benches with canopies of flowers instead of back to the street .
to make matters worse ( if you could call it bad to be alone with an attractive guy , surrounded by flowers ) , i was pretty sure he was staring at me .
now the flowers i passed meant nothing .
and with that he turned around and disappeared among the flowers .
without a word he reached into a flower bed at the side of one the building we were passing .
he plucked out a gorgeous blue flower and gently stroked the petals before he handed it to me .
the flower instantly cheered me up a bit and i thanked him for it .
when i turned to go inside i noticed that all of carleys moms flowers surrounding the house seemed to be glowing .
i fell asleep with lots of questions about flowers running through my head .
i have to run to the flower shop and pick up more arrangements , she continued , looking at me this time .
crossing my fingers that he would nt take offense i asked , what s with you and the flowers ?
all the flowers around you , like , i do nt know .
i did nt even care that all the flowers in the place smelled fantastic now .
like the airport and the flowers and my getting stalked .
plus , it did nt explain the way flowers reacted to holt or why the air always felt a little colder when samuel was in the room .
i was really proud of myself for actually knowing the name of a flower .
what was he doing bringing me flowers right now ?
the flowers were nt for me .
i would tell you to just sit somewhere else , but i know how much you wanted to sit here , she gushed to me , still holding the flowers .
the flowers were stuck in the front of her apron .
was i jealous , because he d never given me flowers ?
the flowers never left her apron .
it was too much for one night , seeing samuel , my mom calling , holt giving flowers to the waitress and then another almost fight .
i could nt wait to talk to her about the restaurant olivia and the flowers , and running into samuel and about holt afterwards , but i did nt get a chance .
i went through a list that included the flowers , peoples strange reaction to him , the fight with samuel , his sudden desire not to have anything to do with me , and now the mud just sliding off him as if it was never there .
the floor was wood , covered by a massive carpet with a flower design : a single rose .
stuff with flowers , stuff with people , all the girls i hang out with .
after the vines had settled , flowers followed them .
the bench was now covered with a cushion of flowers , so much so that i could nt even see the original stones underneath .
i m part of the summer kingdom court here , which explains the flowers and people being happy to see me ; it has to do with the smell of the flowers on me .
i m part of the summer kingdom court here , which explains the flowers and people being happy to see me ; it has to do with the smell of the flowers on me .
do nt they wear tights and crowns of flowers or something ?
but another part of me whispered that he d just made flowers grow to blooming in seconds out of thin air .
people just sort of smiled and bounced around him when they saw him , the flowers reached for him , if you looked closely you saw designs under his skin .
we love beautiful colors and physical growth and warmth as we express through flowers , among other things , he said , his voice rising with pleasure .
because he does nt have the same effect on flowers and people , i said , remembering that the only really unusual thing about samuel had been the cold .
i sat in the garden for a long time , staring at the bench holt had covered in flowers .
carley had grown immune over the years with the protection of the salty air , but it was the first time i d been exposed to fairy flowers .
all along the waters edge nothing grew but weeds and grass , but a little further up the slope there was a field of flowers .
i d been so caught up in the flowers and lights that i had nt even looked at susan or holt while they were doing it .
now it was time to walk through the flowers again .
the men and women in white jackets sat in a half circle on one side of the back courtyard , surrounded by flowers .
everywhere i looked there were flowers .
he smelled great , his usual mint and mix of flowers .
chapter twenty the next morning i woke up in my bed at carleys house , coming to awareness slowly out of a dream of flowers growing in the snow .
as usual , all the flowers around carleys house reached for him .
we are in our element , with the warmth and the flowers .
peter smith , do not steal flowers from the vases of the exhibition .
unlike you , he never gave me flowers all those years .
like most of the other houses on the street , it was set slightly back from the road behind a neat lawn and well - tended flower borders .
still holding hands , they dashed across the lawns , leapt over box hedging , uncaringly crashed through flowers beds .
why would someone give this kind of flowers ?
i stepped away from the flowers before it scares the hell out of me .
you re just a flower .
the whole day went drastic because the flowers did scare the hell out of me .
i can not let someone else bring flowers for you , he looked at me and i swear that made me breathless .
because you re like the sun and a flower , he smiled before holding my hand and leading me near the railing .
and you re like a flower because you deserve all the love and care of the world .
i m not really interested in flowers and perfume like some girls .
as i huddled in my cloak beside my beloveds grave , i found the topic of my melodies turning more and more to the new life i saw emerging around me : thirsty flower petals unfolding to sample the dew at dawn , a hard - working robin building its nest in the sunshine , cheerful crickets chirping messages to their friends in the falling dusk .
i have not even a single stem of rose flower on my hands neither do i have any blingblings .
zahra , meaning blooming flower , was a name given to me by my parents .
they d said time and time again that i was their little blooming flower .
my room overlooked the central courtyard where flowers and fruits and vegetables were grown .
i pinned the hair above my left ear back slightly and placed the lotus flower there that was given to me by jahir .
i removed my necklace , ankle bracelet , dress , sandals and flower from my hair , and slipped into a comfortable yellow , cotton nightgown .
one by one , each person placed their flower or candle lit pot in the flowing river , saying a little prayer to the gods .
our backyard was filled with fruit trees , grass , flowers and a vegetable garden .
but we already paid for the limo and all the clothes and flowers .
i recall seeing a rather large , mythical looking lotus flower floating effortlessly in the water .
wow , i ve never gotten flowers at work before .
i bit my lip and grinned at my flowers and note , once more .
thank you for my amazing flowers and note taylor .
there were flowers on the round maple dining table in a small nook next to the perfectly sized , upgraded kitchen .
i placed my flowers in a vase i found under the kitchen sink and admired them once more .
my journal is under my bed in a wooden box with flower designs .
as i opened the first page i noticed an old , dried out , preserved flower .
with closer inspection , i noticed it was a lotus flower .
i placed the flower back into the journal and placed the journal back into the box .
there was a dried flower in the book and a title , i recalled .
what a pretty flower .
everything that i ve shared with you recently , my dreams , my near death experience , the lotus bowl and the lotus flowers echo gave me .
no one has ever given me a lotus flower , ever !
what s her deal with all those flowers ?
he let out a sigh , then concentrated on taking in the whole scene , memorizing the subtle shades of the stone , the stillness of the trees , the shady spots and the light gilding the rich blue of a flower he did not recognize , and another plant with many small branches topped by pink blooms .
they saw what appeared to be a faint path off to one side , and started down it , chatting happily about picking some flowers on the way home .
the little blue flower shook with my hand .
he pondered the rock for a moment then with only a moment 's pause he casually moved from the door to the flower bed to the bushes where i hid .
before i could work up the courage to go and knock on the door , an old man came out and started watering the flowers outside his door .
when he had watered the last flower he came down to the edge of his small yard and opened the mail box .
there was a tiny table with a wilted flower in a cup resting on it with a basin with water in it up against the wall , and a stack of blankets next to it .
jacob dropped me off at the room with the lotus flower picture .
i loved her rooster - themed country - style decor and the flower box out front .
but no one tends to dear old aunt dee 's flower box .
even flowers in full bloom have a bad day , but a bee eventually comes by and lands on it .
i glanced at the evil suspects , a group of floundering females , twisting and twirling as if they were zombie bees lusting after the nectar of a flower that would keep them alive .
guess who played the flower ?
should i buy myself some flowers ?
he s sent over some flowers , but i understand he s busy .
7 little pink flowers budded on the tree limbs over my head as i sat on a cement park bench , down the street from the house i 'd just rented , waiting for gabe to drop off the keys to me .
the times , from just a few months previously , carried a story about ballistic - tongued salamanders and hugely intricate flowers new to science , discovered in costa rica .
she remained sitting on the floor for a long time , picking petals off of flowers , until she felt it safe to leave her hideout .
emma walked a couple of steps ahead and , from time to time , stopped to bend over and pick up flowers or plants which she carefully placed in jars that she had in her backpack .
the flowers crunched under their feet as they came to a halt in front of the peeling door .
it sounded like the flowers screeched , like they were screaming in agony with each crunch .
phillip knew that she remembered her last experience with the flower that almost chewed off her foot .
as the water engulfed him , his lungs opened like a flower greeting the morning caress of the sun .
they looked at the ashes of the flowers on the path .
if they brought any flower , any bowl , any implement , up into the room , then with a touch olwen would sense its vibrations , its flux , its connections with all life around it : and , as in a swirling of stars , like hawthorn blossom stripped and raised higher and higher in a whirling wind , its very threads of being would leap into her hands .
i sprint and the moss is spongy under my feet and the sweet smell of flowers is overwhelming .
mom hands me the flowers .
thanks for the flowers ; they re beautiful .
we walk for a good fifteen minutes before we hit a clearing and i see a field of flowers ; the flowers had the same scent as the ones i smelled before we swam through the stream .
we walk for a good fifteen minutes before we hit a clearing and i see a field of flowers ; the flowers had the same scent as the ones i smelled before we swam through the stream .
i try to smile when i see the flowers setting on the table by the bed .
she looked at the flower garden , and her face lit up .
dressed in a black sweat suit with a hood over his head , he worked in the flower garden caring for the plants .
as their mother started toward the driveway , she stopped to feast her eyes on the manicured flower bed .
she took a look , and there was todd in the garden weeding the flowers .
i want to add more flowers to the bed in front of the house , but i m not sure which ones i should buy .
they re called blanket flowers .
he looked over his shoulder at the flowers on the floor behind them .
i d like to , but i promised your father i d have these flowers in the ground before dark .
and can you put a little water on those flowers we picked up today ?
a ballerina popped up and danced to waltz of the flowers , a song from tchaikovskys nutcracker ballet .
we chose that melody because she was our little flower .
i heard tchaikovskys waltz of the flowers .
i was on my way out front to do some work in the flower garden .
its cutting off flowers that have faded .
its todd , the flower freak .
so you want to fight , flower girl ?
he likes to sneak out at night and play with flowers .
a once flourishing flower had begun to wilt .
for the next couple of weekends she spent all of her time planting flowers in pots on the porch , which now overflowed with geraniums , begonias , and salvia in pinks , whites , and especially in her favorite , reds .
after work , she sat on the porch in the evenings , looking at the flowers and sipping wine , generally for hours .
sitting for hours every night on a porch starring at flowers and sipping wine was maybe not such a good long - term plan .
the little boy from vietnam wanted a flower .
they brought her flowers , they brought her gifts .
beyond it , a driveway of new asphalt was divided by a string of beautiful flower gardens .
vigneault may have taken advantage of women , but he did not strike me as a wilting flower .
even in the day - time when he tried to speak of some sparkling new idea as she gardened , she would not stop to listen , but said , i find truth in the soil of our garden and the flowers and vegetables , my love , not in some book .
but men are lazy ; they would rather pick flowers than learn how to grow them .
and about its banks all the padmasta flowers opened and turned to adore her , their pearly white petals tinged blue in the moonlight .
plucking the white bud of the flower , she looked at it sadly as it lay in the palm of her hand .
you can only grow flowers in a greenhouse .
the same thing happened when punks replaced hippies at the end of the summer of love , and the flower children switched to hard drugs .
the flowers shed planted on either side of the front walk completed this effect , and made me feel like an alien as i walked up to the front door .
the coffee table had a vase with some glass flowers in it and two issues of better homes and gardens and a greenpeace newsletter .
i did nt know what to do and i stood there holding the flowers like a dope .
she took the flowers from me and went into the little kitchen area at the back of the guardhouse .
will you take the path of gold that turns to coal or the path of needles that turns to flowers ?
look , flower , you have a choice .
see you later , flower .
look , flower , how are you going to find out who should be king in two days ?
i will be laughing among flowers in heaven , waiting for you .
` ` you are insane , flower .
i walked to the window , asking asaph , ` ` by the way , why do you call me flower ? ''
i did , seeing flower designs at the cuffs .
looking , i realized i wore a dark grey tunic with red flower cuffs , a red collar , and a gold moon on my back .
` ` why flowers ? ''
` ` in her dream , there was a little girl who picked red flowers , '' he traced his fingers over the flower cuffs , ` ` they wilted in her hands and the ground below the child 's feet transformed into needles .
` ` in her dream , there was a little girl who picked red flowers , '' he traced his fingers over the flower cuffs , ` ` they wilted in her hands and the ground below the child 's feet transformed into needles .
` ` i used to think if i stopped you from pulling the flowers , none of this would happen .
do nt underestimate him , flower .
a vase of flowers sat in the corner , in the shade .
looking far into the street , i noticed every table had a little vase and flowers sitting in the shade .
in the past millennia of tradition , there were never flowers .
there were flowers this time .
asaph reached into the bouquet of pick a red flower .
she told ever merchant , every ironworker , everyone that if they would put their support in whatever decision the pipers made they must put a vase flowers on their family table .
where did they get all these flowers ?
but after the exiled prince left , flowers started blooming there .
i went to touch the flower , but something in me retracted my hand .
` ` that 's far enough , flower .
` ` this is n't you , flower .
can you hear me , flower ?
you re awake , flower .
she spoke to the wolf , saying , i do like flowers .
the road may be painful and there are those who will try thwart me , but i want flowers to surround me one day .
i choose the path of needles that turns to flowers .
exotic flowers lined the pavement , most of which bloomed vibrantly , further enforcing the belief that israel lay far behind .
the whole family , they were all as unique as snowflakes , or flowers .
he gave me flower bouquets filled with blue irises , my favourite , and roses , daisies and all sorts of different varieties to fill my room .
jessie had also brought me my favourite flowers , blue irises , in a little bouquet with a purple bow tied around them .
after our date , we had our second kiss , not counting the peck on the cheek i gave him when he gave me the flowers .
greetings cards , flowers , and photographs of scantily clad women in provocative poses , would often accompany these messages .
it was dark and ominous and then all at once the light opened like a flowers petals .
she had finally gotten comfortable thinking of daniel , he had said she was his , she could handle that , being his and only hisshe drifted and felt her spirit and body actually disconnectshe was in a field of purple flowers , the smell of lavender reminded her of the bath salts her mom used .
she noticed how her mom was just as bright as all her flowers , full of life and color , she tripped and realized her mom hadn`t noticed .
caleb was surprised at the sudden change surrounding him , he thought she was imagining things ; they were in a huge flower garden he saw a pretty petite women sitting on a rock , staring into a pond at some colorful fish .
he was distracted already she noticed his mind wandering , i have a fish , they need water , he announced suddenly just as she thought she would have to explain again , he let go of her hand as he ran ahead stopping when he came to some grass growing and a few wild flowers sewa i found wife , see i found it , now what ?
she turned her calm , serious eyes on me , as though i d spoken to her in the language of flowers .
but rosemary and i were thinking we d slip out and look for some flowers !
garlic was crazy for flowers !
none of it flowers !
so many of them shrouded in flowers .
would he dare steal flowers ?
tipped up against the poinciana was a wheelbarrow which , judging by its squeaky wheel , was not happy about being shifted by a flower flogger .
and if i had nt already been as annoyed as hell about so many things having to lurk in the parking lot to steal flowers for a dead goat was not the worst of them that name alone would have ruined the rest of my weekend .
look fast because in two minutes , these hands are going to be off snatching flowers .
* * * in amaltheas living room , the air quickly became soupy with the aroma of pilfered flowers .
some boys set fire to the tiger moth when i was getting the flowers !
getting the flowers !
we all looked at garlic , laid out and surrounded by the remnants of stolen flowers .
* * * still on the plastic sheet in the middle of the living room floor , surrounded by nibbled flowers and burnt candles , in the dreamless sleep that should never end , the lolly - bombed and murdered garlic shudders invisibly and points his mind at the curious bleating of his old friend and partner , rosemary .
i thought of the flowers i d stolen and said a silent thankyou to rosemary , who d finished them off for breakfast .
he s my gift ; my proof that god can and does wash away evil calls flowers forth , even from filth .
if i could have just sat and listened to the preacher man , thought tom , the purple - scarved preacher would have soothed the volume in my head , kept out any demons , but instead i ran from the body of jason boston , jr . and nobody saw me sitting there on the carpeted flower stool ; only the chosen can hear the messages .
patty sat on the plastic chair as lab techs and nurses with different patterns of flowers on their scrubs walked by .
it would nt matter if sam could nt draw and created disfigured flowers or rabbits that you could nt really tell were rabbits , tom and patty could still let her draw new life all over the scene on the wall .
the weeds around it were thigh high , obscuring the heaps of faded plastic flowers covering the massive stone base .
he did n't bring no flowers , '' versey observed .
` ` who brings flowers anyway , i ask you ? ''
` ` when does anybody bring us flowers ? ''
if he had really cared , he would have brought decent flowers , not just those weeds . ''
marcus could think of a lot worse places to stay than peregoth , ancient founding city of the empirethough now her glory was faded like a flower in autumn , and the center of power had moved mainland , she still held a place in the hearts of men .
when he finally climbed up into the dark , half - burned shack in the shade of a mansion , the outside air smelled like flowers in spring .
zhenya could buy me flowers and presents , take me to the cinema we like each others company , so why not ?
we should visit her with a box of good chocolates and some flowers , let her talk about the good old times , and tell her some exciting stories about the life of some stars .
there was no dusty doormat either , instead , the floor was covered with a big cream carpet , and there were two matching antique tables in the corners , each with a vase of flowers .
they entered into a courtyard , quiet and serene , perfumed with the scent of flowers growing in small plots here and there .
it was comfortable enough , and soon she drifted off , dreaming of flowers and birds and ocean waves , and a faceless young man named edak .
her hands and the flower fell to her lap .
he recalled the visit now as he walked back to the docks : the day was hot , and even the flowers in califias braids drooped in the mugginess .
i came back with money , cigarettes , booze and some flowers to cheer them up .
a few old tires served as flower pots that led to a wooden banya beyond which was the well and at the far corner an outhouse .
she smelled like a flower in bloom in the spring , like the roses in our front yard .
i would love to live here and not have a thing to worry about , but i guess that even a flower patch full of beautiful flowers had its bugs .
i would love to live here and not have a thing to worry about , but i guess that even a flower patch full of beautiful flowers had its bugs .
and what is this big flower looking thing on the shoulder .
and wil , i can see something in you , you have something special and it 's like a flower in bud .
this flower will take you to new places , new thoughts , new beginnings and that flower will multiply into many flowers and blooms for others to see , touch and smell .
some simple , and just a cross , but others with flowers and the name marked onto the cross , each accident , and its own history and with the roadside , an ending .
utopias , earthly paradises , and earthly hells are flowers of the imagination which continue to blossom and luxuriate even in the midst of the stoniest dates and documents , even within the fixed and narrow boundaries of established fact .
with felt pride in his admirable daughters , he steps forward , embracing his eldest and says , desire ; the strongest , brightest flower born of the primary force of nature !
she whispered excitedly , just sitting there he s like a flower !
i mean , does a flower bloom as if it were a flower ?
i mean , does a flower bloom as if it were a flower ?
but desire was drawn back to her flower .
gently withdrawing his hands from desires and extending them out to her , with palms up , he begins , man gathers flowers , his heart set on pleasure .
man gathers flowers , his heart set on pleasure .
i see some are carrying flowers .
and when , on one occasion , you presented to me the flowers you had brought from the town , a sweet and thoughtful gesture , did i not accept them most happily , enjoying their scent and beauty ?
he plastered a fake smile on , tossed a bunch of flowers on the bed next to me , and left the room .
at eight he climbed out his bedroom window in the middle of the night , shimmied down a tree and led a few of the neighbors milk cows to his teachers house liberally fertilizing her flower beds just because he liked her .
a beds a bed , even if its a flower bed , winked mavis through a haze of cigarette smoke , and poured coffee .
the summer heat had turned springs flowers into husks of fleeting memory , marking a full year since poncey had worked a steady job .
the heavy sweetness of flowers hit poncey in the nose as he entered first church .
maybe if he dropped his flower plant on one of their heads , then rushed down and offered to represent them in a case against the guy who dropped it ?
trudys smile broadened , as she absently picked a flower out of a vase by the door , and crushed it mercilessly .
oh , just anything unusual , said trudy , crushing another helpless flower .
manuel , you know i ca nt do the altar flowers the 2nd and 4th sundays because i am at the soup kitchen those daysyes , i can still do 1st and 3rd sundayswell , the breast cancer walk is organizing something on that day but ill see if i can clear some space , why do nt you email me ?
soon , teddies mom spent her evenings and weekends planting flowers in pots on the porch .
a lot of flowers actually , a wild array of types and colors that created a bouquet that made one blink in wonder , and she realized with a smile that the bouquet looked like her .
i have nt smelled a flower in thirty years .
so , to complete the story , my mother was in our little square garden planting flowers in a window box , of all things .
but one day , she could nt stand the noise of the door , got mad and thrown us her flower pots .
she was so into her flowers , i remember .
as soon as he sees me , he is being afraid of me and runs away , mingles in with his close relatives and lets the expensive flowers fly between apples .
the flowers are also brightened like they are stolen away from the flower shops , with special liquids on them .
the flowers are also brightened like they are stolen away from the flower shops , with special liquids on them .
they turn this big taksim into a flower garden in a shape of revolution writing .
i see cats pissing on the flowers .
a big and pitch black flower is on her blouse .
they turn right and right again to walk past flowers and wine to where the shopping carts are stationed .
i was really afraid you would turn me away at the door , that s why i asked you to open the flowers first , so you d know i come in peace .
zarine puts the flowers down on the table in the sunroom , then wraps her arms around nance .
i smelled her hair so sweet and her skin like flower petals .
the sun was bright and i smelled the flowers on the womans cart that passed me .
out of the corner of her eye , she saw him come through the open doorway with a flower in one hand and something else hidden in the other .
` ` they put flowers in their hair , join hands , and dance around it naked . ''
the logo on the carrier bag read retro city , an odd shop run by a fifty something couple who had been flower children in the 1960s and still dressed as if they were .
two wooden plant pots stood either side of the front door , their soil neatly turned but containing no shrubs or flowers this late in the year .
much like all the other houses around it , the massive front lawn sprung with colorful flower beds and rose gardens , none of which was actually maintained by anyone in the frost household , but by garden workers with dry hands and very little money .
frost had a day job , she certainly could nt have spent much time tending to flowers in her yard now could she ?
she was plucking flower petals from a pastry pink tulip , letting them fall to the ground .
without taking her focus away from her flower , amy told her friend , i hate the school food .
rather than answer the question , amy threw away what was left of the flower .
aside from a few commodes decorated on the hallway , large vases with dead flowers , there were tables and shelves stacked with lots and lots of old books .
from it , she had learned of ten different ways to arrange flowers , as well as why it was important not to water plants and grass during hot , sweltering afternoons .
clowns impressed little children by juggling balls and turning balloons into poodles , flowers , and balloons .
* * * later that day , standing in the elevator of the sacred rivers hospital bearing a bouquet of flowers , alex stretched her arms and neck in the small empty space , scarcely able to spread them apart as far as they could go .
alex dunked her head to the flower bouquet in her hands .
alexs bouquet of flowers dropped to her feet as a nurse threw her out the room and rudely slammed the door on her face .
there was not so much as a single flower next to or near his tombstone .
they turned and walked past flower gardens and a big greenhouse , situated where the west wing would later stand .
did you get the flowers ?
the entire supply chain was under the control of maxi jameson , former actress , singer and flower child .
oh , by the way , you might want to send some flowers to deanna pope .
emilio was of the opinion that if the boy was going to be sampling his precious hothouse flowers bounty , he should plan on getting married , the sooner the better .
the late summer gardens at golden acres farms were lush with both flowers and vegetables .
` ` little girls are sometimes like fragile flowers , jay .
difficult to document events like telepathic communications , odors , and scents like sulfur , ammonia , perfume , and flowers are written down in my notepad .
neewa and i love to stroll around town looking at everyones flower gardens and pretty homes .
they pressed against the plaster between a large earthen flower vase on a low table and the stairs .
i d like to take flowers to jerry .
ill run in , buy some flowers , and be back in a jiff .
an alarm went off right after i dropped off jerrys flowers .
jenny was a gentle flower ; i should have kept her at home .
weaver noticed that every place setting had its own solid silver condiment set , that there were fresh flowers on the table , and at least two people were serving in the dining room .
and if there s a collection for flowers , then i d like to put a tenner in , if that s appropriate .
what if i presented elena with a nice bouquet of freshly picked flowers ?
give your wife the message you do nt love her anymore : sorry , honey , no flowers today .
` ` hey , girl , help has arrived , '' julie says and sets down a beautiful bouquet of hand - picked flowers she selected from her yard .
we 're moving like snails across a flower garden and i can hear my cell phone ring .
the lawn around the house was well - manicured , flowers just coming up along the front walk .
we are in the payson greenhouse , where the night smells like soil and tomatoes and flowers in full bloom .
jane added to the handful of flowers that she had already collected , looking a little odd in the over - sized sunglasses she had borrowed .
2 as jane walked inside otto walked out , greeting her warmly and exchanging a few words , complimenting her on the flowers she had collected .
* * * a pleasant afternoon greeted the nurse when she stepped out for a break , the grounds of the bavarian hospital blooming with bright flowers .
* * * otto walked through the newly dedicated international peace garden in bern , minister blaum at his side , tourists thronging around the blooming flowers .
so it could be a new weapon on the patch , suggested flower .
breaking the door down may not have helped your search for clues , said flower .
asked flower .
its almost as if the man did nt exist , pondered flower , sipping his scotch .
queried flower .
could be a spy , said flower , quietly .
if barclay was a spook of some sort , we could be looking for a foreigner , with a key to barclays flat , said flower .
were only guessing , flower reminded him .
dci flower , he said , as he picked it up .
it looks to me as if that sash window was open a bit , said flower , squinting .
ill come with you , said flower , finishing his whisky .
battersea , replied flower .
there you are , said flower , pointing .
bugger the fish , said flower .
about that , agreed flower .
i see what you mean , said flower , stooping to look over wilberforces shoulder .
we need to get into that flat , said flower .
ill use the car radio to get this organised , offered flower .
and forensics have nt identified the weapon , yet , either , added flower .
none the wiser for their nights work , wilberforce and flower went home .
* * * detective chief inspector harry flower was nt often summoned to the office of deputy assistant commissioner ian jenkins .
come in harry grab a seat , jenkins welcomed flower cheerily .
that ll be nice , said flower , suspiciously .
but you ca nt just drop a murder enquiry , protested flower , even if there has been an inquest .
dci flower sat back in disbelief .
the living room rear wall consisted of floor to ceiling windows with walk out french doors and a small patio and carefully manicured lawn edged with flowers , some fruit trees and small bushes .
at first nothing was in them , then , poof , there were flowers !
her brother had said it was n't real , that the flowers were fake and had just been hidden .
an abundance of gardens with all kinds of flowers and shrubs , many of which were on the tail end of blooming , added just the right touch of the outdoors .
flowers of every kind were divided into neat rows as if guarding the stone pathway , and gave off an intoxicating scent .
the stone paths and flowers surrounded grassy knolls where willow , oak , cherry and even pine trees grew , providing both conversation and congregation points .
did she get our cards and flowers ? ''
she dropped the two tiny red pills the nurse left for her into a bowl of flowers and gazed around .
all was quiet and the place smelled of disinfectant and flowers .
she glanced around and saw three large bowls of flowers poking up behind at least a dozen cards .
the lodge looked perfect with close cut lawns , trimmed hedges , a new flower garden that was the result of janice 's effort and the swimming pool glistening in the sunshine .
one street was the exact replica of any main street in america with a drug store , gas station , general store and several typical kinds of shops , ranging from a flower shop to a chinese laundry .
he could hardly recall his father yet just thinking of him brought back the sickly sweet scent of the flowers and carried him back to those dreadful days they d been cooped up inside , the curtains at half - mast .
most of all he remembered endlessly washing dishes while his mom sat listless and weepy in the lounge , incapable of action , almost buried in flowers .
after the funeral they d thrown the dying flowers into the trash can and quickly realised their mom could nt cope .
... take a bunch of flowers with you , he added .
gals always like flowers .
and wes , let me know how you go and do nt forget the flowers !
every time she used it , the flower in the vase made her smile .
pania picked up the flower sachet and took a deep breath .
when she started to set the table she handed george some secateurs and directed him outside to cut some flowers for the table .
on a cool thursday morning in june these smart , thin , rich people are mostly at work , or playing golf , or queueing up at wimbledon , and their cars sit nose - to - tail in a polymer chain in front of the pavements , which abut the neat and tidy front gardens with their stone paths and their fragrant flower - beds and their warnings about the hideous things that happen to doorstep salesmen , unwanted pollsters , and other vile scum .
next to its sleekness the dismal buildings below looked like beds in a nursing home , one where the only exit turns out to be the one with the flowers .
at the end of the row somebody had tried to make it the chelsea flower show , with clay pots and big plants .
a beginners code - breaker book that i had nt even cracked the spine on yet , an obnoxious flower pin that doubled as an audio recorder , and i could nt possibly forget about the black ski cap dad wanted me to wear as a spy games staffer .
somehow rose trellises and flower boxes do nt say evil to me .
the once happy blooming flowers in the window boxes drooped .
a chilly night breeze ruffled my hair , carrying the smell of late - blooming flowers from the edge of the yard .
i fiddled with the flower pin on my shirt , a gift from dad , pressing the record button .
i yanked off the flower pin on my shirt and crushed it under my heel , our recorded conversation gone forever , any incriminating evidence destroyed .
you know you re from california if your childs third grade teacher has purple hair , a nose ring and is named flower .
on the table was a vase of fresh cut flowers and on the coffee table , a fruit basket .
there were spreads of winter flowers growing along the side of the path , no doubt maintained by a well - paid gardener .
rows of flowers bordered a well - kempt lawn , kept invisible from neighbors by a tall wooden fence .
look at the flowers behind the chair , dennis prompted .
that blast was powerful enough to knock the table over , but the flowers that are two feet away look fine .
i bribed her roommate to let me into their apartment , and i was busy arranging some flowers on her dining room table when she suddenly came home .
to me they had seemed like spent flowers , drawn in upon themselves , sealed shut from life , stilled forever .
the ornaments in the parlour were familiar to me by now artificial flowers under a glass dome and a plenitude of embroidered cushions .
even as the rotting leaves in michael oconnors compost heaps sustained the flowers in my mothers gardens , so perhaps the breaking of the bonds between alma , herbert and myself , the hidden turmoils of our lives , the energies released when body and spirit part , in some way served to sustain the eternal mystery .
there were flowers on the grave a few purple asters and some bronze - coloured chrysanthemums .
those flowers i came to see my parents graves .
as far as alma halsey was concerned , the grave on which she had placed her propitiatory flowers that day was indeed the final resting place of herbert west .
this was hardly a time to be coming home with flowers or chocolates .
she loved the flowers nick brought her on an almost daily basis she preferred the wild ones , she never had much patience with things like orchids or calla lilies .
she then insisted on keeping the flowers in a vase shed fashioned out of an empty can of corned beef , until they got too smelly and had to be returned to their rightful home .
shame , shed said , and then , a twinkle in her eye and hugging herself close to him , well need some fresh flowers , soon .
ryan spelled in flowers , colorful like him .
i noticed that sometime while we 'd been talking , penny had folded her napkin into a small paper flower .
it was a three seated couch with flower designs .
silas had sent flowers to her job on monday .
money to buy flowers or some'at ?
he had learned that much from his dad , who d once been a flower child himself , but had since learned therealways of the world .
she and jeff would put flowers in a vase on the small cement base supporting the headstone every memorial day and on rileys birthday .
in a churchyard on a hillside where the flowers grow and twine , there grow roses amongst the posies , on the grave of clementine .
past the churchyard on a hillside where the flowers grow and twine , amongst the wasteland there s an oak standing on the grave of clementine .
the spring breeze carried with it the hints of what those flowers ( where they daisies ? )
chapter 3 maeve descended the backside of the short hill through the high grass , collecting flowers along the way .
she plucked the petals from her flowers one by one .
maeve regretted that she had plucked away half of her flowers ; she buried her nose in the remaining three and found relief .
you d better get used to bleeding , missy , because if moms right you re going ... maeve dreamt that she was in her bedroom and was elated to find her carpet had grown little itty - bitty daises that did nt smell like daises , but instead smelled bakery fresh and superior to any carpet flower shed ever known .
mae could see her dad pulling weeds in the flower - bed in the distance .
she smelled like a lone flower in a milwaukee brewery .
the flowers which have been placed on the graves have all wilted and withered , while some have no flowers at all , just empty vases .
henry looks over across the yard towards what seems to be the minimum security ward and they are planting small flowers and/or flowery bushes .
next , there were the flower and vegetable seed packets i ordered from some company that offered prizes if you sold enough .
the rest of the large yard was immaculately landscaped with lawn , flowers , and small trees .
the patio housed a large hot tub , basketball hoop , a sun tanning area , and a flower garden .
in preparation for our date , i went to the mall and bought a new shirt and some flowers , nothing too fancy , in case she was married .
she lagged behind , often looking at flowers , while he pushed on , then had to wait for her to catch up .
rather than ring the doorbell , and risk another fight , he dug into susans flower box , looking for an extra key he had recently hidden .
no thief , david scoffed , would bother digging around in a flower box .
nearing the front steps , he could see the flower box and , hopefully , the buried key .
he fished through the flower box , pulling up a handful of the rich dirt and letting it slide back into the box .
david carefully buried the key back in the flower box .
susan would have to admit that no burglar would bother digging around in a flower box , that they would , as he had suggested , just break a window .
susan remembered the key and ran out to the front porch , shoving her hands into the flower box , digging .
inside , flower arrangements adorned desks , tables , and hung from the walls at odd places .
the gardeners opened the sprinklers to ensure that the guests would enjoy the scent of fresh plants and flowers during their breakfast or their jog through the lush gardens towards the beach .
with a soft humming the car drove on the red flower edged driveway .
shed continued the theme with hot pink fairies with bulbous eyes peering down at the sink and flowers painted on the shower curtain .
further along the busy concourse , not far from the next intersection , stood a flower shop .
i threw a couple of magazines across the floor towards him , turned and raced past the flower shop .
he 'd dropped into bed , as weak as a wilting flower , and the door ...
i mean i see those things for a moment , but then as i focus , i come into a clear , peaceful place , where there 's just me and the flower .
there 's no face , no flower .
it 's the most alive , wonderful , magical state , when a flower unfolds and opens a window on eternity . ''
they ran hand in hand through the fields of flowers at grass , all reds , yellows , sultry oranges and velvet purples , and they tasted nature 's sweet scents , and man 's work of refined essences and aromas , the honeydew , the ambergris , the distilled scent of celestial nectar .
he straightened the living room and set out the colorful flowers he had picked up on the way home .
did you bring me those pretty flowers ?
i lifted the vase on the back credenza which was filled with a beautiful silk flower arrangement and found the key to her filing cabinet underneath .
should our firm send some flowers or something ? ''
i also asked her to send some flower arrangements to the funeral home .
and then i remembered that i d forgotten to send flowers and suddenly felt sick .
it was the address of a flower shop called basic flowers .
it was the address of a flower shop called basic flowers .
i walked over to the white flower plant and read the note beside it .
ok , seriously , you swapped my vitamins with flower poison and now you re saying so what ?
my attention darted to the right side where the sunshine beamed and flowers bloomed , then back to the side where the scarf had blown .
his gaze remained on the carefully shaped bushes and well - attended rows of flowers in the garden , while his attention was focused on the sounds on the terrace and inside the chateau .
she was wearing a blue silk dress with pink flowers embroidered on its bodice and with a matching ribbon cinched around her waist .
on this late summer day , some flowers were still in bloom , although patrick knew they would not last much longer .
the flowers he observed in the garden , the vegetables in the stew he subsisted on , and , most tellingly , the wine he was allotted twice each day were all recognizably from his native country .
it was a good - looking property , and before the last of the annuals went into the flower boxes , we had two offers on it .
when she returned home and found her flowers decimated , she assumed it was a prank by teenagers , not the result of a man spiraling out of sanity .
an excited young clerk from the flower stall next door burst through the door and , bowing to everybody , lavished bouquets on all the girls .
` ` before the flowers bloom , miti must tend the garden . ''
he inspected the flower again , then impulsively leaned forward and placed it onto the tatami in front of her .
not a bouquet , a single budall the flowers in the world distilled into that one now poised to burst open .
she brushed her dark bangs back from her brow as she squinted into the waning sun , sniffing at her cactus flower .
afterwards the lying fuckers told our embassy in tel aviv it was all a mistake and sent flowers .
his wife , off somewhere dedicating flower parks in america 's inner cities , certainly provided none .
that flower looked good in your hair .
every day the woman lit a candle , each week she replaced the bouquet of fresh flowers in the bedroom of the boy .
for her , too , many people had brought flowers , but this time sunflowers , and there was a musical score to soften the farewell .
it came from an opening on the dome , kissing the flowers and the altar .
she had dressed with particular care for her debut in the classroom , designer low - waist jeans , white sneakers with flowers , the polo highlighting her quite good cleavage , freshly shampooed hair , light but determined makeup .
they wore delicious wool pantyhose with drawings of flowers and teddy bears .
` ` no , no , but you have to be careful with her , treat her like a flower , because we might hurt her without realizing it . ''
someone regularly brought fresh flowers and put them elegantly on the ground , near the entrance of the institute .
some threw flowers in and murmured prayers and aidan and carol expressed their grief once more to the widow , and then walked slowly away .
timmys story reminds me of something that happened to me not to long ago kyle said i was walking along hudson street and pass under the flower store being renovated when some bricks fell off the top of the building almost hitting me .
we need to save our town bobby pointed across the street to the flower shop look there s norris .
outside , a bumblebee darted up to the center window and hovered there , then sped off among the sunlit splashes of flowers in the garden .
a shadow covered the flowers beyond the glass .
he continued his tour of the downstairs , moving through the hallway to the garden room overlooking the flowers .
squeezing the tomatoes , shaking the melons , sniffing the flowers .
the smell of flowers he could not name flowed over him .
birds chirping , flowers blooming , you sitting here moping like a bump on a log .
a man in a flower shirt will meet you there .
a yard or two lay between him and the flowers , when he realized their presence .
little flower , lets settle down here for the night with little octopus .
come in little flower and octopus !
i just wanted to free little flower and octopus , foki !
run , octopus save little flower go !
part 4 funny or not , the thing that surprised me the most that afternoon was not the fact i was in a parked flower delivery van with three older girls and a grown woman , all of them borderline strangers to me .
my bet is that those are flowers from the orchid family but varied genus .
in retrospect , being a single mom , driving a van , owning a flower shop , discussing the benefits of solar energy with high school students and having slightly messier hair than her daughter should have struck me as clues .
yes , i can tell those flowers are real even from here .
i see real and plastic flowers every day .
she could have good vision for flowers , but her hearing was not the best .
definitely a good person , but one could tell she believes in the flower power , power of the people and all that jazz from kilometers away .
obviously it could have turned out to be something completely different from reality , as thoughts that start at the back of flower power vans often are .
we could nt do it every single day because of rins position as a student council member , and every once in a while akanes mother would need help because running the only flower shop with delivery service in town by yourself is not much of a glamorous lifestyle if you ask me .
to ensure it would nt look too fishy and obviously formulaic after a few occurrences , even i had to take part in the scheme , sometimes as a helper in the flower shop and others as the younger student tutoring her .
what akane does nt know is that her mother also indirectly helped the plan because she talked to rins father a couple times before , what with being the only dedicated flower shop owner and all .
` ` i sure did nt feel like no blooming flower in spring time , ill tell ya that much , '' a smile appeared on jays face .
` ` buy her some flowers and go see her ? ''
the area was commonly referred to as shrub city by the locals due to the streets of the four square blocks , all being named after trees and flowers of sorts .
the roof was barren , there were only a few remnants of an attempt to cultivate some flowers or bush here ; but the altitude was too great and the wind from the open sea too prevailing for the saplings to survive .
a woman in a broad - rimmed straw hat was on all fours pulling weeds out of a flower bed near the street .
i pretended to stare at some flowers in a nearby flowerbed , but really i was checking anna out .
that feel , yes , that pleasure , most definitely , but then why , did i find myself , behind the desk , a pencil in my hand , wondering how it was , that these words , that i so magically create , keep me preoccupied , teach me about myself , and keep me from going crazy , those plot lines , that seem to spin themselves , why do i continue to abandon them , and leave them alone , in the dark spin , of my imagination , is it not a shock , that my love for these words , runs so deep , i would like to think not , but then again , you re the one who makes the call , sometimes the people still ask , where has the devil gone , and when will i pick up the pencil again , when will i spin those tales , of the forgotten magic , that i ' ve become accustomed , and the answer , is now , today is the day i pick it up , release the dragon from his cage , and let the world , and the words fly , gingerbread house the hallways to her heart are closed , cut off years ago , when she realized that no one was there to help her , she was alone , helpless , and sad , but no one came along , she wanted that journey , one final journey , one that would lead her to a promised land , and take her away from this world , that she 's come to hate , so she sets foot on the ground , her eyes unclear of where she 's headed , and she begins to walk , almost stumbling , hours come and go , and she grows tired , she comes upon a house , set back in the woods , the front was run down , the paint worn away , and the door hung from its hinges , she climbed the stairs , and noticed the dirty rocker , she sits down , and stares out into the road , from which she 'd just come , she feels at home , and does n't even know why , , she leaned back , and takes a nap , to recharge her batteries , the sunsets on the house , and she comes to , feeling more rested then she 's felt in years , the horrible memories she 'd had , from the past , are still there , but grows distant , she turns and realizes that this journey that she seeks , this escape she needs , is inside this house , she walks up to the door , and pushes it aside , the inside , is more beautiful than she ever imagined , she takes one step back , and notices that now the outside is just as beautiful , restored to its old luster , the paint is a brilliant white , the shutters are blue , and the door is the original wood , her eyes must be deceiving her she thinks , but she walks back through the door and notices in the front room , the beautiful chandelier is lit up to perfection , she looks around and notices on the table is a bottle of wine , why not it ca n't hurt , so she takes a glass and pours some , she wants to take a look around at the house , she notices the kitchen , a brilliant tile floor with stunning brown cabinets , she ca n't believe that this house is so beautiful , the real question though , is how did she find it , she takes a seat on the couch , it 's softer than it looks , and stretches out , she feels her body relaxing , her eyes close , but her mind does little to suppress the memories , every haunting vision comes back , and climbs into her head , she feels her body begin to convulse , and suddenly she hears voices , far away at first , but growing closer , and she realizes she 's moving , rolling it feels , on a bed , and she gently opens her eyes , to notice she 's under lights , she closes her eyes back , and lets herself wheel away , the lights around her are bright , and fields of flowers , she notices that there is a figure walking toward her , she ca n't make them out , then she hears a voice inside her head , this is n't where you need to be baby girl , you have so much left to do , so many things left to achieve , but in order to reach your ultimate goal , you need to wake up , memories , and life in general may be horrible , but you are so much better than anything , and anyone , no one can hold you down , only yourself , you are indeed an angel , but not here , not yet , you have much to do suddenly the vision goes black , she 's coming back she hears as the light re - enters her vision , she opens her eyes , and they 're crowded around her , one holding her hand , the doctor , has a worried look on his face , we almost lost you sweetheart .
before i forget some flowers came for you this morning .
she sat the vase down on his table ; rob looked at the flowers for a moment before reaching for the card .
the wind billowed lightly across the freshly cut grass at his feet and the sweet scent of summer flowers filled his nostrils .
i imagined pulling a flower from behind my back , or a bit of stale bread from henri 's pocket , but after what happened to little saye last nightwith what waited for us on the other side of the doorthose tricks were n't up to the task .
he could smell the fresh flowers all around and feel the warm breeze on his face .
an open window over his head brought in the fresh breeze from the garden , gently billowing the draperies and carrying the scent of summertime flowers .
` ` i am me , mara '' it told persuasive tone '' i wanted to thank you for the flowers .
at least i would have been able to bring me some flowers every time that i wanted .
i leaned a they put bouquet of flowers on the heap of earth and i devoted me a pair of prayers .
remembering as he prepared steve every time that it had to go to a romantic dinner i entered a shop of flowers .
there were grounds people mowing the lawn and weeding the flowers .
she focused her thoughts on the flowers and everything she knew about them to help ease the pain .
they were the flowers shed painted when shed met eddie .
paige imagined a blanket of flowers , forced her mind to picture it in the smallest of details , but edwards voice dragged her away from the blanket , back to the pain .
the same flowers shed thought of while hanging on the tree , that shed painted when shed met eddie .
her eyes welled up , and the flower image melted from her sight .
the clip was loaded with black talons bullets designed to open up like a flower .
small cocktail napkin size sketches of animals , symbols , runes , flowers and every other imaginable thing were taped to one wall .
its true that he sent her a bouquet of flowers once , but i thought he was simply grateful for her psychiatric help .
he shouted at the survivors of his team to follow him as he ran towards the cover behind the heavy flower pots around the entrance .
he himself was hit by a bullet in left leg , but managed to crawl up behind cover of a large flower pot where he lay bleeding , unable to move or fire back at his attackers .
a short black man was watering the flowers in front of jasons chalet and offered a sad smile and a good morning .
as she tried on a new outfit ( black skirt and pink flower shirt ) , someone knocked on her door .
there was a hot canvas tent covering the grave site , young girls bawling , offering flowers , the minister tried to comfort through words from the bible , my parents , their lives mashed into pulp .
papa , the priest told me that jacques left a considerable sum in the hands of the church with instructions that it be invested and the profit used to keep all three graves tidy with fresh flowers put on each weekly ; these instructions to be carried out in perpetuity .
i think ill fetch some flowers , he said .
after so long , it will be good to lay our own flowers on their graves .
as with the flowers , he produced two beautifully wrapped presents from nowhere and handed them over .
a few flowers that had nt been choked out by the weeds were growing and when the dead blooms had been picked off and the weeds pulled , the flowerbeds looked much better .
she found a small coffee mug and with water from the bathroom , she watched the wilting flowers come back to life .
she did nt see how knowing about the flowers could shed any light on the situation .
i guess well need to talk to the undertaker , too , and arrange for a coffin with all the accessories , flowers , and everything .
penny made weekly trips up the hill to put fresh flowers on the graves from the flower beds she was sure aunt lorraine had made and loved .
penny made weekly trips up the hill to put fresh flowers on the graves from the flower beds she was sure aunt lorraine had made and loved .
she still could nt begin to explain how johnny got the flowers on her nightstand and maybe it was nt even him doing it .
at any rate , they were beautiful ; but she still had nt mentioned the flowers to her family .
inside it had a tiny bouquet of for - get - me - nots that looked very much like the first flowers he had left for her .
she wanted something pretty to put her magic flowers in when they mysteriously appeared .
i found the first little bunch of flowers on my nightstand the same morning i found the picture album .
they have all been simple little clusters that you could find growing wild or in a flower bednothing extravagant or sophisticated .
if they can get in to leave flowers , i guess they could do anything else they wanted to , too .
i d be embarrassed if he knew i d been getting flowers in the middle of the night .
penny began telling ed about the doors slamming and about chrissys flowers that showed up on her nightstand two or three times a week .
when chrissy came inside , they began to discuss the unnatural events that had been happening including her flowers .
dad , i promise i have no idea how the flowers get there .
she was thinking about her flowers and wondering if she would be finding any more on her nightstand .
as much as she had enjoyed them , she was nt sure she wanted any more magic flowers .
a few moments later , her mom knocked on the door and poked her head in to check also and she looked relieved at the absence of flowers .
i found the picture album for you and , chrissy , i left the flowers for you .
oh , by the way , thank you for all my flowers .
you had flowers again this morning ?
i want to know how those flowers got there !
what would happen to my cows and chickens and flowers ?
of course , andy would be the ring bearer and candy would be the flower girl .
the flower girl , candy , came up the aisle strewing imaginary flowers with andy following close behind her carrying an imaginary pillow with the rings attached .
the flower girl , candy , came up the aisle strewing imaginary flowers with andy following close behind her carrying an imaginary pillow with the rings attached .
a tightness choked his own throat - he knew just how those bloody flowers felt !
a smile touched her lips when she saw how untidy the flower beds had become .
but mostly , such individuals do not read our reports of flower shows .
they read about the flowers to see whether it would be worth a trip over to the show in the motor on sunday .
there were even flowers .
he avoided the online plant finder and went to shows and events , where he discovered that the society ran the annual london flower show and the last of these had been at olympia back in the spring .
michelle soon hears the shower turn on , and she gets back to cleaning the flower vase .
carefully removing the turquoise flowers out of the vase and placing them in a different one , she turns the vase around and sprays it .
filling it with fresh water , she replaces the flowers into the vase and puts it back in its normal resting place .
hey , it must be your birthday , mrs . blackaby.-do you know how lucky you are to have a husband who cares enough to send you two dozen yellow roses ? -as the first of the drug runners were entering the building , he was in serious conversation with the receptionist about the flowers which the delivery man kept between him and the three men who headed for the elevator .
but it is nt my birthday and my husband never sends flowers .
well , it says right here on the card , deliver to : -mrs . willene blackaby at the forrester building at 219 pueblo street.-that is you , is it not ? -they are beautiful flowers , are nt they ?
well , of course , they re gorgeous and yellow roses are my favorite but i ca nt imagine why anyone would be sending them to me.-two more men headed for the elevator and then a third came hurrying after them.- how about opening the card and seeing who sent them ? -that could nt hurt could it ? -i do nt have any idea where i would find someone else with your name.-do you ? -while she reluctantly opened the card on the little plastic holder that was stuck in the vase with the flowers , the delivery man ( a.k.a .
hey , kenneth , what s that gals name up on the ninth floor ? -she had some flowers just like this the other day.-maybe this is a repeat order and they got the names mixed up.-the job was done and juan was ready to relax .
oh , do nt worry , mrs . blackaby , i m an officer , too , and the flowers are yours.-i sent them .
mid - august in kentucky was usually hot and humid and therefore , miserable and the first half of august had definitely lived up to that billing.-however , august 15 this year had dawned unseasonably cool and the humidity was down in the tolerable zone as well.-penny sat in the front seat with ed on the ride home from owensboro ; chrissy sat in the second seat of the rendezvous with the babies strapped in their brand new car seats beside her.-johnny lounged in the third row seat with all the paraphernalia , the flowers , and all the other stuff from the hospital.-the ladies overnight bags were between the third row seat and the hatch at the back.-it seemed simpler than taking two vehicles .
he was even more appalled to see the fake flowers beside his chrome toaster and kettle .
sakura glanced at the extravagant bouquet of flowers ken had bought her upon his arrival .
wide steps guarded by a uniformed doorman , huge white pillars at the top of the steps with the largest flower pots rick had ever seen , they had to be five feet tall and jammed full of colorful bushes and flowers .
wide steps guarded by a uniformed doorman , huge white pillars at the top of the steps with the largest flower pots rick had ever seen , they had to be five feet tall and jammed full of colorful bushes and flowers .
` ` gun , '' he screamed and hurled himself to the ground behind one of the massive flower pots .
she screamed out as if shed been shot and collapsed into a bunch of flowers .
one afternoon after work she had walked out of the office only to find him there , holding a large bunch of multicoloured tulips ; from that day on , tulips had become her favourite flowers .
in fact he lied about the lucky pick of flowers .
a few days later , your mum received a special delivery of 100 tulips with a book on the history of the flower lah explained lau with fond memories .
i got the book as i thought that your mamma would love to know the history of the flower .
interestingly tulips are not a native european flower , but in fact they are traditionally from a mountain range located between afghanistan and pakistan explained beppe .
it was less safe with his wife , though.6 he bought a bouquet of flowers and a box of belgian chocolate on the way home .
the flowers and chocolates were in a bag in the kitchen .
someone had left little vases of fresh flowers by the wash basins next to bottles of scented hand lotion a nice touch , that .
flicking through her a little diary , in the notes section , i spotted a four digit number surrounded by doodles of hearts and flowers .
the ex - provo was making a nicely legit sideline exporting flowers now .
they were like flowers that dried up in the night , leaving him looking for fresh blooms to pluck .
meet me at the flower shop on the east side of santa maria novella .
chapter 23 as i bounced and rolled through shrubbery and flower beds , as my skin was scraped and bruised , as my clothing was torn and mangled , i finally remembered the additional comment scott had made about this dangerous maneuver .
there was a strong fragrance emanating from the dozen or so flower arrangements that were strategically placed around the room .
a flower patterned skirt rested crooked on her hips and a backward , mismatched , magenta shirt hugged her torso .
we must go , lil flower .
the mans cloak was embroidered with the fire embrodd , the flower of elyi .
his mother bustled into the room with another armful of flowers .
an ice flower the size of his fist formed before her eyes .
the sun beat its warmth on her face as she looked at each bloom of flower .
she sat in the midst of a hundred blooms of a pale pink flower , that her mother called kissy lovers , because the flower blooms looked as if they kissed each other .
she sat in the midst of a hundred blooms of a pale pink flower , that her mother called kissy lovers , because the flower blooms looked as if they kissed each other .
he released his grip and setting on his palm was the most delicate flower shed ever seen .
she pulled the small flower to her chest and grinned happily .
she darted away , the flower and wolfinic clutched in her hand .
she checked her mind link with shema twice , but the pup was dreaming of flowers and streams .
touching seventy , in a floral print dress as bright and confused as the array of plants and flowers in pots and tubs she was busily watering , she was the only other person to have used her courtyard space as a small garden .
her sentiment was summed up in one sentence when she said , the police are probably trampling the flower gardens , and then did nt say anything more .
as a matter of fact , during the spring and summer months , blankets of flowers literally covered the lawn , making it look like a beautiful holiday package .
she stared at the fresh flowers on the white table beside a silver tea set .
hash moves like a sixties hippy in a field , all he needs are a few flowers painted on his filthy white hat , jimi hendrix up on stage - and he s there .
he gave me flowers and candy , he even sang to me or at least he tried to ( he could nt carry a tune in a bucket ) , but he loved me from his heart .
the fragrance of the roses and other flowers floated from the garden on a gentle breeze .
she had reveled in the scent of the flowers before the change , but as she filled her lungs with the aromatic air , she could almost taste their beauty in a way she could not have imagined .
anyway , i really just wanted to stop by and see if you would like to get together at the training facility in flower mound this evening .
she tried not to panic , as she had at flower mound , but her heart clawed its way into her throat .
hawke was staying at the training facility in flower mound , so the coast was as clear as she could make it .
staying close to the knot of vehicles , she traveled northward toward the training facility in flower mound , where there were others who knew the dangers of stopping the car and trying to run .
a hunched , lonely flower dressed in an orange jumpsuit .
you honestly think flowers were going to work on me ?
eli nodded , extended the flower .
and what are you cutting off all the flowers for ?
i can see it from my bedroom window , a spectacular collection of purple flowers .
the neat and clean exterior is white and freshly painted with a deep blue wooden door standing out in the centre ; two flower gardens on either side housing fake marigolds and poppies .
ready to bloom flower beds circle the perimeter of the front yard with citrus trees planted evenly in the middle of them , emitting a fresh and fragrant inviting odour .
put some flowers on hudson , young and finley ; gave them my best , and yours too .
at the end of the room was a casket with potted flowers on the floor .
he walked down the brick path that was filled with benches , beautiful flowers and shade trees .
ernie stood at a grave with a small pot of flowers .
he said then placed the pot of flowers by the headstone .
shed had much success in mimicking them , and just like with others , maggie got a goofy smile and opened up like a flower , only it was nt so elegant as a rose or a lily or even a dandelion .
no , it was more like a flower from the 1950s animation , alice in wonderland .
after work , she bought flowers and put them in bethanys room at the hospital .
i just wanted to leave some flowers for her .
they placed heavy lids on their baskets , and draped plastic around flowers to keep them unharmed .
gripping her jacket tightly , she wound in and out of the aisles , trying pull food and flowers without ruining their displays .
from the lobby , she bought another fresh bouquet of flowers for her room .
as before , she got out of the cab and went to the lobby drug store and bought a bouquet of flowers .
she wore a pretty camisole that had flower stitching .
abby continued up the driveway passing by rolling lawns , beds of bright may flowers and towering , century - old , magnolia trees leading to the courtyard and imposing front entry .
` ` wow , maybe i 'll bring her some flowers , what a knockout .
the family asked that in lieu of flowers donations be made to the st . jude medical foundation .
he stopped inside the office and bought a bouquet of flowers from the kindly auxiliary services lady tending the front desk .
he pulled out his digital camera and snapped pictures of both the headstones and returned to the side of the mausoleum where he took a picture of the two plaques , before picking up the flowers that he had leaned against the wall .
he stooped to place the flowers at the base of a simple headstone that read abigail brown 1954 - 1982 .
as he transformed his stoop to a crouch he reached for a bloom from another bouquet flowers resting against the marker .
holding it between his thumb and forefinger he studied it ; not sure what kind of flower it was , or who had left it there .
` ` this has to be the biggest dahlia bloom i ' ve ever seen in my life , '' she said as she placed her open palm behind the flower .
and he 's been leaving flowers at my mother 's grave .
a little bit of effort , and a few shortcuts , and i found myself on a park bench facing michelles flower shop about five minutes before she arrived .
i waited until about ten thirty , when michelle took advantage of the lull in sales to begin her daily culling of old flowers .
originally it had been a flowerbed , but the flowers were long gone , replaced by mounds of dirt , each one marked by stones , or wreaths , or crossed sticks .
besides , its been years since i stopped to smell the flowers , and there are a lot of flowers here to smell .
besides , its been years since i stopped to smell the flowers , and there are a lot of flowers here to smell .
post script : re : the colonizing potential of the planet the planet is gorgeous and quite livable , as determined by preliminary teams ; however , please attach an addendum to the file that while the planet is mostly a paradise , the pollen of a particularly abundant flower here has a slight toxicity to it which results in a terrible itch .
ill tell you what , said hugger , as he reached into a pocket and pulled out a baggy half full of weed , this is prime stuff , mostly flower tops , no stems or seeds .
leaving the crematorium , we went into the garden area where the wreaths and flowers were carefully placed .
with the modest crowd of people standing around looking at the flowers and reading the messages , we waited patiently behind and mopped up the remaining tears from our eyes and tried to look at all the beautiful flowers and messages that were sent once the queue started moving .
with the modest crowd of people standing around looking at the flowers and reading the messages , we waited patiently behind and mopped up the remaining tears from our eyes and tried to look at all the beautiful flowers and messages that were sent once the queue started moving .
as i screamed for help i saw my friends arming themselves from the corner of my eye , geeza with a glue gun and ollie with an old bronze flower vase .
he pulled out her chair so she could sit down , gave her a bunch of flowers that he 'd picked up at the station kiosk , and proceeded to order a bottle of bordeaux .
they had always been his signature flowers at university , though sarah never knew that .
with the flowers sorted , he picked up a couple of decent wines and sea bass .
this slowly passed across the small screen and now the view changed ; trees , bushes , flowers and a grass lawn on which there were childrens toys and a barbecue , all passed across the screen .
a couple of flower sellers came over to try and sell alice a bunch of flowers , and would not take no for an answer .
a couple of flower sellers came over to try and sell alice a bunch of flowers , and would not take no for an answer .
baby , do you have a favorite flower or color for the wedding chapel ?
though we could stop by the war memorial and leave a bunch of flowers perhaps .
he was poised to emerge from behind the van , call out her name , hold out the flowers with a tremulous grin in place , when she leant back into the car , reaching in , then straightened up with a slumbering infant in her arms .
swiftly he turned around , head down , tossed the flowers over a garden wall and strode quickly away , dreading that she would spot him , call after him .
i ve never gotten flowers before .
his eyes rested thoughtfully on the vase of flowers , then moved to mine .
tonight , even though i could have left them in the car , i ended up running the flowers home instead .
throughout the evening , i d failed to see any indication that he d sent the flowers , and if he had , the gesture had made him cranky .
as he pulled up next to my little focus , i realized i still did nt know if he d sent the damn flowers or not .
did you send me flowers today ?
they did nt sign it so who s sending you flowers ?
guy finds out his girlfriend gets a bunch of flowers and suddenly he s mr .
february 19 and march 4 phony counseling sessions march 11 wayne , drunk , attacks in office march 14 flowers delivered march 15 confrontation / threatens in work parking lot march 20 and 21 tires flattened march 21 followed to aa parking lot march 24 clown calls march 28 panties delivered and utilities tampered with march 29 rat in glove box april 1 fraudulent letter of complaint to state licensing board various phone call hang upsundocumented porno mags arrived at the clinic sometime near the end of march depressing .
it was one of the lighter sonnets , thankfully , speaking as though the flowers had stolen color and fragrance from the writers loved one to adorn themselves .
i also noted that the flowers in my bouquet were taken from the sonnet as well .
several petals littered the hood , leaving the flower nearly denuded , canting listlessly to the side .
i smiled sleepily as though the cause of my late night was a certain blond real estate agent rather than a shakespearian psychopath with a flower fetish .
except for two wilting ferns provided by the funeral home , there were nt any flowers either , which i d always found to be a nice distraction at funerals .
he is perceiving each flowers with slow intense enthusiasm .
japtan he had decide to bade the precious flowers , goodbye !
the smell of fake flower perfume is apparently not good for me .
bridger had met her boss , a very severe looking fifty - year - old woman called cynthia ; somehow , he did not see her giving flowers too anyone .
he thought back to the flowers the previous night .
he wondered if she would like flowers .
bates sarcastically replied , well , we all know that some of you are delicate little flowers firewalled off from some of lifes harsher realities .
oh , yes , i said , nodding vigorously , its , um , my previous clients , they were you know , european , and they , um , had the animals trained to go in the flower bed .
rhyllann mowed the lawn , while wren weeded a flower bed .
take some flowers maybe ?
he used to be the nicest husband , always bought flowers , jewelry , did the most romantic things .
i thought men wanted women who does nt eat , does nt talk , fart flowers and who never let anything out of the anus , just into it .
jorge shook his giant head and reached over and touched the stem of a pink flower very gently , like it was a sacred object , it worries me , the way he 's wasting his time only setting himself up to get hurt .
the problem was started in washington where you and your agency grows its nasty little policing and spying flowers , of which you are evidently one variety .
i dug some grubs from under the flower gardens and hooked them up .
she wilted further , flushing a deeper red and seeming to shrink under his glare like a flower in hot sun .
pink flowers and you re dead .
i did nt think you d want flowers , and chocolates could just as well kill you , the state your guts are in .
it deserved a big thank you , and a bunch of flowers and some chocolates at least .
if she did nt get in touch again , he would somehow organise some flowers and chocolates to be sent to her .
i was actually planning to send you a note with some flowers and chocolates and a bottle of champagne .
he was even planning to write to her , and send her flowers .
claire had brought flowers and she hugged her cousin .
she s a child of the sixties , a flower child , a hippy .
yes , my little flar , spanish flower , i want to do some dictation this morning .
may you continue to grow and blossom into a flower of a woman !
and he sends flowers to kolbys grave pretty much every holiday .
you may be right old boy , but i do wonder if i should have invited my four therapists here in case things should go awry , in case the past is awoken , in case i break down the way a potted flower can be broken down through excessive watering , good intentioned though that watering may be , said windsor .
have you noticed the flowers in the field ?
bodies remained upright , but dead necks did n't , and heads hung like wilted flowers , tongues dangling , eyes blank .
he took a plastic flower from a vase on the sill and , leaning out so he could peer down , tossed it into the impalpable slipstream of gravity .
he plucked and tossed another flower , then stepped aside quickly with an exclamation as the same set of keys hurtled fast and hard enough through the window to hit the ceiling before thudding to the carpet .
he shrugs , thenleads me to a flower pot at the back edge of the porch .
there was an outpouring of support at most u.s . embassies around the world , with people placing candles or flowers at the fences , along with cards wishing the country well in the midst of its freshest tragedy .
to the right of the lawn , the thick forest was held back by a nicely tilled garden without flowers .
while the guests were talking animatedly in twos or threes , several of the guerillas had pushed the tables onto the flower beds outside , with the exception of two which they placed across the centre of the restaurant as an obvious division for separating the filipinos from non - filipino guests .
they had still picked the flowers for her and she could nt punish them in the face of their selfless disobedience .
she gave up the fight and burst out laughing , dropping lightly to her knees and accepting the flowers the twins held out to her .
overstuffed chairs , a sofa and a loveseat were woven with flowers .
she took his hand and they both held on and , although he did not know for sure , he had a distinct feeling that this beautiful dahlia was the flower he had been waiting for all his life .
i was left on my own in a room filled with so much sunlight and flowers it looked more like a garden than a bedroom .
long way for a flower delivery .
she smelled the flowers before any of them said a word .
in lieu of flowers , i said and you promised me , you promised you would nt come hauling a whole bunch of funeral posies i will just have to turn right around and compost .
i mean look at that , she scolded , following julio and his flag of flowers into the victorian parlor , with its well - worn settee and matching chairs .
at which point the hologram collapsed like a telescope and the background music swelled to become a techno version of delibes flower duet .
then , just as the flower duet reached its technobeat crescendo , the blackhawk righted itself and , escorted by four mh-6 little birds , beat a hasty if uneven retreat toward the nearest air base , disappearing with the last ecstatic note of the song .
additional duties will include food and beverage service , laundry and ironing , child and pet care , and flower arranging .
tyler immediately gave signals for the men to drop flat on the ground amongst the fauna and flowers that decorated the grass on the inside of their path .
` ` otherwise i will be late ... '' ` ` but why ca n't you tell the time by looking at the sky , the sun and the flowers when you are on land ?
there was a smell i could nt recognize because it mixed so oddly with the sweet smell of the flowers .
i m here , dad , she said as she placed the flowers she had been carrying next to her recently deceased fathers headstone .
the little lady in the funny straw hat working in her beloved flower garden was gone , born anew as a murderer .
two pots of silk flowers wrapped in bright green and red foil and tied with satin bows stood in front of the pulpit .
inside the cafeteria were round tables with white tablecloths , each one topped with a vase of fresh - cut flowers .
cole went to a florist when he got back to town and ordered flowers for ellie .
in their place was a beautiful bed of flowers .
people began to file past and lay flowers , notes , and cards on the casket .
i want all these flowers put on top when you re done and arranged to look real pretty .
she wears this little robe with flowers on it and she 's got a cloth belt tied around her waist .
other electronic works include burial to follow , crime beat , and transparent lovers , and the story collections ashes , the first , head cases , murdermouth , curtains , and flowers .
glazebrook ) curtains flowers ashes the first murdermouth : zombie bits head cases crime beat transparent lovers screenplays the skull ring : the screenplay creative spirit : the screenplay united kingdom creative spirit troubled solom the gorge death of the extremophile stuart parker copyright 2013 stuart parker published by flat - out publications at smashwords smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.this ebook may not be re - sold or given away to other people.if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.if you re reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only , then please return to smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
you ve been at the paper a good year and from what i ve been led to believe all you ve been assigned to cover are flower shows , bridge openings and state fairs .
the cars pulled up right by the ranch house patio , which if longworrys memory served him correctly , meant that some well - tended flower beds had just gotten crushed .
better than fresh flowers on her grave is bringing answers for the questions that haunted her .
all hopes past accomplices who had suffered a violent death had received such visits - he thought it more appropriate than flowers .
i know exactly who it was and when this is over i m going to send him some flowers .
he gets flowers , what does your wife get ?
everyone pitched in the last few weeks and helped manicure the flowers and lawn .
her name is jasmine , like the flower and she is kind of the maid of honor too .
her mum was thorough charmed , tonight he had brought her flowers , tim was a bit in awe of this successful but convivial man , and her gran and david were trading aussie tales of farm and country life like second nature .
` ` like i ' m supposed to give a shit about a damned flower . ''
when a kid dies over at zorrell , they hold candlelight vigils , and memorials , and lay flowers .
we play video games and play with flowers . ''
` ` and that 's why that damned flower is so appealing .
he had bought flowers , and two bottles of champagne he was in such a good mood .
the sunlight bounced off the bright white walls , and glistened off the beautiful , well - tended , exotic flowers and shrubs that bordered the house and the edge of the path .
luxurious white leather armchairs and sofas , fresh cut flowers .
the walls were pretty much bare , except for a single cheap painting of an orange flower in a brown vase .
but they were nt the kind of flowers someone would buy at a flower store .
but they were nt the kind of flowers someone would buy at a flower store .
when were the flowers placed ?
could his son have just been there , leaving flowers , the only flowers that he could find in a hurry , at his mothers grave ?
could his son have just been there , leaving flowers , the only flowers that he could find in a hurry , at his mothers grave ?
there were flowers in the garden of stone , after all , he admitted .
one user might see evil penguins with razor teeth while another may witness a delicate flower growing and blooming up from the floor of their apartment .
the houses dotted the mountainside like the colorful flowers that were planted in various areas of mission valley ; the places that attracted the most tourists and demanded care and attention .
these houses would have been just as beautiful as those flowers , yet i knew immediately they were prisons ; hideaways for illicit pursuits and bouquets of violence .
peerosh had big plans for the flower house .
the flower house ?
the angry flowers on the hard material made me thankful that i had never fully opened that gift .
somehow vinnies size made the flowers look less intimidating .
you see those flowers everywhere ?
this house is in a flower street , the front yard is a jungle of bloody flowers and at these events , they go totally overboard with flower arrangements .
this house is in a flower street , the front yard is a jungle of bloody flowers and at these events , they go totally overboard with flower arrangements .
this house is in a flower street , the front yard is a jungle of bloody flowers and at these events , they go totally overboard with flower arrangements .
add to that the thugs who broke in here , saying that piros had something big planned for the flower house .
its not a far reach to conclude that la maison russie is the flower house , phillip said thoughtfully .
francine and i left the restroom and found manny , colin and vinnie huddling next to a large flower arrangement .
i looked at the beautiful flower arrangement .
we brought donuts and flowers , sergeant christopher white boy blanco said .
eleazar screamed and ripped the flowers from their stems .
alex stopped to smell one red rose and touch a pink flower .
alex saw a drop of water on the flowers and looked to the sky to see if it was raining .
andi , his flower - child wife , had painstakingly clipped the grass around the granite stone .
beyond this building were formal gardens laid out with gravel paths enclosing beds of shrubs and flowers which extended around the west side of the main house and southwards towards the sea .
there was nothing much and nobody in sight just an area of concrete paving in fancy patterns with several flower beds laid out in a formal way .
i hope you had belle and tammi as flower girls .
a few flowers were at the front , but nothing like what is typical for funerals .
like a flower that smells sweetest whenever you are bending over it well , i never finished that one because it seemed she would not understand .
long ages have passed since i saw my beloved sister with flowers in her hair as she danced in the moonlight , but the memory remains as clear as if it happened yesterday .
she belonged in a garden surrounded by the flowers that she loved so much .
lifting the paper from the chair , he held it near his nostrils and drew in a long breath as if enjoying the aroma of freshly cut flowers .
it wound its way around two large pine hedges to the back steps , which were laden with flower boxes overflowing with violets , touch - me - nots , and sweet williams .
the fragrance of the flowers lifted elijah 's head as he trailed annie up the steps and onto the porch .
fresh flowers in jars half - full of water sat here and there ushering the fragrance of the back porch into the kitchen .
he tapped the tip of the arrow on the dining table and glanced at the artificial silk flower arrangement in the middle .
elijah yanked open the back door , lifted the box , and marched toward the worn path where the smell of summer flowers met him and quickened his pulse .
the large man inhaled deeply as he advanced down the sidewalk lined with decorative stones , leafy plants , and flowers .
elijah and chrissy headed out the driveway into the aroma of the flowers and then turned up the road to walk the half - mile to the top of the hill where the path started .
the edge of the front yard bordering nixons run was lined with flowers .
when she pulled her hands away , the flowers sprang back over the opening completely covering the pail .
i dreamed of flowers and the beautiful aroma lifted me into the sky .
i had my window down as i headed up nixons run , and i saw the beautiful flowers along the border of the front yard of the parsonage .
as i knelt down and peered through the flowers and leaves , i saw it .
she hid it in a patch of flowers in her front yard .
pink was his mothers favorite color and shed often had the flowers stashed in strategic places throughout the old house .
the flowers and the v - neck created a casual affect , but this was balanced by a short collar , which gave the look a little formality .
` ` so should i wander the streets with a flower in my button - hole hoping to meet her ? ''
` ` i must send flowers . ''
i found myself instantly attracted to a very blue panel of what i took to be water and flowers .
her flower print dress was cut all wrong for her , did nothing to hide her gently rounded figure .
i let bernie stretch and sniff the flowers in the median .
as bernie tended to a flower bed , i took a moment and filled them both in on robins arrest and his apparent sighting of wolf donovan .
i said a silent prayer and made myself a promise to find out where cassie was buried and bring her flowers .
in the front there was a circular driveway that was edged with flowers .
she was dressed in a white summer dress decorated with a light imprint of flowers .
he stopped on the way at a flower shop and picked up a beautiful bouquet of pink roses , his mother 's favorite .
in order to camouflage the pipe from outside , they covered it with a large upside - down terracotta colored clay flower pot .
the lawn was still long , but she knew of a wonderful landscape service that could help , and there were dead stems in a pot that once had been beautiful flowers .
she pushed through the swinging door to the restroom , and the fragrant aroma of flowers hit her immediately .
energy balancing , flower essences and put it in my handbag .
back in holiday mood again , i set out to explore the village of devonport , wandering along streets of wooden villas painted in pastel colors with exotic flowers in their gardens ; around the grassy hillside of mount victoria , with views of sparkling blue sea all around ; up and down the shopping street with its gift shops and cafes , discovering the difference between a latte and flat white .
maybe storm took it down to pick flowers for those alternative medicine recipes of hers .
at the end of the session he said i d like you to take a course of flower essences .
when i got back to the flat after a long , hot ride on the two buses i took four drops of my flower essence mixture in a large glass of water .
chapter 12 dr emby after my session with tom , taking the flower essences for a few days and writing down my story i felt better in my mind : lighter , calmer , and more motivated to find out exactly what had happened to storm .
tom had said this might happen as the vibrational healing with flower essences brought buried emotions to the surface .
i would like you to take another supply of one of your flower remedies , just in case a need for it might arise in the next few days .
with a sense of dj vu i cautiously made my way down the steep bank , overgrown with the tangled stems of the old roses , now covered in dead flowers .
the bath was the perfect size for her , and the bath salts were doing their job , relaxing her muscles and filling the air with the scent of flowers .
and there was the pleasant odor of freshly cut flowers permeating the air .
they were hippie , flower power love children .
the flower boxes , red with begonias , indicated that the people inside cared frequently .
it was starting to look like a flower shop in there , with varying sizes of greenery lining every inch of the walls .
there s flowers here from all over the country , and its probably true .. you do nt know them , but they do you .
she wore flowers in her hair , and a golden maang tikka , lavished with rubies , hung down from her hair and rested on her forehead .
selena came up to the fountain with the stone flowers .
to be fair , appartment looked tidy , though poorly furnished : there were no paintings , flowers or other decorative elements , just a wardrobe , a couple of chairs and a couch .
i ' m rarely getting attached to anything , but you ' ve found a place in my heart like a flower that took root in dry soil , he cringed at this phrasing , but read it .
she named it after her favorite flower .
tender , like all flowers , and its scent is dispersed as fast as the spirit of aristocracy .
anna opened one of the doors , showing the class interior new chairs and desks , well - kept flowers on the walls .
there was nothing else in the room no pictures , flowers , decorations or other things that would make a room look like someone lives there .
there , she was pregnant and surrounded by a beautiful garden of white flowers .
trimmed loan , gravel paths , marble gravestones and flowers on every tomb .
the gardenias reached the swing and tore its chains out , leaving the marble seat lying on the floor , only to be devoured by the same flowers .
fresh air mixed with the smells of flowers filled my nose as we walked through the kitchen and into helenas room .
i recognized it as a flower ma called yarrow .
it smelled like flowers , though i did n't quite know how that was possible this time of year .
the old was the weathered cello and it was held against a backdrop of new , fresh - cut flowers .
the vase and flowers that sat on a decorative wall table in the background seemed out of place , if not contrived .
and does your house have a yard , with plants and flowers , and maybe some trees ?
most chinese do nt have a house , or a garden , and they ca nt afford to buy plants and flowers .
a painting with a musician and flowers .
the meal started with egg flower soup , but in reddings opinion , it was nt anything special .
klara was wearing the blue summer dress with little white flowers that he had given her for her birthday , and he was pleased that she did nt wear the harsh cloth of a prison uniform .
i was a flower seller .
i sold flowers , he said , almost as an excuse for what he had to do now .
i was a flower seller in bonn .
i got up early and went to the flower market and bought my stock for the day .
i dreamt of flowers .
i hope you dream of flowers again tonight .
and then he could smell lilies , and he was in the flower market , and standing next to him , holding his hand , was the girl .
through his peep hole he saw sarah holding a paper bag with flowers spilling out the top .
never received flowers from a woman before ?
he laid down some flowers .
she climbed out of the car and picked up the flower delicately .
we might be able to trace where he bought the flowers .
never had merry gay seen so many flowers , rainbows of flowers , triangles of flowers , circles of pure color that made her long to wade barefoot through just for the velvety feel and not to crush them , though that would be a luxury too .
never had merry gay seen so many flowers , rainbows of flowers , triangles of flowers , circles of pure color that made her long to wade barefoot through just for the velvety feel and not to crush them , though that would be a luxury too .
tricks over , the man walked past them through the flock of yellow flowers , heading down - bank toward the creek .
the large iron dinner - bell stood dumb on its tall pole , center of the mud - hole flower bed , its thin hemp rope trailing from the hinged bail to a nail driven into the sturdy pine plank supporting the left end of the water - shelf .
the thistles of once - blooming flowers haunted merry gay : who jean was before , who she might have been again .
going to seed , save for the red hot peppers thriving among the sodden wilted tomato vines , bernice 's garden was laid out in blocks with wide flower - lined paths between the framed vegetable plots .
she wanted to lean into the tree trunk for support but she would be too close and the flowers smelled too clean and sweet .
you were picking flowers '' -he reached up and plucked a single bloom close and held it under her nose- '' and you got scared to come out . ''
he twiddled the flower , tickling her nose .
the houses facing the tracks are mixed old and new but all are painted and neat with borders of flowers growing from mowed lawns .
he knew that up at middleton golf house and the flower gardens next to them he could easily secure a spade ; and with this in mind , he set off .
the front door opened and katya emerged with a medium suitcase followed by natasha carrying a bunch of little , loose flowers .
his room overflowed with plants and flowers from all over the state .
sink tom simpson copyright 1997 by simpson enterprises published by tom simpson at smashwords this book is dedicated to loretta simpson for whose unselfish devotion made it all very possible other books by tom simpson tomstinyterrortales http : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/394565 brain squeeze https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/396869 the flower , bright colored petals glistening with early morning dew , was awakening with anticipation of a bright sun filled day .
honeybees , hovering like waiting to land helicopters , could sense the flower 's sweet nectar that they would soon transport back to their family oriented comb .
the flower , well it was gone forever .
shed have to , '' sheila continued , and bring her some flowers . ''
nice touch , '' sam said.maybe we should bring manning some flowers , too . ''
table of contents 1 fishing trip 2 mr . howell 3 shell game 4 daily bread 5 lucky mickey 6 sick day homework 7 luck scores a client 8 meeting the game master 9 mr . borhan and ms . kendricks go to new york 10 predatory flower 11 fashionably late 12 sea of humanity 13 sunk cost 14 east coast all - stars 15 lucky hyrax 16 arms deal 17 the luck - stall equilibrium 18 professional consultation 19 behind the curve 20 romeo to the rescue 21 crossfire 22 showdown with the f.b.i .
monkshood was a beautiful flower .
it was inadvisable to plant the flowers in beds where young children played .
his shoulder brushed a large bouquet of mixed flowers that had n't been delivered to its proper room .
he flung an arm forward and knocked the flowers into the nurses station .
she had dressed before moore had approached the nurses ' station and made a break for the stairs when he 'd knocked over the flowers .
when she sat down next to him after a bit , he tossed her a flower the same brilliant purple - blue as her eyes , and which was her namesake as well .
flower - patterned wallpaper was peeling from the walls , revealing the dark brown wood underneath .
she came to a stop at a door that had a large flower painted on it .
it was a medium - sized room covered in more flower wallpaper .
after getting a chance to explore some of the other rooms in the house after dinner was over , the little girl and i decided to make the room with the large flower our room .
the stem of the flower curved tightly , grounding itself to the base of the door .
they were turned upward , reaching towards the sun bursting from the flowers center .
i spent a few extra moments looking at the flower , admiring how much it centered me amidst the chaos in my heart .
i put the folded sheet in with all the flowers , gave my condolences to ashleys parents , and walked to where caleb , lacy , and most of my class were huddled .
as we pulled up , i could see the white picket fence that separated faiths house from the sidewalk ; the petite beige house that seemed like a warm cottage and the white love seat glider that sat next to the front door overlooking a small flower garden .
the cable that was connected to the switch led up into the tress and down to a vast area i had never been a neglected area where large patches of beautiful heliconia flowers grew wild .
i remove my white shoes , my blue summer dress , my brassiere and my panties with the pink flowers .
there were old flowers and fresh flowers at her feet .
there were old flowers and fresh flowers at her feet .
even got out me best dress , the one with flowers , you know which one i mean , right , and they did nt even ask me , rotten buggers , not even a phone call .
i guess because she s wearing a flowery summer dress , with light colours and happy flowers , i m guessing , on it , though i m not the best judge of flowers .
i guess because she s wearing a flowery summer dress , with light colours and happy flowers , i m guessing , on it , though i m not the best judge of flowers .
look at that vase over there , he nods and we both turn to look at a clear vase , half full of water , holding some black , dying flowers .
he stares at the vase and its like his eyes are changing , going black , like he s not there anymore , then his eyes close and suddenly the flowers burst into flame , shrivel and die , the burning leaves falling into the water .
he 'd come home early that day from work , with flowers .
a young man with a washington national 's ball cap and clean - cut brown hair peeked around the flowers .
she imagined he had a beautiful girlfriend and was attending college somewhere in the area , delivering flowers part - time .
75 the young man who 'd delivered her flowers locked the front door and stood there .
he walked closer and calmly placed his hat on the kitchen table by the flowers .
he smiled and fingered the flowers in the vase , taking his time to admire several before answering .
` ` he posed as a flower delivery boy , '' she said .
book shelves lined two walls , and wooden - shuttered windows overlooked a small flower garden outside .
a flower of caring without the warm light of tenderness can start to whither under the shadow of apathy .
he rose next to a sculpted stone flower pot and threw it straight at her head .
he was trying to recover while dodging the broken flower pot on the ground .
though the sun shone overhead , casting long shadows across the grass and bouncing from the vibrant flower petals , she noticed a dull haze hanging in the air that she had nt noticed on the drive .
potted trees , shrubs and flowers greeted her , creating wide paths throughout the room .
her eyes were narrowed in frustration as she chastised a flustered looking woman carrying a massive flower arrangement .
as she edged through the maze of racks , brushing her fingers along the different textures of hanging clothing , sophie caught the scent of incense and dried flowers before coming to an open space near the back of the room .
if you dropped a coin into his box he does some kind of robot play acting with a flower .
it compelled him to take another look for the flower pot .
i did nt think flowers came in your size .
take the flowers too if you want to do me a favour .
she dropped the flower and peered deeper into the bag .
one of his swollen , blood - red eyes was in the flower pot on the windowsill .
she squealed out , i was just watering the flowers , and those dead men on the floor were alive then .
the holding area stank of piss and other waste as the remaining hostages had been forced to urinate in the flower pots that were located within .
a weighty gentleman asked for permission to approach one of the makeshift toilets , one of the lithe shaped guards sneered , patted him down , and used her rifle to point him towards one of the flower pots .
he had tossed his concealed weapon into a nearby flower arraignment after a counterattack seemed implausible last night .
outside of serena and this man , there did nt look to be anything living in the park besides the trees and bushes and flowers scattered about .
that , toni , my flower , is why you do n't understand it .
but do n't you miss your home , your garden , the washing machine and the nice big bed with clean sheets smelling of flowers of the forest conditioner , mr smith '' ` ` no i bloody do n't .
like all things american this us agency for international development is crazy ... ... ... ... yah , i know toni , i know it 's exciting but you must calm down , my flower .
well done my flower ... ... .yes , i remember him .
jan made a move and as guido looked up at the hanging flower baskets , he tapped him on the shoulder .
` ` nice , nice , '' guido said turning his back mid hand - shake and indicating the flowers and tables .
a cool and rainy day , but i ' ve brought some flowers with me , '' he said , indicating the umbrella covered in giant red poppies that sparkled with a scattering of rain drops .
tom had imagined a modern dwelling , a bungalow perhaps , on the outskirts of kanchanaburi - two or three bedrooms , en - suite , a kitchen , flower beds , a lawn .
the light green stem was bent in such a way that it showed one other orchid , a less mature one just showing signs of opening , tucked away behind the main flower as if seeking the same opportunity to participate as the child in the first picture .
i smell the air , the ground , the damp leaves , the dryness , the rain , the scent of flowers in the tree tops .
` ` it 's a bit like a church here , mother - like the village church where you used to drag me as a boy to arrange the flowers around the pulpit .
just look at the hysteria , the bunches of flowers and soft toys you see these days when someone dies .
now , what is the problem , my flower . ''
well done , flower .
so , you too , my flower , must wash away the dirty stain left by a tiny loss and together we will now show that it is not we who are the incompetent fools .
` ` stress , my precious flower , led to another new idea and another clever solution .
at midday , he sat to eat his sandwiches on a damp , sunny bank of grass , brown leaves and some lingering but fading summer flowers and then crawled to the top of the bank where the wind blew fresher .
we have some problems , my flower .
do n't be so nervous , my flower .
the large auditorium smells like fresh cut garden flowers marking the crime scene , very usual .
the octagon space has been viciously ripped of pretty wedding decorations showing torn remnants of struggled and stranded flower petals and stems drifting under the pews from the foot and body wind .
the fbi has grabbed all the flowers and movable possessions from the victims .
there is the ironside shopping center for teen clothes , and the birmingham botanical gardens for smelling flowers .
hawk scans the well - groomed lawn , fresh ground flowers , trimmed bush hedge , and maple trees blocking the nosy neighbors and peeking toms .
amber stares at the far wall and holds the flowers .
amber stares at the far wall holding the flowers between her gloves .
amber stares at the far wall holding the flowers .
amber repeats blinking her eyelashes at the far wall , holds the flowers between her gloves .
amber repeats blinking her eyelashes , stares at the far wall , holding the flowers between her gloves .
she pads around a flower planter then into the kitchen for a meal , being hungry and thirsty .
no little flower girl either ?
the wedding party consisted of the bride , the groom , three bridesmaids , and two groomsmen , not a flower girl or a ring bearer .
but the private cozy small chapel located on the east side of the big 4,000 seat church auditorium was decorated with flowers too .
i did understand once i noted the flowers on the table .
i saw the gunman walk pass the fourth pew which was decorated with the bundle of flowers from my garden .
why did you put amys flowers on the table ?
her act to replace or putting back the flowers on the table represented purging the new stimuli from her brain cells .
she had re - applied her perfume as his nostrils smell her fresh odor of flowers .
that was a stoneware white water cooler with the pretty blue spotted flowers fired around the 1830s in a furnace in bennington , vermont .
how much money do you need to burn six bodies , $ 12,000 each casket about $ 80,000 should cover it plus the pretty casket and grounds flowers at the church and cemetery ... a $ 100,000 check .
i gave him a check for all the coffins and flowers cody stands , fingers the plasma .
people run overturning the metal chairs , knocking down flower stands , huddling around their children from fear and fright .
now the cafe with its rough cypress vertical siding and front porch is a splintered hull , though a few of the faded plastic flowers stuck into a bed of cypress mulch remain .
on the other side , she knew , was mown grass studded with flowers .
dale would get a new present and lucinda would get some flowers and a night out , and generally he 'd have the outlook that life was great .
lucinda was more level - headed : she 'd take the flowers and other gifts gladly , but quietly remark that they should watch their money .
there were no flowers or cards on the side table .
my mum was a self - confessed flower child back in the sixties .
for some inexplicable reason , the scent of flowers made her think of her mother .
he turned and offered her the flowers .
he found her address easily enough when he realised she was probably using her maiden name and when he later turned up at her flat , flowers in hand , he knew his suspicions were right .
flowers would softly rearrange themselves as though disturbed by a gentle breeze ; people would appear to be on the verge of walking around and landscapes continued subtly to be controlled by the weather .
she had expected michael to turn up , all sympathy and flowers and was glad when he simply telephoned to check on kate .
he unloaded two books from a paper bag and sat them beside the flowers .
a little while ago its aroma blended with the fragrance of the flower garden in the shade outside the open kitchen window and made the morning .
the flower garden was awash in sunlight now and its fragrance subdued .
for instance : i would have brought you flowers but i left all i had at phils grave .
when the grass is green and flowers crowd the house and garage -- with their black , pointed roofs -- the place is as syrupy as thatched roofs and white walls .
did you know that the samurai used the sakura flower as their emblem because cherry blossoms fall while still in their prime ?
on the tables , there were small vases with artificial flowers , yellowed from the grease .
she owns a palace two , even and that five hundred is what she monthly spends on flowers for her luxurious homes , but it does nt matter .
the next time she went back to visit bob , she entered a flower shop first , thinking of getting him a good bouquet .
she stared at the numerous flower arrangements but could nt pick one .
i wonder if she would mind if i ran through her flower bed once for old times sake , i said , finding safety behind a shield of sarcasm and humor .
i glanced at the headstone next to hers and plucked a flower from the bouquet and laid it on the grave .
they were the same kind of flowers that were left on my mothers grave .
i set the flowers back down on the side of the road and took one final glance over the edge before jogging back to the truck and jumping in .
she came into the room and set the flowers on the table just inside the door and had a seat on a chair in the corner of the room .
nadine tucked the covers up over me and then walked to straighten the flowers on the table .
you were the one who left the flowers at the accident site .
sophies admirers are coming from all over , some holding prayer vigils on the hospital lawn , some placing flowers out front , all hoping for sophies recovery .
there had been attempts at flower beds along the sidewalk edge , but they had gotten so trampled in the winter that the roses were now grown in tubs that were taken inside before the first flurries .
while all the time he d been in the churchyard of a town they did nt know , no flowers on his grave , buried under an assumed name .
roses had been my friend deidre 's favorite flower .
throwing the flowers on the front seat , i shoved the lexus in drive and raced to the home of deidre 's parents .
i noticed all the pretty flowers that seemed to be attracting the butterflies .
when i had seen all of the flowers , i strolled over to the shrubs and bushes .
hailey and i played toys , we read books , we had breakfast , we played outside , we caught butterflies , and we collected flowers and berries .
you are not allowed to send her flowers or gifts .
later , i sent her a very nice letter and had flowers delivered to her .
buying some flowers in the gift shop , i traveled up the elevator to bobbys floor and met that guy that friend of bobbys who told me he was in the hospital .
huge swatches of color from beds of flowers hugged the sides of homes or lined the sidewalks .
i was thinking about beating it out of there , when my eyes spotted a small card with a flower on it sticking out from under the desk mat .
on his way he kept pouring me drinks champagne and i kept pouring them out in all the plants and flowers in the various rooms .
rose was happy enough pottering out in the considerable garden , planting flowers and joining in local community projects , but soon she grew bored .
it was warm with just a faint breeze and the many planted flowers , in beds alongside the road , gave the air a sweet tang .
his parents , relatives and friends bade a tearful farewell and threw handfuls of earth and flowers down on the coffin .
each of them said a little personal word of farewell and when the last of them had gone the gravediggers filled in the dark sad hole so that cheerful flowers would be able to be a companion for thomas and a solace for his grieving parents .
their private happiness was like a blossoming flower , yet one always under the threatening shadow of a crows dark wings .
ladies just went to him like bees to a flower .
` ` you wan na take them some flowers and say hi ? ''
mike has everything under control ? i am sure he wo n't mind , so i might as well , but i do n't think flowers will be allowed ?
` ` ok i promise : no flowers . ''
he did not bring flowers or chocolates , but brought a handsome walking stick , very much like his own .
there was no other furniture in the room , just a few pictures on the wall of various flowers and scenery , nothing fancy .
he noticed the perfectly - placed flowers and bushes along the side of the house making it difficult to get near the windows .
he d moved on to the flower stall .
the salt air was a landlord 's bane , but there were flowers in the little bed , and tenants to archer 's liking in each apartment .
his shirt was off and he was surrounded by a couple thousand dollars ' worth of flowers and plants .
no flowers , no cards , no one to wish hannah well , or offer hope that her troubles would end .
the walls and tables were bare except for a rare picture and a vase of fake flowers at each table .
she worked in a flower shop before she met father , so she understands real life better than i ever could .
there is a single pizza slice left in the tray i ordered in last night , and i eat it standing up , looking out of the sets window again to re - count the wisteria flowers .
i still remember how ecstatic he became about the uproar he caused by suggesting a re - classification of many of the exhibited orchid categories at the chelsea flower show , particularly so when the story got into the mainstream press .
it is difficult to issue an open invitation to friends to come and visit during the holidays if your father is at risk of lying comatose on the kitchen floor or puking into a vase of flowers in the lounge .
i remember my far showing me how to lay flowers on the huge statue behind the graves of the resistance fighters a gigantic depiction of a ditraught mother carrying her murdered son .
i gave her attention , that was what she craved , she was like a wilted flower , thirsting after any kind of water , any kind at all .
after all , i believe we both know that i will lay two flowers on each grave for a special reason : one from me , and one from far .
after what seemed a very long time he looked up , over the sofas and divans and love seats , past the huge tile fireplace , through the two story window to the acre of newly planted flowers , shrubs and small fruit trees .
` ` it 's to senator loughlin , from the wisconsin flower growers association .
palms and delicate flower shrubs swayed in the wind , and sea birds landed to check him out .
a nice young receptionist with a flower on her ear led them through to a back patio that was so clean it was either brand - new or just pressure - washed .
sweet little hawaiian girl with one sweet smile and the sweet flower in her hair .
he and kanani had planned a trip they d never done a mountain bike ride across the main range and into a small rain forest valley , where they would pick rare flowers .
she boasted that she knew all the flowers on the island .
morales and krieger were hosting more meetings at the main house and alex worked them , though now he was posted to the shrubs and flowers out on the perimeter of the yard .
the headline read : elderly stroke victim dies from fall in one corner was a photo of a smiling hawaiian woman in happier days , a flower behind one ear .
long black hair that was pinned up on one side , as if shed had a flower on that one ear but it had fallen off .
you got a flower in your hair , he said .
kanani had another flower in her hair , this one red with long petals .
the craft room was at the end , a room she 'd set aside for her scrap booking and flower arranging , etc .
she put on cute pink pajama pants with flowers and butterflies on them , and a cute pink t - shirt , because it was her favorite and she knew it bothered zane .
it had upbeat posters on the walls that said things like ` ` shoot for your dreams '' and had pictures of flowers and butterflies and things .
she drew flowers with sharp edges .
he was on a red cloth couch ; the upholstery had a bad flower pattern that did nothing to fit in with the rest of the room .
i mean she puts in the normal cowboy stuff but adds a touch of flowers and candles and stuff that fits her taste ; pretty nice .
during the carefree walkin ' home days , as i like to think of them , i noticed so many good things ; heck even flowers smelled better .
daddy spat a line of brown snuff into the little flower garden at the side of the police station .
amaliji put on her coat and grabbed her bouquet of flowers that jerrick had given her earlier .
scent of jasmine flowers filled the office air .
now havana will rise and become the most beautiful flower of the caribbean again .
jerrick headed out the door and bought a large bouquet of red roses in the flower shop in the hotels lobby .
next , he jumped out with the bouquet of flowers in his hands .
` ` oh , you could n't see him but he was there squatting on the fuselage and ready to seize our young flowers and corrupt them ... '' sassy couched in the fifth row and stole a sideways glance at jennifer .
` ` ... at this moment brother peter with john and paul are out searching for our kidnapped flower , junior sister lorie .
` ` we believe , at this very moment ... this very moment , '' the voice rose in volume to another scream , ` ` our young flower is being violated like a vampire sucking blood from a child ... '' in spite of her earlier promise to herself , sassy was scared .
the flowers should have arrived .
it 's all bungalows and boats with flowers in them on street corners .
the chequerboard tile - work path is cracked and overgrown with tufts of new grass , the pale , washed - out petals of long dead hydrangea flowers and the straggling , early season buds of pink campion .
in her thoughts she throws open the patio doors at her fathers house and takes a slow step around his garden , shuffling past flower pots full of cigarette butts , one more casualty on the mend , a dressing - gowned remnant of the whistling generation .
you going to send him flowers ?
speakers in the ceiling played an interview with a cut flower farmer from kenya .
air , gravity , flower petals , wind , snow , radiation , the moon .
grass , small trees , rows of shrubs and several flower beds could be seen in the vicinity .
the last days for years now i have been urinating into flower pots , spraying the shiny leaves , the fissured russet soil .
then ask yourselves : what shocks you in the passing of a flower in a classroom thirty years ago ?
at least the rabid dousing of flower pots is meaningful - i pee , therefore i kill .
i would like to lie prostrate among the decomposing earth and smell the roots of flowers .
whenever i wanted to see her i would send her a bouquet of freshly cut flowers .
he set out early in search for the perfect bouquet of flowers for tabatha imploring madison to not wait up for him .
for example , her trousers were a lighter shade of grey ; she wore her tie loosely , as if she simply did not have the dexterity to put it on properly ; a pink wastcoat was visible underneath her blazer , and a flower protruded from its pocket .
they could not have looked more mismatched : one wore a suit befitting one who worked in finance in the city ; another wore a lab coat , spectacles and a badly fitting toupee ; the other had long hair styled into dreadlocks , the beginnings of a beard and looked as if he had been part of the flower power generation of the seventies and had never grown up .
you turned up in a pinstripe suit carrying carnations , because you remembered those were her favourite flowers .
see what he can find out about a solid gold ring with a flower engraved on the top , maybe a rose .
she picked up her legal pad and quickly scribbled , gold ring , engraved flower , rose .
the white tablecloth spread over its surface was well worn , and the little yellow flower pattern appeared faded and even ripped in places .
the sun was bright against the shrubs , trees and flowers .
you are named after a flower , miss rose , carolyn said .
you are as pretty as a flower , darling , miss rose replied in a motherly tone and handed her a glass of strawberry milk .
chapter 62 beth awoke friday morning to the smell of freshly cut flowers .
another in which they were flower girls in the klein / laroche wedding .
the light emancipated from a large bay window , illuminating the wet grass and glistening flower gardens of the manicured front yard .
dana insisted that it would look fabulous with sashas bob and dragged her to oxford street and into a branch of claires accessories to get a cheap flower hairpin to match .
there are some flowers in the drawing room for you .
it had been a long time since a man sent her flowers .
she rushed up to the drawing room and indeed , laying upon the coffee table was a beautiful bouquet of flowers in creams , purples and yellows .
who delivered those flowers ?
sasha asked her who had ordered her flowers ; sophie told her there would be a sticker on the inside of the plastic and a serial number .
her mother was out there somewhere ; had been cruel enough to send these flowers , and yet would nt tell her where she was .
i got the flowers kylie - the ones allegedly from my mother .
she ca nt do it herself anymore ; but she likes to sit at the window and look out at the flowers .
she was nt interested in flowers when i was a child .
did you send me those flowers ?
i could develop a web site so joanie would be free to focus on arranging flowers .
his wifes flower shop was making money but they have a big mortgage , a couple of car payments and two kids with braces .
the low slung black wall was gently lit in the night and there were flowers and candles resting along the wall .
he left work early and stopped for flowers to bring home , hoping that claire would be ready to go out before the friday rush , better if they could get a table and enjoy a leisurely dinner without having to wait an hour to do so .
i puzzle out the fuck - up in no time -- the dainty flower heads are pointing to the carpet .
brenda was bent over a flower bed .
a few plants in the flower bed still lived .
he surrounded me with flowers .
that was when i fell in love with flowers .
i even got a job in a flower shop , the first normal job i had since , like , ever .
men at the flower shop or at grocery stores or wherever would occasionally send me signals , but the more attractive they were , the less i was interested .
i took the exit to marias exotic flowers .
what would you get a woman who worked in a flower shop ?
only i can never go into marias exotic flowers again .
it was bullcrap , like the rest : nice but generic car in the drive , perfect bushes , shutters that do nt shut , expensive flowers hanging from expensive baskets , ivy ( probably fake ) twisting up the posts .
i was scheduled to work yesterday , and i thought how great it was going to be to spend the day in the flower shop sheltering this fragile emotion i had for adam until we were together again .
would nt everyone at the flower shop be so jealous ?
melody owns melodys flowers do nt you know , and she takes an intense and unwelcomed interest in her employees .
i would ve settled for another adventure of our temperamental woman and her flower bearing fool but i tuned to the station too late .
it made the good seconds of life shine brighter , made music fuller , flowers more fragrant .
` ` well , call my secretary and send some flowers .
she had been working in the flower garden like she said and only bits and pieces of the discussion had drifted across the yard to her ears .
she sat at the edge of the bed and gently stroked the silken pink flowers .
the flower cups yawned empty and barren .
after a brief stop at gramms grave to restock the flower cup with fresh pink roses , she took up residence at the now familiar headstone of her mother , leaning against it as if it were her moms steady shoulder .
just as she dismissed the cloak and dagger thoughts , a small steel box ejected from a compartment beneath the flower canister .
in this heat the flowers would shrivel up in a matter of hours , but that did nt stop him from offering the token .
they were nt growing marijuana or anything that she could tell just some sort of flowers , so the need for the security had to be because of the research lab on the other side .
prather soaked it for fifteen minutes , then neatly rolled the hose and placed it behind the shrubs in the flower bed next to the front steps .
he made a note to send flowers .
clothes , cars , flowers , diamonds , eight - thousand - dollar - a night hotel suites where she spent the night with god knows who ... it did n't matter .
planning menus , ordering flowers , making sure the bikes and fishing rods were ready for her nephews and nieces .
but the cards and flowers did n't help .
first the flowers stopped coming .
she was nine years old , rolling down hills of edelweiss flowers , the swiss sky spinning overhead .
besides , his eyes had been drawn to something else - a brilliant lady 's slipper - the rarest and most beautiful flower in new hampshire .
excited , the boy moved toward the flower .
he realized his flower had found an extra - fertile spot .
the armchairs were either side of a small fireplace that held pale dried flowers in a raw china jug .
` ` i saw letters on the key , and a flower . ''
` ` yes , that 's my favorite flower .
the fleur - de - lis ... the flower of lisa ... the mona lisa .
try flowers . ''
he went into the kitchen and there was n't nothing on the table but a glass pitcher with flowers in it .
in the late forties , that patch had been flowers and field - grass , with the well - head sittin on the shed side of it , but about six years after me n joe were married and moved onto the place - which his uncle freddy left him when he died - the well went dry .
radiant n happy , like a butterfly wanderin a field of flowers on a hot summer afternoon ?
or was it something from nature , like a night flower suddenly blooming in the storm ?
a year earlier , the luther krank family had spent $ 6,100 on christmas- $ 6,100 ! - $ 6,100 on decorations , lights , flowers , a new frosty , and a canadian spruce ; $ 6,100 on hams , turkeys , pecans , cheese balls , and cookies no one ate ; $ 6,100 on wines and liquors and cigars around the office ; $ 6,100 on fruitcakes from the firemen and the rescue squad , and calendars from the police association ; $ 6,100 on luther for a cashmere sweater he secretly loathed and a sports jacket he 'd worn twice and an ostrich skin wallet that was quite expensive and quite ugly and frankly he did n't like the feel of .
as a result , his lawn bad a worn look to it , though he worked hard in his flower beds .
a death on hemlock , and they organized flowers for the funeral and visits to the cemetery .
they lined up near the house , next to luther 's favorite flower bed .
there were four bags of food from a store luther 'd never heard of , three shopping bags with handles from a clothing store in the mail , a case of soft drinks , a case of bottled water , and a bouquet of dreadful flowers from a florist known for his outrageous prices .
` ` tell her we ' ve had some unseasonably warm weather , been outside a lot , working in the flower beds . ''
she 'll look at your flower beds and see that they have n't been touched in months . ''
got a bit burned in the flower beds last weekend . ''
arnie glanced at his watch , then for some reason finally noticed that there were no get - well cards or flowers in the room .
the women were on the patio looking at flowers in a window box .
a flower child , even though house or hip hop or acid jazz would have been the thing when she got her first record player .
her left hand was pointing at a flower store .
` ` a flower store would be no good , '' she said .
reacher said , ` ` ca n't hang around in a flower store or a wine store for an hour at a time .
half of the building with the flower store in it , and most of the building with the cafe in it .
above the flower store were three stories of windows with vertical blinds behind them and printers and spider plants and stacks of paper on their sills .
jammed between the flower store and the cafe was a blue recessed door .
it had a dirty tiled lobby that looked like a ballpark toilet , except for a flower seller .
maybe there had been earthenware tubs here and there , full of cheerful flowers .
he picked his way among the flowers and sat on the low wall , with the sound of the fountain behind him and the parking garage in front of him .
rosemary barr stood in front of him , facing him , very close , her eyes on his , not looking down at the flowers and the candles and the photographs .
bond knew he would find vesper 's evening bag among the flowers .
bond did n't like flowers and he told the nurse to give them to another patient .
after this had happened twice , no more flowers came .
the manager was a plump , dark man with a tight suit and a flower in his buttonhole .
a single flower after each time , the room tidied after each passionate ecstasy , studious correctness in the office and before other people , never a rough or even a dirty word - it was like a series of exquisite operations by a surgeon with the best bedside manners in the world .
he was now at his painting - table up against the window , his broad back hunched over his drawing - board , with , in front of him , an extremely dim little flower in a tooth - glass full of water .
when bond came in and closed the door , m gave the flower one last piercingly inquisitive glance .
how in hell can a man like those disgusting flowers ?
what do you mean by moving those flowers ? '
the way they went around the flowers , doing their work for their queen .
8 slay it with flowers it was three o'clock in the morning .
but now bond came to one the size of a circular tennis - court , and here there was a rough shrine in the grotto at the back of it and , dainty touch , a vase with flowers in it - chrysanthemums , because it was now officially winter and therefore the chrysanthemum season .
they were arranged with some sprigs of dwarf maple , in a pattern which no doubt spelled out some fragrant message to the initiates of japanese flower arrangement .
there was a central table with a bowl of flowers and two comfortable club chairs on either side of the fire .
called them all after flowers .
then when i came , she could n't think of any more flower names so she called me artificial . ''
i 'd be in terrible trouble if i was late at the office , and the prime minister , sir alexander bustamante , you know will have his eightieth birthday , well he 's coming to lunch , and you know his excellency always likes me to do the flowers and arrange the place cards and as a matter of fact '' -- she turned charmingly towards mr . scaramanga -- '' it 's quite a day for me .
he could make the story long or short , put in the weather and the way the flowers and pines had smelled on the mountain , or he could cut it short .
' arranging the flowers by your bed .
in the sand at the base of the tree a toad - fish softly drew its hideous warty head back into its funnel and a number of flower - like sea - worms whisked out of sight down their gelatinous tubes .
now the forest of razor - blade coral was behind , to be exchanged for shark and barracuda or perhaps a sudden stick of dyn**ite dropped into the centre of the little flower of his bubbles on the surface .
` ` you would n't do that if you knew that flowers scream when they are picked , '' said bond .
i heard something like it as you picked that flower . ''
and not just flowers either .
` ` flowers ca n't shoot back , '' said bond .
but , '' she admitted reluctantly , ` ` i shall have to find out about this indian and if you 're right i shall never pick a flower again as long as i live .
he drew the stalk of the flower through one of the button holes in his blue cotton shirt .
it was not a painting , but a stylized arrangement of freshly cut flowers set behind glass in niches lined with copper - coloured velvet .
the others were the same , and the four water - ford vases in which the flowers stood were a perfect set .
she bent over to arrange the flowers in the middle of the table and to show him that her fine bosom was at least half real , gave him a gracious smile and went away .
the ' best ' people live in its big old - fashioned houses , each in an acre or two of beautiful lawn set , too trimly , with the finest trees and flowers from the botanical gardens at hope .
have you seen the carpet of flowers under the sea at night ?
on both sides of the road the moss- and flower - carpeted depths between the great oak trees held the theatrical enchantment of the royal forests of versailles and st germain .
the bsa coughed and kicked and tore at the young man 's clothes and at the flowers , and then lay quiet .
he stamped down the wheel - rest , pulled his machine up on to it and walked in among the wild flowers under the trees .
it is hard on knees and hands and elbows , there is a vista of nothing but grass and flower stalks , and the dust and small insects get into your eyes and nose and down your neck .
the voice was as casual as if she had said she was going to pick a wild flower .
the creamy , feminine drink was so much cleverer than the folded newspaper , the flower in the buttonhole , the yellow gloves that were the hoary , slipshod call - signs between agents .
the doors bore the names of flowers and shrubs .
would he perhaps wear a flower in his buttonhole or something ?
sea flowers , the gelatinous polyps that grow out of the sand at night , whisked down their holes as bond 's black shadow touched them .
then again , this is not the kind of museum anyone would rob -- there 's not much call on the black market for extinct flowers , inuit kayaks , or giant squid carcasses . ''
this sleek version of the ` ` flower in the lapel '' secret camera had played a key role in the crisis the os director was facing tonight .
i had a buck in my pocket from weeding mrs . katzentz 's flower garden the day before , and i could go to the movies in brunswick if i could hook a ride , and work up a good head of self - pity sitting there in the dark .
the physical evidence is long gone , the bodies of the honeymooners are back in osaka , the street corner where it happened is piled high in wilted flowers .
we came into the lobby , which had been renovated in the most bland california style : pastel wallpaper with a flower print , overstuffed couches , cheap ceramic lamps , and a chrome coffee table .
all sorts of people had sent flowers .
he backed the car off the lawn , driving over a flower bed .
flowers and a lovely lawn .
she smelled like a flower .
` ` look for the biggest flower bed , that 's where the general office is . ''
her rebuilt life out there in oregon , the flowers , the piano , the shine of her furniture wax , the buttoned - up defensive domesticity .
but if temple really had talent , it would come through sooner or later , for talent was like a frail flower growing under solid rock .
send mrs . heller flowers , take them to dinner .
he was always bringing her flowers and little gifts , and he seemed content to stay at home with her in the evening , just the two of them .
for elizabeth the island had its own special odors , the smell of sea breezes and forests , the white and yellow macchia , the fabled flower that napoleon had loved .
that night when samuel went to bed , he lay awake for a long time , thinking about krakow and the beautiful houses with their flowers and green gardens .
he noticed the flowers and said absently , ` ` got a beau , huh ? ''
a grocery bill from amici ... a beauty salon bill from sergio in the via condoitti ... one blue suit from angelo ... flowers from carducci ... two evening dresses from irene galitzine ... shoes from gucci ... a pucci purse ... utility bills ... max kept reading the print - outs , examining , analyzing , smelling .
at kruger - brent , max made a point of playing up lexi 's disability , treating her with kid gloves as if she were some fragile flower .
her feet were lost in a carpet of flowers .
` ` ' all flesh is grass , and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field ...
the grass withereth , the flower fadeth ; but the word of our god shall stand forever . ''
she loved plants and flowers , and she would spend hours there . '
in the public 153 garden one day , you picked some flowers and were almost arrested . '
woody almost got arrested for picking flowers in the public garden . ''
at that moment , a woman carrying a handful of freshly picked flowers started to cross the narrow road .
she ... she had been picking flowers and ' !
if the woman had picked the flowers a few seconds earlier or a few seconds later ... rm responsible for murdering another human being !
there were three of them in the room : nick vito , joseph colella and salvatore ` ` little flower '' fiore .
each time , jennifer would tear up the cards and have cynthia take away the flowers .
nick vito laughed , for anyone who was stupid enough to fool around with the little flower had to be out to lunch .
they were passing through the suburbs of singapore now , and the overwhelming impression was of greenery and flowers blooming everywhere .
the car turned on to stevens road , and on a hill above them jennifer saw a lovely white building completely surrounded by trees and flowers .
he loved the little flower and the giant .
a soldier handed her a bouquet of flowers .
everywhere , flowers were being sold by vendors , their booths a rage of violently colored blossoms .
her favorite flowers , and perfume , and music , and books .
there were fresh flowers on the desk .
` ` how can you get heroin from a fuckin ' flower ? ''
heroin is derived from a particular strain of poppy plant called papaver somniferum , the flower of sleep .
in the reflection in the glass , rizzoli could see a man pretending to look in a shop window , and across the street another man in a conversation with a flower vendor .
coffins and burial plots , and flowers , and relatives to be notified .
they took a motor launch to torcello and dined at locanda cipriani in the lovely flower - filled garden .
` ` keep the flower . ''
* * * princess sent flowers to the hospital .
.. * * * there were the flowers .
i ' m talking about that stupid flower you have on . ''
` ` remember , they 're the original flower people .
he looked at the flowers , and looked at her .
why did she bring me flowers ' ?
i was in a huge garden filled with flowers ...
it was kind of you to send flowers . ''
trees and flowers blossomed everywhere in bucharest , and the parks were green .
and wondered if louis had sent flowers to rencsse .
i ' m not used to getting flowers from beautiful women . ''
lara said to tricia , ` ` fill her room with flowers . ''
she hurriedly tore open the card attached to the flowers .
she set the dining - room table again and again before she was satisfied with the candles and flowers .
he could make a tree , a flower , a human , a universe .
he brought her flowers and small presents from the hospital gift shop .
he dropped his napkin , spilled his wine and knocked over a vase of flowers .
he knocked over the vase of flowers again .
on his way home , george mellis stopped to buy flowers for alexandra .
they passed a hardware store , a hairdressing salon , a flower shop , a candy store , all closed for the siesta , and at each shop the sisters stopped and stared at the windows , filled with once - familiar , faintly remembered artifacts .
monique went to maxim 's and the moulin rouge , while teresa strolled along the quays , browsing among the book stalls and the flower vendors and stopping at the basilica of st . denis .
from the garden one of the nuns brought fresh flowers woven into a crown .
` ` most of these flowers are from him . ''
he was carrying another bouquet of flowers .
she said sleepily , ` ` thank you for all the flowers , mr . scott .
they fell from the sky like deadly flowers of sound , planting their seeds of destruction everywhere .
oliver gave leslie flowers for groundhog day and on the anniversary of the battle of bull run , and left loving messages on her answering machine : ` ` darling - where are you ?
` ` did you try the flower delivery routine ? ''
she went into the flower shop .
` ` i have flowers here for mrs . tripp taylor . ''
` ` i can have those flowers delivered to her . ''
they 'll want to tell mr . cannon why i could n't deliver the flowers . ''
` ` flowers for - ` ` dana stopped in shock as she saw the woman 's face .
dana put the flowers down and handed the glass of water to the woman in bed .
` ` we brought you some flowers , love , '' she said .
send no flowers .
it 's sunny in the counselor 's yard ; the grass is green and there are flowers ... but it 's snowing .
in her hands she has a bouquet of flowers .
she puts her flowers at the base of this plaque .
loring stood outside in the courtyard , dressed casually , wearing work gloves , apparently tending his spring flowers .
fewer flowers adorned the windows and the houses .
tulips , roses , sculpted heads , figurines , seashells , flowers , monograms , rocaille , scrollwork , and floral garlandscall forged in ambercsprang from the walls .
the grass , shrubs , and flowers are from contemporary pencil drawings used as models .
colorful rosebushes and spring flowers lined the buildings .
funerals , wakes , embalming , flowers , expensive caskets - all were a waste of time and money .
she immediately noticed the wallpaper , the fine furniture , the flowers , things that had once mattered .
not a single soul from l.a . baxter 's c - list agent sent flowers .
i ' m no wide - eyed flower child ; i ' ve seen a share of this world , and i look very hard and very closely at those who attract me .
he even talked to his flowers .
the presence of a nighttime guard patrolling benignly around the flower beds prevented an attack upon the kramer home .
and i ' m sure i 'll drive down one cool day in the fall and put some flowers on his grave , probably look at the tombstone and ask myself again why he did it and how he became such a lowlife and why was i born into such a wretched family , you know , the questions we ' ve been asking for many years .
it 'll be sort of a little family reunion , you know , just us cayhalls slithering through the cemetery with a cheapo bouquet of flowers and thick sunglasses so no one will discover us . ''
to the right was a quaint structure with a front porch and flower beds .
again , he was passing neat little white homes with flowers and trees in the front yard .
they passed the last of the neat white houses with shade trees and flower beds , and now they were driving through fields of cotton and beans that stretched forever .
the table was set with china and silver and fresh flowers .
lines of manicured shrubs met at precise angles , then encircled flower beds of begonias and geraniums .
lee knelt by her mother 's headstone and placed a small bouquet of flowers under her name .
they passed other folks puttering in their flower beds and waiting for the mailman , but they said nothing .
take some flowers and candy .
rows of perfectly manicured shrubs and flowers surrounded it .
forty - seven vienna 4:30 pm thorvaldsen admired alfred hermann 's spectacle of flowers , water , and marble , the enormous garden an obvious labor of several generations .
he kept his gaze toward the lake and enjoyed the sweet smell of grass , flowers , and experience .
racks of flowers were accumulating around the tent and up and down the sideline .
one day she was working in her flower beds and ron appeared .
ron : ` ` because , knowing , if they bought flowers here in ada , ms . stillwell is from stonewall , oklahoma , knowing that if they bought flowers here in ada , they possibly could have bought from forget - me - not florist . ''
ron : ` ` because , knowing , if they bought flowers here in ada , ms . stillwell is from stonewall , oklahoma , knowing that if they bought flowers here in ada , they possibly could have bought from forget - me - not florist . ''
twelve years in jail and prison had taught dennis to treasure his privacy and his freedom , and to appreciate the little things , like open spaces and forests and flowers .
it was an elaborate , nineteenth - century english garden with narrow paths winding among rosebushes and immaculate flower beds , elaborate topiary , quaint benches , a gazebo , and even a lawn for croquet and bowling .
he stood in his doorway , staring out at his courtyard and the graceful willow tree and the groomed flower beds that usually gave him a sense of tranquility .
his head began to throb ; a headache was opening behind his eyes , like a malignant flower .
on the outskirts of town , near a paper factory and flower farm , a makeshift platform had been assembled .
one must uproot the poison ivy from the chrysanthemum garden if one wishes to pluck the flowers .
he had noticed a florist at the corner ; a few minutes later , he buzzed the fourth - floor apartment , a bouquet of elegantly wrapped flowers in hand .
the day was cloudless and the evening sun cast shadows across the empty flower beds .
bronzes and flower vases cropped up everywhere , in arboreal profusion .
before you know it , you will be where the air is warm and there are actually flowers .
a flagstone terrace was no more than three hundred meters below , with a brick path bordered by flowers leading to it .
instead , he would die , collapsing among the flowers , an appropriate irony : the death of consummate evil among surrounding beauty .
all those stalls - meats , flowers , chickens , ligumes - total chaos .
he brings me flowers - stolen flowers , naturally - and calls me a great actress .
the owner of the sidewalk cafe greeted moreau quietly behind a row of flower boxes and escorted the three of them to the farthest table from the latticed entrance .
it abutted the bordering shoulder high row of flowers , more in shadows than in light , a single flickering candle in the center of the checkered tablecloth .
suddenly there was shouting from the pavement beyond the row of flower boxes .
the three of them rose and walked behind the owner , no more than ten feet , where he pressed a concealed button and the last flower box opened .
` ` i myself planted a great many flowers and our staff cleared the riverbank .
the problem was that it was a garden , outside on a terrace , profuse with flower boxes overlooking the ancient streets of nuremberg , within sight of the hallowed albrecht dijrer house .
the special forces captain wormed his way toward the canopied entrance of the condominium complex as drew crawled between the stalks of the flowers of the english - style garden to the hedgerow where stanley witkowski lay prone .
` ` so the seed was planted and a poison flower called gfinter jager bloomed , '' said karin , arching her head back in disbelief .
all the fountains die andwithout the sunlight the flowers wither .
i can say no more now , but what i'vetold you , my english flower , take it to be the worstl '' there was a brief silence from london .
on a jungle trail , where if he had only been able to commandeer ajeep an enemy jeep he might have ... stop it ! this is not ` ` nam , it 's a goddamn airport with amillion tons of concrete poured between flowers , grass and asphalt !
beyondthe path the winding gardens of august possessed aneerie elegance circles of sleeping flowers , theirbeauty heightened by the moonlight .
ach , main bruder sells flowers !
` ` she wanted a flower shop . ''
` ` in weather like this the flowers bloom in the streets of pinsk . ''
turning away from a bitter swirl of dust and grit , he saw his reflection in a flower shop window , a bright spray of flowers displayed behind the glass , so like the flowers at marie 's funeral .
turning away from a bitter swirl of dust and grit , he saw his reflection in a flower shop window , a bright spray of flowers displayed behind the glass , so like the flowers at marie 's funeral .
turning away from a bitter swirl of dust and grit , he saw his reflection in a flower shop window , a bright spray of flowers displayed behind the glass , so like the flowers at marie 's funeral .
sarah ibn ashef was allah 's flower , the repository of the family 's honor , the beautiful innocent destined for a life of happiness .
two small structures were cleverly integrated into the garden 's design : the door down into the building and , as he discovered , a toolshed for the staff who pruned the trees , plants , and flowers .
the depressing rows of high - rises , glass - fronted offices and giant retailers not unlike wal - mart were only slightly alleviated by the roundabouts and curbsides planted with row upon row of colorful flowers .
it had quirky round windows and flower shoots springing up in neat beds lining a white gravel walkway that led up to the front door .
someone had left a bouquet of flowers at his feet , withered heads nodding in the wind .
there were flowers surrounding the raised sarcophagus , and two rows of dark green pine trees in huge ceramic pots lined the opposing walls .
again shafts of light played a dramatic symphony of colour , pockets of darkness pierced by intersecting beams that washed over the brilliant yellows and reds and blues of the banks of flowers .
' my heart withers like the dying flower . '
trees and dirt , bushes and whole beds of flowers flamed into the air - a panorama of greens and browns and speckled dots of colour within the billowing grey smoke illuminated by the hot white floodlights .
the other headed for the sidewall and began retracing the route of the first squad , his eyes constantly shifting to his inner flanks , to the succeeding rows of flowers .
the assassin threw himself over the bed of flowers , clutching the warm barrel of bourne 's machine gun , wrenching it downward , levelling and firing his own gun at jason .
he fired again , one round after another into the closed ranks of the young , inexperienced marines by the front wall , racing , dodging his way across the short stretch of grass into the shoulder - high flowers on bourne 's left .
a chilled bottle of chand # 65533 ; teau carbonnieux ' 78 accompanied fresh - cut flowers , and a box of belgian chocolates arrived , only to have a confused room - service waiter return to remove them , apologizing for the fact that they were for another villa down the line -- or up the line -- he thought , mon .
no one understands it , but no one touches a single flower , either . ''
it 's the cross - pollinator i spoke about before , the bee that went from one rotten flower to another carrying poison . ''
half a mile away , outside the central city , on the second floor above a flower shop owned by an elderly jew , the four other members of the kidon were playing cards and waiting nervously .
so why did n't you bring flowers ?
the old woman selling flowers by the entrance was astonished to receive twenty american dollars for a bouquet of wilted daisies and sunflowers .
he placed the flowers at the foot of a distinctive orthodox cross that commemorated the final resting place of his mother , helen treloar , nee helena sviatoslava bunin .
they will not send flowers .
he stared at the flowers on the coffee table .
` ` oh , and send some flowers .
both were old and handsome , but there were weeds in the flower beds and grass growing in the cracks of the driveway .
the apples and bananas and grapes were and # 8226 ; wrapped in green cellophane , and looked pretty sitting next to a rather large and expensive arrangement of colorful flowers sent by the concerned friends at ark - lon fixtures .
though she could glance at it only as she made the bend and cut her eyes in all directions , looking at once for neighbors , cops , thugs , the garage , and the house , she noticed there were no flowers in the beds and the hedges needed trimming .
a patio light cast a dim glow around the grill and flower beds , but nothing moved .
just inside the gate was an abandoned flower bed outlined with sunken timbers and covered with weeds .
he reached over the flowers and yanked the cloth , sending the condiments crashing to the cement deck , one or all smashing to pieces ; he did not , could not , tell .
` ` should we get flowers ? ''
she had made up her guest room with clean fresh sheets and towels and she had put flowers in bone china vases on the nightstands .
she talked about our father , about meeting him in korea , about marrying him in holland , about his awkward manner , about the two bunches of flowers he had bought her in all their thirty - three years together , one when joe was born , and one when i was .
they were built of brick and had dormant flower beds and leafless trees all around them .
` ` tell him someone dropped a gum wrapper in the flower bed outside the post commander 's office .
they send flowers and gifts to the hospital .
near a flower bed , a circular lawn sprinkler rattled and hissed and spewed forth water in a perfect arc which included the table , umbrella , chair and lamar quin .
the saturday after the bar exam mitch avoided his office and his house and spent the morning digging in the flower beds and waiting .
at noon they arrived , and he reluctantly left the flower beds .
a basket of frozen and wilted flowers sat on its side next to the monument , inches under his name .
her gaze swept over the flower beds , the rolling lawns , the tree - rimmed parking lots , and the office structures where so many highly educated and intelligent people labored .
` ` a hothouse flower like that - what 's he doing joining up with the dirty dozen ?
no flowers forty stories high .
the boating lake stretched like an amoeba , narrowing to a stream that , edged by flower beds , ran under york bridge in the southern part of the park .
every stationmaster would inscribe the catechism in flowers in his garden .
he spotted a trash bin , topped by more artificial flowers , between two of the elevator doors , and stuffed the jacket inside .
there was a patio with wrought - iron furniture and weeds creeping in from the flower beds .
miss glick called each member of the firm and asked them not to visit the hospital and not to send flowers .
the flower beds along the front of the house were weedless and received daily care , and between them and the road the long wide lawn was thick and well cut .
she spent hours outside , tending her vegetable garden , potting flowers , pulling weeds , mulching the beds along the front of the house .
it was covered with trees , overgrown flower beds , thick patches of mature weeds , and enough animals to stock a game preserve .
outside , two more were pulling weeds from a flower bed .
the street addresses were on the mailboxes , and when i rolled to a stop i was smiling at the white picket fence and flowers - peonies and irises - that lined the sidewalk .
there were flowers everywhere - edging the walkway , along the porch , down both sides of their property line .
another anonymous author wrote , on perfumed pink stationery with flowers around the border : dear editor : see what happens when blacks are placed in positions of responsibility .
miss callie placed a bouquet of flowers she 'd brought from home on the grave , and when it became apparent she planned to spend some time there , we walked away and left her in peace .
carvings of flowers , saints , and angels covered the stone screen .
and the sweet scent of flowers hung in the fresh air .
each carried a basket of flowers , the sort grown locally , with care , on small plots of earth , affordable tributes to a great landowner .
two of the people appeared to be women ; one male apparently was a gardener , as he was in the middle of a cluster of flowers , and two other men were climbing into an automobile .
he could smell the cloying odor of some night - blooming flower .
as peter had guessed , there was no gate or barrier , and spring flowers grew in well - kept beds on either side .
she loves flowers , she says , and she 's lonely , of course , and i think it 's a nice gesture .
she 's on all fours in the flower bed beside the house , next to the driveway that runs to a detached garage in the backyard .
the concrete is heavily lined with flowers and shrubs and vines and decorative saplings .
there 's a brick patio with flower boxes filled with vividly colored bouquets .
she rips off her gardening gloves , drops them in the flowers and leads me to the rear of the house .
there are lively little pockets of organized growth , small beds of assorted flowers that she or someone obviously spends time with .
we sat on the patio for about ten minutes , just long enough for me to stop sweating , when she declared it was time to hit the flower beds .
i 'll stop , extract myself from beneath the flowers , wipe my face and try to think of an intelligent answer .
i now recall something miss birdie said a few days ago about remulching all the flower beds , but i had no idea .
then i 'll take some flowers to madeline skinner and say thanks .
under her guidance , i manhandle the first hundred - pound bag into the wheelbarrow and follow her around the house and down the drive and across the front lawn to a scrawny little flower bed near the street .
her own kids would be nearby , stopping by daily to check on mom , bringing flowers and cookies and gifts .
miss birdie fusses about the humidity for the first hour , then decides to piddle in the flowers around the patio , where it 's cooler .
i pass two restaurants , one with tables on the sidewalk under a canopy but no customers , a cleaner 's , a flower shop .
we stare at the gray casket with flowers around it .
she pointed , and nicholas walked quickly through the bar , through a small foyer , and into a large dining room with windows and sunshine and lots of fresh flowers .
he arrived late with no flowers or chocolates , no champagne or kisses , nothing but his tortured soul , which he wore on his sleeve .
a deliveryman with a box of lilies , attired in the distinctive orange and black uniform of blumchengallerie , the upscale flower chain .
depositing the flowers on a marble side table , he climbed the worn stone stairs , which rose steeply through the gloom .
the lawn was newly mown , flower gardens well tended .
the back of the house was grander than the front , a large sweep of land bordered by more flower gardens , bathed by the morning sun .
umstead removed the fresh flowers from the vase , and with his back to us urinated for a long time while we studied the floor .
a pile of flowers brought in by mister 's fellow street people ?
he 'll get some flowers , you know , make it look nice .
the ushers arranged flowers around the caskets , and i thought for one horrifying second they were going to open them .
weeds choked everything - flower beds , shrubs , walkways .
no calls , no cards , no letters , no flowers , not one word of sympathy uttered until now , in this happenstance meeting .
he was the only morning jogger in clanton , and for this he got curious stares from the ladies in their flower beds and the maids sweeping the porches and the summer help cutting grass at the cemetery when he ran past the atlee family plot .
a delivery boy could run up , hand her a bouquet of flowers , a note inside .
we 'll send flowers . ''
shot with a long lens as she walked in the flower garden .
flowers , of course , in vases , all over the place .
she ducked into every room , scanning , checking , adjusting flowers , angling blinds , plumping pillows .
the two figures would have been twenty feet into the dense flower bed , picked out by a telephoto lens that compressed the perspective and threw the nearer vegetation out of focus .
he had walked into the maternity ward one late october tuesday , the morning after the birth , and he had handed his wife a small bunch of flowers and told her we 'll call him jack .
no bushes or flowers or shrubs .
reacher glanced again at the dirty dishes and the dead flowers .
you know , a couple of hours , maybe three or four , you think she 's playing somewhere , maybe out picking flowers , she 's lost track of the time , she 'll be home soon , right as rain .
no farmer on earth would spare wild flowers year after year through a hundred seasons just for sentiment alone .
his statement was full of the same kinds of feelings dorothy had described over breakfast , the unreality , the hope against hope , the belief that the kid was just out playing somewhere , surely to god , maybe picking flowers , that she had lost track of time , that she would be home soon , right as rain .
' she loved flowers .
' i ' m asking myself , if i was a little girl with a bicycle , and i loved flowers , where would i go to see some ?
maybe she knew the one place she was sure to see flowers .
the eight - year - old margaret coe had come for the flowers , but she had n't gotten trapped by accident .
why would a child looking for flowers have gone inside a barn ?
reacher said , ' twenty - five years ago a little girl came here to see flowers .
i do n't know much about flowers .
she loved flowers .
i would let the flowers grow right over it . '
` ` give the flowers a drink before you go , would you ?
he 'll put it in the back seat of his cruiser before he waters the flower beds .
` ` here we are , '' dale said , having noticed or not , and swerved into a long , overgrown drive , hedged with wildflowers and tall grasses , which appeared to lead nowhere except into a great expanse of meadow and banks of waist - high flowers .
here was ` ` the nice little place , '' sturdy , newly painted , lovingly maintained , modest yet beautiful in its proportions , removed from the road , removed from the world , at the edge of a green and yellow meadow profuse with flowers .
like that little fairfield porter over there , with the front porch and a lawn and the flowers . ''
the bee is bumbling around the flowers on the far side of the hedge , the maxton side .
fred sees a flower decal on one piece and realizes it was the vase on the windowsill .
a few flowers , brave but doomed , straggle in the dust by the stoop , which consists of three boards laid across two cement blocks .
the flowers he holds in his own hand add to this impression .
it is the smell of the flowers , their sweet and vibrant smell the exact opposite of the meaty stench that hung over ed 's eats .
he did n't mention the little bouquet of flowers he was holding , and dale barely noticed them ; he was too terrified of losing potter to wisconsin 's first lynching of the new millennium .
` ` okay , hollywood 's out there ... he approaches the woman ... no sign of fear ... the rest of them are quiet ... jack and the woman appear to be talking ... and holy jeezum , he 's givin ' her a bouquet of flowers !
halfway up the stairs , jack remembers speedy telling him he could use what had been left in the bathroom twice ... but he has given the flowers to tansy freneau .
dying flowers and skimpy weeds straggle in the beaten earth surrounding it .
` ` are you the man who gave me the flowers ?
but i 'll let you in , because you 're a very nice man and you gave me those beautiful flowers .
he bends and picks up a flat stone with a flower carved on it .
i enjoyed walking , and sketching flowers , and cataloging them .
as she does it , her tongue darts into his mouth in one quick plunge , there and gone , like a bee into a flower .
it 's the other smell that 's getting to him , something like blood and funeral flowers and feces all mixed up together .
mouse lets out a long , gasping sigh , and the stench is fetid bad meat , decayed flowers .
there is a faint aroma sweet and he tells himself it 's just fresh - cut flowers , one of mrs . morton 's specialties .
and it 's not flowers ; no sense fooling himself about that .
` ` i can smell flowers ... and rug shampoo ... and fried onions from last night .
a flower of blood , small and delicate , stained the collar of her shirt and just touched the edging of fake fur that bordered the zipper of her parka .
rammaden , who had died three years ago ( rainbird had sent flowers to his funeral - what a comedy life could sometimes be !
they slipped away from the group standing around the fake grass , the flowers already drooping and spilling petals in this hard rain , the coffin on its runners over the hole in the ground .
by sheer coincidence , out of all the people who could have been driving by when lizanne came out that front door , it was i. i just glanced to my left to admire the flowers in the buckleys ' front yard , and the front door opened , and a figure stumbled out .
then i thought of ordering flowers for the funeral , and called sally allison at the newspaper to find out when it would be .
the houses in this neighborhood tended to be small - two or three bedrooms - with meticulously kept little yards dominated by large trees circled with flower beds .
the hands that had planted those withered yellow flowers were now six feet underground and idle forever .
i ' ve got a riding mower , i just ride it on over when i do my yard , and there ai n't that much weed eating to do , just around a couple of flower beds .
` ` and the flower girl threw up at my own wedding , '' he concluded .
jane had had it carpeted over , so no one would think of it as a container , but only as a feature of the room , a nice place to put a plant or some pretty pillows or a flower arrangement .
a sleeveless navy blue shirtwaist with big white flowers printed on it .
the little telephone book informed me that there was a listing for a cindy 's flowers .
without thinking at all , i asked her where cindy 's flowers might be .
i started my rental car and hesitated for maybe thirty seconds before going to cindy 's flowers instead of the holiday inn .
the front of the store held displays of both silk flowers and live plants , and some samples of special arrangements for weddings and funerals .
i 'd like to send her some flowers . ''
` ` mixed spring flowers , something around forty dollars , '' i said at random .
by the time i drove my rental car back to the airport in pittsburgh , i 'd paid two more visits to the bookshop , eaten in every restaurant in town , and rigorously avoided cindy 's flowers .
` ` thanks for the flowers , aurora .
i 'd forgotten all about sending the flowers from ohio .
gold - tone butterflies in a group of three , one rather pretty painting of a bowl of flowers , two awful prints of cherubic children being sweet with cute animals , a straw basket holding dried flowers that looked extremely dusty , a plaque with the serenity prayer ...
she laid down the dried flowers she 'd been working with , dusted her hands on her apron , and came around the counter .
shondra glanced over at some pictures and a vase of dried flowers on top of the composite oak - colored tv cabinet , then back to the baby 's face .
to the cindy who runs the flower shop ? ''
then i cross in front of cindy 's flowers , and out comes this stinson guy , and he grabs me , and tells me your husband is looking for me , and i got ta go with him .
luckily for my coworkers , about ten minutes after the library opened , the heavier of the two ladies who worked at flower fantasies brought in a beautiful flower arrangement and carefully set it on the desk in front of me , as i was beginning to telephone the people who had overdue books .
luckily for my coworkers , about ten minutes after the library opened , the heavier of the two ladies who worked at flower fantasies brought in a beautiful flower arrangement and carefully set it on the desk in front of me , as i was beginning to telephone the people who had overdue books .
chrysanthemums , daisies , and other flowers i could n't identify mixed in a medley of warm colors against their dark green background .
how long had it been since anyone had sent me flowers ?
i opened my eyes and focused on my flowers again .
at noon , i trotted out of the employee door with my flowers held carefully in front of me .
` ` my flowers , '' i said , and i began to cry .
my flowers were all around me on the pavement of the parking lot , and the water in the vase had soaked my pants .
she just ran up behind and pushed me down and i dropped my flowers . ''
it was unexpected and violent , and i thought the damn flowers would end up on the ground again .
the flowers were in my hands , and i could n't drop them fast enough - i did n't want to drop them - so i kind of hit the pavement hard . ''
i put a hand out to poppy 's breakfast bar , which was laden with bright cookbooks and dried flowers , to steady myself .
was he trying to impress me with his empathy , with his regard for me as a delicate southern flower ?
the flower beds needed weeding and more mulch , and the grass had n't gotten its final mowing .
she strolled over to the raised flower bed by the fence and scratched her fingers through the pine bark that the gardener had put in as mulch .
first came the platitudes , flowers on the side of the road and a tearful memorial service at the chapel out past thompsett falls , but then the whispers started , curling around morning coffee as the town mothers sat , chatting in the front booth ; snaking louder across the street , in line at the post office , then finally scrawled in red paint across the lockers of the survivors in school .
i stopped , remembering the last time it happened , the sad wilted flowers on the side of the road .
' this , flowers and candles ?
a production assistant hands me a bunch of flowers to set on the grave .
they want me standing at her graveside , then kneeling to place the flowers down , preferably with a single teardrop sliding down my well - powdered cheek .
i lean down , and gently place the flowers on the damp grass .
she wore a flower dress and shiny black shoes , and there was ketchup on the tip of her nose .
a flower scent .
flower bouquets , in various stages of decay and propped against headstones , dotted the landscape .
a soft suggestion of flowers mixed with ... what ?
there 're flowers everywhere . ''
` ` flowers that smell like your mother 's perfume ? ''
` ` cataloging more flowers , i see . ''
` ` simplicity works , tucker , and this is a lot simpler than meeting someone on a park bench with a flower in your lapel and your shoelace untied . ''
he 's much better known for those flower drawings of his . ''
somewhere buried in the back of his own head , he 'd been picturing a magnificent granite boar 's skull spewing a glittering stream of water between its tusks , spilling its bounty into a roiling pool surrounded by blooming desert flowers .
the breakdown had covered a recess in the wall , and inside , a young woman leaned against a flat - topped rock , her left arm draped over a colony of gypsum flowers , their crystal blooms curling between her fingers .
on a wooden shelf above the sink , she spotted an array of empty grey goose bottles and antique bottles that a century ago had contained bitters and tonics , and a clear flower vase full of stained wine corks .
on one side , i saw the phone number ; on the other : ` ` you are the only flower of meditation in the wilderness . ''
a strong , steady breeze blew in from the desert , carrying the sweet , piquant smell of sagebrush , scorched earth , and flowers unknown to me .
i also sketched the local plant life : sagebrush , tumbleweed , greasewood , lupine , and several other desert flowers that i happened upon during early - evening walks .
though too big for her now , a green dress dotted with white flowers hung upon her feeble frame like outdated wallpaper .
` ` there were flowers by the headstone this morning .
you sure you didn't- '' ` ` mom , i think i 'd know if i laid flowers on dad 's grave this morning . ''
she 'd probably taken the flowers there yesterday .
a split - rail fence enclosed the front lawn , and flowers grew along a brick walkway that curved from the driveway to the front porch .
he made it as far as a boulder surrounded by flower boxes whose contents lay in ruin , but could take him no further .
a flower commonly used at weddings , which represents happy times , full of smiles , kisses , and hearts - the name screams good and pure .
of course , it 's also the most common flower used at funerals .
there was something else about the flowers , too ...
i decided that i needed to give the voice a name to differentiate between the two of us , so i started calling her lily after the dead flowers .
whether it was because of the flowers beside my bed were dying and that i wished she 'd die along with them , or if it was simply a name that had surfaced from somewhere deep in my mind .
nearby , surrounded by dead grass and dying flowers , was a log cabin .
turns out , i was never an artist , or at least said my f**ked up doodle of what was supposed to be a tree and some flowers , but sort of looked like a garden gnome stepping on ants when i closed one eye and stared at it .
it 's been too long since i ' ve seen the grass and trees , the flowers just outside , breathed the fresh air , looked at something other than these same four walls .
i can smell the scent of flowers flowing from outside .
the lawn was overgrown , but the flower beds had clearly been weeded .
` ` the flower beds could use some weeding . ''
locke , do you have anything for cassie and dean - besides weeding the flower beds ? ''
- - - for the next four days , locke and briggs were away working on their case , and other than avoiding michael and dean and weeding the flower beds for judd , there was nothing for me to do but read .
there were children who had flowers or tinder to sell , or who ran through the legs of sailors and dodged the traders , almost as anonymous as the dogs that slunk around the harbour walls and snuffled at the piles of rubbish and rotting food swept there from the day before .
one transaction with a flower girl later and i had the means to do it too .
` ` right , mate , you 're to give this spray of flowers to that fine - looking lady over there .
` ` as a matter of fact , sonny jim , it is the best i can bloody do , and for walking across the harbour and presenting a flower to a beautiful woman , it 's also the easiest halfpenny 's work there ever was . ''
so i told him that , no , she had no suitor , and i gave him the spray of flowers and his halfpenny and sent him on his way .
` ` my dear , dear caroline , my precious flower ... '' he gave a small gesture to his draughtsman , who immediately began rooting around for his quill in order to record his master 's poetic words .
` ` well if i 'd known you were so skittish , prins , i 'd have brought you a bouquet of flowers , '' torres said with forced humour , and with a last look around , he entered the graveyard .
even so , during that short walk between the carriage and the sanctuary of the chocolate house , i looked to my left and right and saw a little of london : the body of a dog lying in the gutter , a derelict retching against some railings , flower sellers , beggars , drunkards , urchins splashing in a river of mud that seemed to seethe on the street .
a filthy hand was thrust in front of my face and i looked up to see a beggar silently appealing for money with wide , beseeching eyes , bright white in contrast to the dirt of his face and hair ; a flower seller tried to bustle past father to reach jenny , and gave an outraged ` ` oi '' when mr . birch used his cane to block her path .
strapping his sword scabbard to his leg so that it would not clatter , he climbed up , swiftly , and with as little noise as a flower makes when it opens .
` ` it 's silly , but ... a bouquet of fresh flowers .
` ` i 'll get you the flowers .
we will trade : flowers for ...
fifty - one the flower market was a blaze of color and pleasant scents , and there was n't a janissary in sight .
ezio made his way through it anxiously , as nowhere in all this cornucopia had he yet been able to find any of the flowers he sought .
` ` you look like a man with money to spend , '' said a flower seller , as ezio approached his stall .
the flower seller looked doubtful .
the flower seller thought about the problem for a moment , then leaned forward .
ezio smiled , took out his wallet , and tipped the flower seller generously .
her face , framed in fine blond hair , was oval , her nose tip - tilted like a flower , her lips generous and humorous , as were her intelligent eyes - a deep , dark brown , which were welcoming when she looked at you and yet seemed to withhold something of herself .
left alone , lucrezia picked a marguerite from a clump of the flowers that were growing nearby and started to pluck its petals off , one by one .
sean 's father , who often worked as a handyman around the neighborhood , came down here to build his birdhouses and the shelves he placed on the windows for his wife 's flowers .
a hippie - looking guy pulled up in a hippie - looking yellow convertible with faded purple flower petals painted on the sunbaked doors , and miss powell climbed in the car and they drove off , jimmy thinking , no .
* * * when sean reached the part of the jogging path that circled around the fence of the co - op garden , he nodded at some of the cops working the flowers and soil for clues , could see a tight anticipation in most of their faces that told him they 'd already heard by now .
bobby and his friends blew up her flower shop . ''
` ` not blow up her fucking flower shop , '' annabeth said , and took another sip of coffee , sean thinking it again this woman was hard - core .
it was a blue dress with an off - the - shoulder cut to it , and celeste remembered when katie had worn it to carla eigen 's wedding , a blue - and - yellow flower pinned to the side of her upswept hair just over the ear .
` ` have you thought about flowers ? ''
if you 'd prefer donations in lieu of flowers , things like that . ''
jimmy had heard the rumors how they 'd forged some kind of deal with the vietnamese gangs up in rome basin to keep the gooks from muscling in , carved up the territory and then celebrated the alliance by burning connie 's flower shop to the ground as a warning to anyone who refused to pay their insurance premiums .
gardeners with manacled ankles tended to the grass and trees and flower beds and even an array of rosebushes that grew along the foundation of the hospital .
he could see her sitting in the early july haze , in that dark orange light a city gets on summer nights just after sundown , looking up as he pulled to the curb and the kids returned to their stickball game in the middle of the street , and the laundry flapped overhead , and she watched him approach with her chin propped on the heel of her hand and the cigarette held up by her ear , and he 'd brought flowers for once , and she was so simply his love , his girl , watching him approach as if she were memorizing him and his walk and those flowers anal this moment , and he wanted to ask her what sound a heart made when it broke from pleasure , when just the sight of someone filled you the way food , blood , and air never could , when you felt as if you 'd been born for only one moment , and this , for whatever reason , was it .
he could see her sitting in the early july haze , in that dark orange light a city gets on summer nights just after sundown , looking up as he pulled to the curb and the kids returned to their stickball game in the middle of the street , and the laundry flapped overhead , and she watched him approach with her chin propped on the heel of her hand and the cigarette held up by her ear , and he 'd brought flowers for once , and she was so simply his love , his girl , watching him approach as if she were memorizing him and his walk and those flowers anal this moment , and he wanted to ask her what sound a heart made when it broke from pleasure , when just the sight of someone filled you the way food , blood , and air never could , when you felt as if you 'd been born for only one moment , and this , for whatever reason , was it .
he wept and he saw dolores on the stoop as he brought her flowers and dolores looking back over her shoulder at him on their honeymoon and dolores in her violet dress and pregnant with edward and removing one of her eyelashes from his cheek as she pulled away from his kiss and curled in his arms as she gave his hand a peck and laughing and smiling her sunday - morning smiles and staring at him as the rest of her face broke around those big eyes and she looked so scared and so alone , always , always , some part of her , so alone ...
they drove a van and carried bags of candy and bright balloons , and bouquets of flowers exploded out from their oversized sleeves .
` ` it is , '' she assured me and dropped flowers in the grave onto his coffin .
as mullen took a right at the flower stand in front of the old state house , broussard crossed washington and followed .
it floated on its back in the green water , its flower - print dress soiled and wet .
near the foundation , however , someone had planted a small garden , and the flowers had begun to bud or bloom .
poole 's glock jumped out of his hand and landed in the flower bed below the porch and his shotgun clattered down the steps .
rusted hot plates hung from their cords against the rear wall alongside third - rate paintings of empty fields , clowns , and flowers in vases , all the surfaces soiled by orange juice or grime or coffee .
i could tell you how many of the buildings had roof gardens or just flower boxes jutting from windowsills , which were occupied by businessmen and -women , tennis players , joggers , pet owners , and artists running out with paint - splattered shirts only to return ten minutes later with charrette bags filled with sable brushes .
i had sticky fingers in my cd player , turned up loud , the way sticky fingers should always be played , and i was right at the point in ` ` dead flowers '' where i always sang along to jagger getting goofy with the words ` ` kentucky derby day . ''
i came home with flowers i could n't afford and chinese takeout i could n't afford , either .
flowers bloomed earlier than predicted ; near the end of the month their perfume reached windows high above the streets .
lying together in the smell of flowers and the constant threat of a rain that never fell , as the ships left for europe , as the patriots rallied in the streets , as a new world seemed to sprout beneath them even quicker than the blooming flowers , danny knew the relationship was doomed .
his father took in the room , the fresh curtains , the new bedspread , the flowers in the vase on the table by the window .
when he reached the house , he went in through the back , taking the path along the side so he could check on his flowers , and they seemed as pleased as he to finally have some water .
just as he finished refueling , a strange chill wind blew , bringing a mist of rain with it and brushing a flower against her knee .
she plucked the spent flower , smelled it , then wadded it up in frustration .
blooming flowers , '' she breathed , staring in disbelief .
because of lachlain , she could now determine that she enjoyed - in addition to getting gifts from vending machines and popping bubble wrap - showers big enough for two , stripping to his riveted gaze , drinking straight from the tap , and night - blooming flowers .
damn , he should have brought flowers .
he almost teased her , but she was obviously as nervous about what he might ask as he was , so he merely said , ` ` what 's your favorite flower ? ''
sam , marguerite , and the other women had worked magic in the room in the very short time allotted , placing a screen around the toilet to allow privacy , installing a coffee machine , flowers , bedside tables , an area rug , and even books , though those had n't even had their bindings cracked .
he suspected sometimes it was slow , growing like a sweet - smelling flower that buds and blossoms , but other times it could be fast .
as he opened it , christian glanced around the room , his gaze sliding over the tasteful furniture , and pausing on the king - sized bed as he took note of the flowers and robes arranged on the comforter .
moving to the bed , christian quickly brushed aside the robe and flowers and lay down .
it made her more precious than diamonds and more beautiful than the loveliest flower to him .
` ` but find an orchid , or something equally exotic and have the waiter bring it to her along with a card saying that she is as beautiful and rare as the flower . ''
christian cleared his throat , and asked , ` ` how is that going to fix- '' ` ` because you are going to tell her that was the explanation you gave me when we got in here , that you 'd paid the waiter to go get the flower for her .
that he 'd winked to let you know that he had found a flower and that you winked back to indicate you understood .
and , of course , you 'll tell her that zanipolo is out getting a flower now to uphold the lie . ''
` ` zanipolo , go find that flower .
she wo n't ask in front of everyone and once the flower arrives , i will explain that i nearly ruined the surprise when i caught you and the waiter communicating across the room with your eyes and misunderstood . ''
` ` we 'll leave as soon as zanipolo returns with the flower , '' julius said quietly .
` ` thank you for my flower .
` ` well , i ' ve showered you with flowers , bought you drinks and given you chocolate ... we 're practically going steady now . ''
carolyn removed the necklace of flowers and raised her eyebrows in question .
but it had positively devoured him when the man had put his arm around carolyn as she 'd placed a necklace of flowers around his neck .
` ` your flowers , wench , '' he announced , grabbing the necklace of blooms off the wheel and placing it around her neck .
` ` besides , i promised you flowers , drinks , and chocolate on your return . ''
a little charm , a few compliments , a couple of dates and kisses , some flowers and - as he put it - a bit of drivel about how our happy accident must have been fate pushing us together - and i was easily convinced to fly off to vegas for a quickie wedding . ''
her body responded to it like a flower opening to the sun .
she was still trying to come to grips with the terrible news of the attack on the darkhaven in hamburg , let alone register the idea that not a few minutes ago her biggest worry was the proper placement of a garden bench or flower bed .
reichen stared at the model of the tranquil park with its reflection pools and walking trails and meticulously plotted flower beds .
all the details were just as she had them on the architect 's model , down to the very last bench and flower bed .
you should have just gone with flowers .
the universe would be sent flowers .
` ` he also made inappropriate amorous advances to a startled grandmotherly sort selling flowers , an irish wolfhound , an innocent hat stand in a dwelling he broke into , and myself .
the flower crumbled in his palm as if it were made of ash , as if it had already been dead .
she knelt daintily , delicately , her skirts billowing around her like the petals of a flower .
perhaps she was dressing the altar with flowers .
was she putting flowers on a grave ?
it smelled like blood and flowers , and she hesitated to even guess what its purpose might have been .
` ` ' she will come clothed in flowers , shod in blueand scarlet , '' ' the girl was saying .
` ` you named your horse after a flower ? ''
and jasmine finding flowers on her pillow every morning in contrast to the fox scat i kept finding in my shoes .
i need to put flowers on her grave and thank her for going on without me . ''
it meant ` ` purple flower '' in greek and had come to me after all the times adrian talked to me about the sparks of purple in my aura .
you could ' ve saved yourself the money on the flowers and just brought me him .
i told them that when they got the flowers , but would they listen to me ?
flowers and more flowers .
i 'd seen her fill it with dirt from one of amberwood 's flower beds when we 'd come inside earlier .
the woman had left echoes of herself in the cottage - an old bangle lost under the bed , rather soppy notes in some of the ancient notebooks , vases full of desiccated flowers ... you can build up a very strange view of someone via the things they leave behind the dresser .
there was flowers on the moor and the bridge was just stepping stones .
ye think we 're flowers o ' the forest fairies ? '
she walked over to my flowers and smelled one , her blonde hair leaning forward with her and brushing against the lengthy stems .
fresh flowers were in every room and spaced evenly along the hallway , so that the entire upper floor smelled of freesia .
she brought me a bouquet of wild flowers and enough chocolate cupcakes for the entire staff , which i think finally made clarice okay with the whole distraction .
i smiled at the blue beauty with the old - fashioned white shutters and flower boxes , and a bright red door .
the far end of the tent held a low bench with candles and roses and a wooden arch directly over it was draped in the twining flowers .
she opened every dark mahogany drawer , examined everything in the double fridge ( that mainly was holding flowers - no blood , thank goodness ) and exclaimed loudly at the walk in freezer ( which also thankfully had no blood , any visible blood at least ) .
` ` he came into work with a bouquet of flowers , looking hot as hell . ''
i took the flower as we all sat down , a little marveled by the botanical beauty around us , enclosed under a huge glass roof , showing us the pitch black night outside .
as i held my breath , the dizzying scent of various species of flowers stopping , gabriel flicked a quick glance at us .
a light , flower scent caught the air just as an averagely pretty woman stepped out of the cab .
even though they had n't picked out a date yet , tracey had already finalized her flower choices and from what ben had told teren , she 'd even already started getting them wedding cake samples .
halina looking uncomfortable as she held her small bouquet of flowers , tracey looking perfectly at ease , her flowers resting right over her baby bump .
halina looking uncomfortable as she held her small bouquet of flowers , tracey looking perfectly at ease , her flowers resting right over her baby bump .
when i reached the front door , there was a bouquet of flowers with a note .
` ` but you already gave me flowers this morning , '' i said .
the last time i 'd wanted flowers pinned on me was when alexander gave me a corsage for the snow ball .
instead of using pins and needles , alexander was kind enough to clip the flower in my barrette .
i realized i was with the most gorgeous guy - holding his hand and wearing one of the flowers he 'd given me in my hair .
` ` then what were the flowers ? ''
she was convinced she was miscalculating the purchase of the three most deadly flower arrangements .
it was invaluable for eavesdropping , and she 'd decorated it to look like a morning glory flower .
professor lefoux 's glass was all gears in grays and blues , lady linette 's was roses in reds and pinks , and sister mattie 's was vines and flowers in greens and yellows .
who supplied the best fresh flowers in london ?
not at all , sweet almond flower . ''
he let her body set the pace , sinking deeper only when she opened for him like an unfurling flower .
he released her and thrust the flowers at her .
` ` maybe i wil , when you try the flower thing with someone else . ''
she let him back away and resumed putting the flowers in a vase .
she carried the flower arrangement into the living room and set it on an end table .
and the wallpaper 's little flowers .
the pattern seemed to be a flower .
at home , she stayed busy , prodding her mother to wrap packages and dust off the plastic christmas flower arrangements .
her natural fragrance and the faint aroma of herbs and flowers that drifted from her skin and hair seemed to surround him like arms holding him close .
he smelled her first , her clean fragrance , the scent of flowers drifting from her hair .
the drug he has given you is an ancient one , gregori explained , the words brushing softly in her mind , made from the pressed petals of a flower found only in the northern regions of our lands .
she would walk and flowers and grass would grow beneath her feet .
` ` you are such a little hothouse flower , '' nicolae taunted .
she wanted a place where flowers grew in abundance .
as she moved across the field , flowers sprang up under the soles of her feet as if she scattered seeds along the fertile ground .
she crossed through a field of alpine flowers , the blossoms everywhere as she pushed through the high grasses toward the slope of timber .
flowers and grass gave way to bushes and scrub .
a few heartier flowers had managed to find their way into the crevices .
she watched the ground below them , inexplicably sad , the vivid shades of green , the riot of colors from the meadows of flowers and the stacks of hay dotting the rolling hills , all blurring together until she blinked away the tears swimming in her eyes .
` ` you must find out her favorite flower and give her as many as you can afford . ''
he waved his hand toward the earth and flowers sprang up , thousands of soft petals to cushion her body as he floated them easily to the waiting bed .
she woke to the scent of flowers .
i liked their idea of flowers , though . ''
destiny leaned into the wall of flowers .
destiny responded like a flower opening to him .
he had no time for flames or flowers ; he could only think of burying himself deeper and deeper in her body .
her fresh scent mingled with the fragrant flower and was carried on the breeze , wafting through the forest and high into the trees .
he was striding across a field filled with flower crushed by the barrage of hail .
her gaze hung there , entranced by the flower 's unusual beauty , the precise creation of nature .
she wandered around outdoors , inhaling the scent of pine trees and flowers .
` ` i thought the flowers might cheer her up , '' thomas said easily .
` ` did you want to leave the flowers for alexandria ?
she was not looking forward to a confrontation with the police , but she could use the flowers .
you want to use those flowers to drive aidan crazy with jealousy . ''
` ` i simply could not abide such beautiful flowers going to waste .
why had n't he thought of flowers ?
alexandria buried her face in the flowers , inhaling the sweet fragrance .
there was some satisfaction in her blaming ivan , aidan thought , but it did n't help to have her cuddling those accursed flowers .
` ` i think the living room is the perfect place to put the flowers , '' alexandria agreed .
he was glaring at the long - stemmed flowers , his golden gaze intense and menacing .
you leave my flowers alone .
` ` mr . ivan , your flowers have certainly brightened up our home . ''
` ` and he was going to wither my flowers . ''
` ` as to the flowers , i was only glowering at them because she was acting so silly over the damned things . ''
of course she would choose flowers that could bloom at night .
in his arms , next to his hard strength , she felt fragile , delicate , like an exotic flower that could be easily broken .
a grotto of limestone covered in tangled vines of flowers would be her only marker , but he opened the earth deep and gave her a place to rest .
flowers burst into bright color , winding up the great trunks , curling around limbs , petals drenched and dripping , alive with vivid beauty through the various shades of green that made up the rain forest .
flowers closed petals and shrank away from the abomination .
she could hear the moan of the trees and the wail of the grass as the undead trampled ferns and brush , withered flowers and leaves , poisoning everything they touched .
he made her feel special and beautiful , almost like a fragile flower there in the rain forest .
the green of the courtyard provided an oasis of sorts , colors rioting with one another from the various flowers and bushes .
the body had been removed , but the blood remained , staining the flower beds , the slabs of stepping stones and the dark , rich soil .
marguarita has not even appeared to notice what he 's doing with his flowers and candy .
she was so beautiful to him , as complex and mysterious as the most beautiful flower he 'd ever seen .
in your hands , i ' m a flower .
he waved his hand , and the leaves began to tangle with flowers , forming a solid bed , thick and soft and inviting .
she sank rather gingerly onto the bed of leaves and flowers , trying to hold the image of leeches in her mind , but the flowers gave off a wonderful fragrance and the bed was as soft as the best mattress she 'd ever lain on .
he patted the mattress of flowers .
manolito continued to pace , so she sank down onto the flowers , surprised that once again they released their fragrance , filling the air with soothing scent .
she caught his hand and tugged until he sank beside her on the cushion of flowers .
he lifted her hips again , dragging her over the thick bed of flowers so he could rest her legs on his broad shoulders , the pulsing head of his cock lodged in her entrance .
flowers wound up and down the trunks of the trees , blossoming in every vibrant color possible .
he walked the worn path to the front steps , noticing the flowers and shrubbery .
flowers winding up tree trunks lost petals .
there was even a flower arrangement , although bonnie noticed the orchids in it matched caroline 's pale green scarf exactly .
` ` i want to get a picture of us all on the couch , '' caroline said , positioning them behind the flower arrangement .
it looked as if someone might be crouching behind each of the many standing flower arrangements .
she stared at the flowers , at a heart made of pink roses .
elena 's headstone was in the new cemetery , of course , where the grass was still tended and the graves marked with wreaths of flowers .
along the bottom of the wall she had carved sentences in the carpathian language , the letters intricate with vines and leaves weaving in and out of them along with finely etched flowers woven into the sentences .
there were no fancy letters this time , no vines and flowers interwoven in those stark words .
they had laughed together so often , running free through the fields of flowers and skimming stones over the placid waters of the lake .
i have always wanted to grow my own flowers .
he had n't expected ... this - the wonder and beauty of love blossoming right here in his garden along with his flowers .
she looked around the lush garden with its abundance of shrubs and flowers .
she stood up , knowing they would make way for her on the path winding through the flowers and shrubs .
they could also hear don giovanni singing softly under his breath as he puttered around the courtyard , checking his beloved flowers .
your calls and flowers are n't wanted . ''
your grandfather is in the courtyard looking at his flowers .
she laid josef in the garden bed , uncaring that she squashed her grandfather 's flowers .
` ` it 's called a flower , '' sylas says proudly .
his gaze darts to the flower in my hand and he quickly confiscates it .
i stare at the flower in his hand .
then he smashes the flower in his hand , breaking it into pieces .
i stare at the pieces of the flower for a long time .
` ` when i was a little girl and you gave me the red flower . ''
i spot the swing where sylas gave me the flower and the corners of my lips tilt up .
i touch my palm , recalling how the red flower felt against my skin .
but all i see is a little girl holding a red flower and a boy with dark eyes secretly wanting to make her happy .
` ` oh , god - i know somebody who wears a ring with a black flower on it . ''
it 's his dub flower .
ash picked up the black flower gingerly .
no - there was only one flower rowan had mentioned that this could possiblybe .
his eyes were as greenas hellebore flowers .
the shoulder - length wig swung here and there as she warmed up , and the pink artificial flower wobbled .
` ` you look like a flower , '' he said , his voice low with admiration .
she bent , picked up a rock from a flower bed and steeled herself to smash a windowpane , but at the last moment , she tried the door .
he tried to put it out of his mind as he considered the possibility of stopping somewhere to buy flowers to place on elise 's tomb .
she smelled like soil , as if she 'd been out digging in the flower beds in the middle of the night .
as she crested the knoll , she could see the fresh mound of her father 's grave piled high with flowers .
the flowers blooming around the front steps lifted their faces to the morning sunshine .
he looked away , over the flowers and bushes and lawn .
it 's not like flowers or candy .
my pixy returned to land on the fake flowers in their vase full of cigarette butts .
my wife is gon na make me sleep in the flower boxes if i come home smelling like this .
fingers trembling , i reached for a cheap , thick - walled vase that had n't seen a flower for months .
jenks said i stank like an explosion in a flower factory .
the youngest bairn could dance among the flowers this morning . ''
` ` had me in bed for three days with the shivers and jerks , but we kept our claim on the southside flower boxes .
` ` you might want to try a perfume with a citrus base instead of a flower . ''
i thought about what jenks had said about risking death by a bee sting for a pair of measly flower boxes .
searching for a good stick or a rock - anything she could use to impress kellan with her abilities - mira weaved through the covered flower beds , around the burlap - wrapped shrubs , and into the maze of statuary and evergreens that spread out across the long backyard of the estate .
fragrant flowers were strewn all over the floor .
it was a metal flower , one of the roses that adorned the wrought iron posts and canopy of his bed frame .
then the bag on my chest began to burn , and the sweet scent of fennel and flowers flooded the air .
five seconds later , kellen came in , bearing the biggest bunch of flowers i 'd ever seen .
` ` no one 's ever brought me flowers in the hospital before . ''
` ` except the flower seller practically accosted me and accused me of not caring . ''
` ` guerrilla tactics for flower sellers ?
` ` well , there were n't many men getting by her without buying some flowers , let me tell you . ''
he placed the flowers on the bedside table , then sat down on the edge of the bed and caught my hand in his .
like a flower opening to the sun she let him in , and then it was mason 's turn to bite back a moan .
the deck extended around the dirigible 's side and then in , before another deck rounded back out again , like flower petals .
mrs . temminnick looked up from a consultation with the gardener over which flowers to cut for the ball .
it was n't real tea , but something with flowers and weeds in it .
send her flowers for her grave .
` ` my dad would n't let my date pin the flower on , so he did it himself . ''
` ` it 's probably more flowers . ''
i pushed the door open , squinting from the late sun as i picked my way through the sympathy offerings ranging from professional flower arrangements to crayon - bright pages torn from coloring books .
` ` bless you , '' he said as he passed me , thinking i had put the flower there , not just picked it up .
i could n't find anything in my language of flowers book that said , ' i ' m sorry .
the trees were all full of new green leaves , and in the gardens flowers were blooming .
it was some dark - paneled room , with a big wooden round table , an ornate flower arrangement in the middle .
and those flowers represent death - or life after death , i guess .
` ` it smells like flowers in here , '' aislin pinches her nose as we tiptoe up the hall .
the front door 's cracked and smashed flower pots splinter across the steps .
it also explains the broken flower pots on the front steps .
the fey 's massive feet smash the dirt , flattening the leaves and flowers into the ground like pancakes .
hedges fence the towering trees and leafy flowers .
he whistles happily as we walk to the middle of the field , where the dry grass is compressed and the flowers slowly crumble to death .
my mother had me wait by a cluster of flowers while she went to find my grandmother .
the sky is clear , the sun beaming down across the flowers dotting the shallow hills and paths .
we walk across the path and then step out onto a grassy area that 's surrounded by bushes , flowers and lofty trees .
a small tower of stone rose like a bony finger from the center of the floor ; a gar- land of long - dead flowers hung around it .
and then they were out in the vestibule , away from the choking smell of flowers and the subtle smell of death , and all claire could think was , how is that closure ?
tall and slender , but without the excessive thinness of some young girls , her movements had that careless supple grace that recalls the waving of a flower stalk in the breeze .
dappled patterns of afternoon light sifted over my gloved hands as i knelt on a green foam pad and strained to reach the back of the flower bed where grass had taken root despite the shade of the mature oak above it .
inching my pad down the flower bed , i felt a band of worry tighten in me .
the breeze shifted a red curl to tickle my face , and i tucked it away , glancing past the rosebush to the back of the flower bed .
the ladder slipped , crashing down into the very flower bed they had destroyed .
so much for coffee , toast , juice , and a flower , i thought , hearing ivy 's voice rise in disgust before kisten shut her door and cut off her complaints .
exhaling , i stretched my awareness past the clapboard walls of the kitchen , past the flower beds already feeling the light presence of pixies , to the small underused ley line running through the graveyard .
jenks caught the smallest before he fell into the flowers .
` ` this stuff tastes like it 's already been through the bee , '' he said , rising to place it with the rest , ` ` but seeing as the only flowers they have here are stale daisies and dehydrated roses , it will do . ''
it smelled wonderful , rich with subtle perfumes of exotic flowers and vines filtering out from behind an obvious pair of glass doors .
big al used demon magic to look like people he had never seen , plucking their description and voice from memories like i picked flowers from my garden .
` ` we 're fine , '' jenks said loudly , his eyes on the hanging flowers and clearly not knowing where my thoughts were .
if we had jumped through all the hoops , we never would have gotten the front entry way gardens or the flower boxes . ''
he had dropped tradition to gain a six - by - eight swath of garden and some flower boxes .
he was back almost immediately with a dew - wet , closed flower , and after shooing his kids from the window , he set it next to the lopsided pentagram i had sketched on my mobile chalkboard .
i winced at the potted flowers on the sidewalk , wondering if i could get them moved .
everyone at our end of the table was long gone ; the ring bearer and his parents , the three flower girls and their folks , the ushers , and the woman who was going to sing were all laughing in a fawning circle about ellasbeth .
ceri had come over after hearing what i was going to do , and though she 'd pursed her lips in disapproval , she 'd helped the pixies braid my hair and work in the flowers .
adrenaline shivered through me as a wave of flower scents hit me .
the eyes of cincy 's finest were on me , and as my boots smeared the flower petals , i prayed that i would n't slip on them and fall on my ass .
grimacing , i tried to find a kick - ass posture while wearing a lace dress and flowers in my hair .
his hand was against the altar for balance , and the flowers on it were turning black .
it was a cold , dismissive sound that made the anger boil that much faster ` ` that pansy could n't find his way out of a flower shop , '' he said .
` ` would you bring in some mullein leaves and jewelweed flowers when you get the chance ?
` ` head off toward those yellow flowers over there behind that stone angel .
ran around trees and bushes , flowers and stones .
even teira seemed to soak up the heat like a flower turning to the sun .
in a startling fashion , this one wafted into existence out of the center of the new rug , directly through the bouquet of flowers depicted there .
` ` this may be distressing to hear , my flower , but i ' m afraid it simply must be said .
i should add one or two rosettes or a fresh flower , just here . ''
but , my dearest flower , how ghastly to consider that such a mustache must shadow the clean - shaven grandeur of my domicile . ''
why did n't she just say ` ` delicate flower '' or ` ` carnal treasure '' or something equally stupid ?
a breeze from the open window carried the scent of flowers .
the only dress i 'd brought was a white sundress with blue flowers on it .
for a second , i wondered if this was his social y awkward way of trying to give me flowers , but he said , ` ` any prodigium can do it , real y .
` ` thanks , but that poor little flower looks like it 's suffered enough .
the flower stirred under my hand , but when i cracked my eyelids , it looked as brown as ever .
the flower was stil awful y droopy , but just behind it were two other smal er , non - droopy flowers .
` ` yeah , wel , shiny new flowers or not , there 's stil a broken pot , and a very sad old violet . ''
most girls got flowers .
it fell heavily into a bed of impatiens , squashing the flowers .
` ` i was dressed as the flower girl .
i got mad and poured the flowers on his shoes .
dullsville 's florist shop was a family - owned one - room store with a huge display of flowers , vases , and knickknacks .
billy looked lost in the jungle of flowers without his cell , computer , or video games , clearly bored .
` ` i do n't even know what she is wearing , '' he said when i showed him a few flowers .
billy politely handed her the flower box .
i held the flowers and smelled them as the sun set behind me .
` ` i got a bouquet of flowers , '' stormy said , rushing to him .
` ` i think those flowers are your answer , '' i said , ` ` but i 'll check with him for sure . ''
` ` but will you be the flower girl ?
stormy emerged , holding her black satin basket of flowers .
stormy sprinkled the flowers around us and the coffin , and becky fanned out my dress .
filled with guilt , he 'd charged out to pick her flowers , the only thing he could give her .
flowers opened their petals , carpeting the ground with all shades of pastels , from the barest lavender , to the daintiest yellow .
` ` i 'd trade every flower and tree for the chance to sit inside a theater and watch a movie .
` ` i know you give your women flowers and candy , '' she said , stomach clenching at the thought of how each one had rewarded him with kisses .
he leaned down , and licked his tongue around one of her nipples , then the other , tasting the nectar of whatever flower flavored the water .
bring her flowers and ask her on dates , no .
` ` what about you , miss oh , sir , please let my friends go ; i ' m such a delicate little flower ?
janice said , inhaling the scent and placing the flowers in the vase .
i looked out the window and saw the deliveryman stepping into a white van with the words flower power spelled out in daisies .
it was a flower power delivery order .
ruby was still arranging her flowers .
i imagined alexander standing over me with flowers , begging my forgiveness for leaving so abruptly .
` ` ruby loved the flowers .
` ` like a flower , but there is something ... else .
remind me to send flowers for the funeral . ''
i saw a groundsman tending to a bed of flowers - old william morris , my friend alan 's grandfather .
` ` i ' ve managed to preserve those flowers for over six hundred years . ''
her gaze drifted over his bare chest , then shifted back to the dried flowers in the box .
his nose twitched with the soft scent of baby powder and flowers .
her rose sweater reminded him of just that , a flower , with her soft scent and delicate features .
esme dropped her face into her hands , and the flower scent around her increased as she blushed .
his senses heightened by the fear creeping down his back , he was completely lost in the smell of her hair , the flowers , and her warmth as it pushed against him in the darkness .
it reminded him of esme , her soft warmth that smelled like flowers .
the spell between them did n't prevent him from smelling the flowers in her hair or seeing the bright sparkle in her eyes from the fearful tears that stayed wavering on the edge .
` ` i guess for a fairy , smelling like flowers is n't very original . ''
the only decoration present was a tiny vase with dead lavender flowers i d placed on a small table a few days before .
he wanted to know what i was doingwhat i liked to dowhat were my favorite flowers .
oh she picked through the flowers .
becky tried to envelop the flowers in her unbuttoned paisley cardigan , but her sweater was too small and a few buds peeked out from her neckline .
i ca nt believe you d give away flowers from alexander , he charged .
why is he giving you flowers ?
giving flowers to another guys girl ?
does alexander know sebastian gave you flowers ?
it was flowers .
he has no idea the flowers were for her .
raven tells me you sent flowers to becky at school ?
then what were those flowers doing on mrs . hathaways desk ?
or flowers ?
a trickling creek ran beneath it and a tiny broken bench overlooked a dead bed of flowers .
hurricane lamps and framed flowers lined the mantel .
after all the texts , the flowers , and the visits , she s still with you .
the wedding planner had acted like she wanted brynley 's approval of the dinner menu and flower arrangements , but it was all going to happen whether she liked it or not .
she 'd gathered flowers without learning their names in latin .
had she picked these flowers herself ?
she sat down on her bed , gazing at the dried flowers in her hand .
angus had green eyes , but she could n't imagine him giving her flowers .
and although his hearts and flowers had n't been unrequited , that did n't matter .
he looked outward ... across the flower beds and the hedge maze ... to the estate next door .
staring out over the battened - down flower beds and the spindly fruit trees that had yet to bloom , he felt the cool , smooth stone under his hands and the breeze in his still - damp hair and the tight pull of the muscles across the small of his back .
well , you know ... you 're not exactly the kind of female a guy would get flowers for .
and at the front door ... he recalled walking in with flowers .
and now it was taking a shit in the other flower beds .
across the porcelain and the silver , on the far side of the bouquets of flowers and the curling candelabra , a robed figure sat motionless and self - contained in a chair precisely opposite his own .
standing in the field of colorful flowers , she took deep breaths ... and prayed that she would be left alone .
well , that and the smell of fresh - cut flowers from fritz doing his midday vase routine out in the hall .
` ` you have allergies to those flowers ? ''
` ` there 's no need to explain - by the way , the flowers in here are gorgeous .
and the shit smelled like flowers .
fresh flowers ?
everything had been prepped for winter , the beds of flowers quilted in mesh covers , the fruit trees bagged , the pool now drained .
surgery was a huge revenue center for any teaching hospital , and big money was always spent to recruit , hold , and house the brilliant , arrogant hothouse flowers who cut people open for a living .
and the flower beds that were - blay had been injured .
he landed facedown in a flower bed , and stayed there , his limbs going dead meat and then some .
it had n't hurt that she was a breathtaking beauty , as fragile as a frost flower .
she did n't see any flowers this time .
a smell of faint , dusty roses came from the paper , like it had been stored in a trunk with dried flowers .
` ` two of your fair flowers apiece should do it , i reckon . ''
every so often a clerk would come out and nail another communique on the gates ; the crowd would close over it like a hand , open again like a flower .
` ` we ... uh ... '' the girl who had spoken to bonnie gestured at the photos and flowers against the wal .
in one , a row of girls carried garlands of flowers for some forgotten campus occasion .
there was a flower bed there , and he reached into it , feeling petals as soft as silk .
she would find the flower and know that it was from him .
she tucked the flower inside her bag and set off down the hal , her heels clicking firmly .
` ` i was beginning to feel like the biggest wal flower . ''
` ` a wal flower ? ''
he asked a couple of pledges to bring roses and lilies to decorate the room - it sounded like he was expecting them to buy out a couple of flower stores - others to find candles .
he was sitting in a velvet - backed chair in a huge underground room , as col ege students roamed around arranging flowers and candles .
but the little arrangements of flowers seemed chintzy and false somehow , like a stage set in the vatican .
more flowers had been scattered on the floor , and the scent of the crushed blossoms underfoot was so strong that it was dizzying .
exquisite , brightly colored homes lined the streets , well - dressed civilians bustled here and there , perfectly manicured flowers and plants adorned the walkways .
out of the corner of my eye , i saw the beautiful field of pink flowers explode into flame , too close to withstand my energy as it flared into an uncontrollable storm .
it fell , as i did , scattering the cake and the presents , the flowers and the plates .
i stared at the flowers , trying to ignore the utter peace of their moment , and the wretched throbbing of my wounds .
the flowers ' smell reminded me of a funeral home .
she had a basket of flowers on her lap and held a daisy to her nose , as if she did n't have a care in the world .
it smelled like flowers , but there was something else : the intoxicating aroma that i 'd only experienced when i was near katherine .
i ' m not sure if it was the fresh air or the flowers emily had brought me , but i slept soundly that night .
he was wearing his riding breeches and carried his black riding crop , a smile on his face and a sprig of a violet flower in his lapel .
father 's hand fluttered to the flower on his lapel .
` ` are those the flowers i picked for you ? ''
she 'd loved to garden and had always bemoaned the fact that the flowers that bloomed in her native france simply could n't withstand the hard virginia soil .
if i had one of her daisies , i could pluck the leaves and let the flower choose for me .
we ' ve got a lot of confederate government officials passing through mystic falls on their way to richmond , and if word gets out that instead of aiding the cause we 're fighting storybook creatures with flowers ... '' he shook his head .
` ` i would be honored to wear your flower for you . ''
my statement of thanks was less for the flower and more for father showing mercy on damon .
katherine walked in , her thin arms filled with a bouquet of flowers of all different shapes and sizes -- roses and hydrangeas and lilies of the valley .
` ` emily and i were picking the flowers by the pond , and i thought you might appreciate some color . ''
both wore purple sprigs of vervain -- a tuft stuck out of mr . cartwright 's breast pocket , and the flowers were woven into mrs . cartwright 's hat -- but other than that , they were clad entirely in black , for mourning .
on hands and knees i crawled in my torn dress around the garden of the peristyle , gathering flowers for these gods .
i saw the stars and great fields of flowers , such fields ... '' it was no good .
but my offering to the goddess , i want it to be flowers , and bread , warm from the oven , a small loaf . ''
i laid out the flowers .
look , back at the courtyard of the temple of isis , look at the flowers covering the top of the wall !
those flowers are in themselves enough to lift a person out of sorrow .
let them lay flowers on an altar before a statue of basalt ! ''
i heard water dropping from the flowers .
i saw flowers right near me .
i flung out my arm and felt the softness of flowers .
the house with all its warm lamps seemed crude and fragile , a bumbled attempt to make an order of things , which could not compare to the making of one complete flower .
was i to see him cry again , this flawless familiar and beloved god among crushed flowers ?
they deserve their worshipers bringing flowers to them .
to the scattered flowers everywhere that said , we are your bed .
a sudden sense of the shrine came back to me , of the queen 's nectar and the shower of flower petals .
i wanted to go out again , speak to the flowers , pick them up in handfuls .
` ` she must gather recollections like flowers picked at random from the garden of the world , like leaves falling into her hands , and from these recollections she fastened for me a garland !
but i could not regret the moment of intoxication when i 'd drunk her blood and believed in her , and seen the flowers come down upon us .
as you bring their flowers ! ''
and it matters not that i stopped to listen to paul preach of christ , or that i weave flowers into crowns for the queen , or that i dance like a fool under the moon in the garden before dawn , or that i ... that i love you .
she was wearing a ful -skirted white flower girl 's dress tied with a wide green sash , and she clutched a basket of roses in her other hand .
a picture postcard - perfect smal southern town of deep - porched houses surrounded by careful y tended flower gardens and big old trees .
flowers looked like the epitome of a sweet , dotty elderly lady : soft flyaway gray hair drawn back in a bun , a politely vague expression , a wardrobe that leaned toward pastels or shabby blacks , and a habit of muttering quietly , apparently to herself .
flowers said , looking around at the others , ` ` it seems to me that the first thing to do is to figure out what the intention is behind the appearance of the names .
the grass was mowed , the hedges were perfectly trimmed , and he had set out some daisies in the flower beds near the house .
she watched intently as he opened and closed his hand several times , revealing flower then bud , flower then bud .
flowers had packed salads and breads and desserts for them , as wel as meat and corn to gril on a hibachi stefan had brought from the boardinghouse .
would you do me a favor and pick up some flowers for margaret on your way over ?
` ` i'l go visit him tomorrow and bring him some of the flowers from our garden he 's been working so hard on .
flowers , taking his place by bonnie 's bedside .
flowers , alaric , and meredith were enjoying a breakfast of croissants , jam , fruit , and sausages .
flowers for inspection , they had not yet discovered what kind of spel caleb had been doing , or what purpose the roses served .
it was a beautiful flower , but deadly looking , its color reminding her of poisoned blood .
its thorny stem seemed swol en , thicker than a normal flower 's .
as elena stared at it , the glow deepened and the flower 's petals opened further , swel ing to ful bloom .
and i think he 's obsessed with flowers , always drawing them - ` ` lucia 's phone vibrated then with yet another text message .
` ` like rotting flowers , '' i said .
` ` and the rotting flowers ?
he 'll bring me flowers , and a bee 'll zip out and sting me ? ''
i drew the flowers to my face , lightly touching the petals with my lips .
i glanced around , ridiculously expecting him to be sitting on the sofa , looking at me like you 're scared of a bunch of dried flowers ?
` ` not only flowers , '' he said , and produced a small tube from behind his back .
` ` my mom says the mansion smells like flowers . ''
` ` i ca n't remember a time when you set the table without being asked , '' my mom said , holding a glass vase with fresh flowers .
when they revealed it , it was a portrait of flowers , obviously painted by an artist other than alexander .
i was moving , and overhead , birds were chirping , and the scent of flowers was so heavy in the air , it made me feel a little light - headed .
the sun felt good on my face , and there was something undeniably pleasant about drifting down a stream flanked with flower bushes and weeping willows .
every few minutes the doorbell would ring as another flower arrangement arrived .
limp as a wilting flower .
swooninglike a wilting flower .
he caressed hercheek withthe flower .
she dropped the flower as anguish surged through her .
` ` all the dubs are named for flowers .
he was supposed to be the safe , harmless vamp who picked flowers instead of victims .
the chapel was a sad and empty place now , just a vase of flowers on the altar in memory of the mortal priest who had become a father to them all .
` ` the name translates as flower of the golden sands .
he got an inkling that it was n't working when the flowers were returned ground into mulch .
i realize there are pressed flowers hanging from the rearview mirror .
` ` i did n't picture you as a flower person , '' i tease , releasing the flowers and rotating in the seat to face him , drawing my knee up with me .
` ` i did n't picture you as a flower person , '' i tease , releasing the flowers and rotating in the seat to face him , drawing my knee up with me .
he twists the string , securing the flowers to the mirror , his eyes glazing over as if he 's floating back into a memory .
alex and laylen are with aislin , standing next to a table decorated with a vase of wilting flowers .
aislin climbs into the car , carrying a petite silver box with delicate flower engravings on the frame of it .
her violet eyes blend with the flowers in the field and there 's freedom in the way she runs , like she has no burdens bearing down on her shoulders ; no fallen star , claiming hold of her heart .
` ` the one with all the flowers ? ''
you used to pick the flowers and give them to me all the time , even though i would tell you time and time again that guys are supposed to give the girl flowers . ''
you used to pick the flowers and give them to me all the time , even though i would tell you time and time again that guys are supposed to give the girl flowers . ''
i remember back in his car and how there was a dried flower hanging from the mirror .
i hike up to it , my boots battling the loose , rocky dirt , and then i pick one of the violet flowers .
i ' ve been to this place before and picked these flowers ...
i remember the flower in alex 's car and how he told me i used to pick them for him when we were younger .
he did so with infinite care , as a conscientious flower girl scatters petals before an advancing bride .
angelique began immediately to assist biffy in finishing the last of alexia 's coiled updo , arguing mildly on the subject of a flower above the right ear .
thea swallowed , tasting a lingering sweetness from the borage flowers .
the reticent one of the group who looked like a fragile flower but had the frank , unwavering gaze of a warrior .
he loved that she was n't some delicate flower that wilted under the smallest bit of heat .
the piece exploded against the wall and shattered , spraying glass and water and bits of flowers in all directions .
bella black 's was no exception , but the sign was large and colorful and the large front window had a painted mural of a sleek green iguana amidst a bower of flowers .
she 'd always been a summer person , enjoying the sun and the flowers , trees and grass it encouraged to grow .
now she could only enjoy those flowers and trees by the solar lights that lined her garden .
her garden had always been her haven , where she could retire from life 's troubles and just relax , digging in the earth with the aroma of flowers and herbs around her .
she was like a flower opening to sunlight after years of night .
the teasing touch tore a cry from elvi 's lips and her h*ps lifted of their own accord , urging him on even as her thighs closed instinctively around his hand like a flower protectively closing it 's petals at nightfall .
` ` we 're still deciding on flowers , '' she continued .
she laughed at that and suddenly knelt near a flower bed filled with gladiolas .
most moroi avoided this kind of intense sun , but her love of plants was so great that she 'd been risking it to work on some of the ailing flowers in clarence 's garden .
now , in addition to the kiss and ` ` amazing '' declaration , i 'd somehow earned flowers too .
as i breathed in the roses ' sweet scent on the way to spencer 's , i realized that no one had ever given me flowers before .
` ` brayden got me flowers , '' i declared .
` ` like , just before he got me the flowers , i gave him this big lecture about how he was wrong about alternative sources of energy . ''
so why the flowers ?
when would i ever get flowers ?
she drove a red volkswagen beetle with flowers painted on the sides .
the wind whispered around us , blowing some of the dried leaves and flowers from my hair .
sonya was a huge lover of plants and flowers , and this was pretty much her dream location for a wedding .
i sifted through adrian 's bag , amazed that he 'd come through with everything , from the mirror to the dried leaves and flowers .
but i try not to , and i try not to lie either because that 's a sin , and i like flowers and puppies and ... '' livy paused and bit her lip and then asked , ` ` do you think god will like me ? ''
behind my mother was one of those stupid pictures with babies dressed up as fruit or flowers or something .
oh , god , i ' m going to be a hundred and sixty with a flower on my ass .
he reclined with his fingers steepled against the colorful pattern of flowers on his shirt as the wind ruffled his hair , and i was suddenly struck with the memory of me asking edden to throw me a preserver to get myself out of my personal crapfest just last year .
i had bought a set of redwood building blocks , and jenks had painted garden flowers and bugs on them to go along with the alphabet .
he 'd also placed a vase of flowers on the foot of the tub , artfully strewing a handful of the mixed petals down along the damp side of the porcelain .
linens have been dry cleaned , fresh flowers will be delivered that afternoon , complete with a special bouquet i picked out myself for my lady 's table setting . ` `
that delicate ear , as finely made as any flower that grew in the meadow during the first gentle touch of spring .
i ' m drawn to that joy like a flower is to the sun .
lyssa noticed she had a slightly larger bouquet , a more delicate arrangement of flowers .
he spread kisses on her neck and shoulders like flower petals drifting over her skin .
right afterward he picked me a flower and said ... '' well , '' -she smiled mysteriously- '' i should n't repeat it . ''
her grandmother had kept a little jar of them , real flowers dipped in crystallized sugar and frozen .
elena 's dress ... her hair ... her flowers .
someone gave her flowers ; someone put a rhinestone tiara on her head .
little dove who looked as if she could n't outrun a flower .
granted , they were n't the type to dance in circles with flowers in their hair , singing about love and harmony and all that .
instead of being greeted by my boyfriend , i was met by the flower power delivery woman holding a bouquet of roses .
i don`t think i`ve ever seen you without sandals and a flower in your hair , i teased .
once inside , a waft of floral scents hit me as if i`d just stepped into a flower conservatory .
from her auburn - topped head to her lime - green - painted toes , i got to transform my aunt from a flower child to a lady of the night .
on an easel , beside a painting of a vase full of flowers , was a picture of me .
there were no signs of dishes , plates , flowers , or anything resembling the living .
she had been wearing silk flowers and ribbons in her hair , but these , along with her tresses , had come undone , trailing out behind her head like sea foam .
expensive perfume and flowers .
as promised , the bottle was encased in a block of bluish ice with flowers and herbs pressed inside , as fresh as the day they were frozen .
and no one ate the flower girl ? ''
the flowers in vases were wilted , everything left to wither after the murder of the brides .
he saw her as a fragile doll among the demons , a rare hothouse flower .
claire showered , dressed in blue jeans and a black knit top with a screen - printed flower on itone of her thrift - shop buysand grabbed her backpack on the way to the door .
there were lights , too , strung through the tree branches and shining on flowers and bushes and walking paths .
the carpet was squishy soft under claires feet , and she caught the scent of fading flowers .
the fingers that held on to his arm had nails embellished with tiny flower stickers .
` ` it 's made with an exotic flower , only available in one place in asia . ` `
she took the girl 's lifeless hand and studied the nails , her own perfectly manicured woman 's cuticles catching the dim sconce light as she passed her fingertips over the flowers preferred by the fancy of a child .
he always put fresh flowers in his lady 's room at sunset with in- triguing tokens of his sunlit day .
to enhance the impression of a flower in the best isadora duncan tradition , they were curled forward , their elbows and arms stretched out , foreheads pressed to the stones .
the indi- vidual entertainers withdrew to the outskirts , making the dual ring of servants , the ` ` flower , ` ` the center of attention .
a motor engaged , eliciting a murmur from the assembled , because the men had been concealing a sculp- ture anchored on the mirrored center of a dais that now rose to form a new center within the flower arrangement .
` ` lady lyssa 's servant is commanded to choose any petal among this flower of slaves and bring her onto the dais to ser vice him to climax with her mouth . ` `
an elegant frieze had been propped behind the bowl in the hollowed - out area , depict- ing a medieval lady among a meadow of stone flowers .
every desire was his to tease and pluck , like the petals of a flower .
unable to resist , he burrowed his nose into her neck , breathing in her fragrance of ... snow and wild flowers - yes , that 's what her scent was - relishing the softness of her pale skin .
she wanted to get another tattoo , maybe a pretty flower this time .
he had n't gone the easy route and given her flowers and candy .
colorful petals floated from flowers .
fragile as a little white mouse , delicate as a flower .
she caught rob beneath another streetlight , one with hanging baskets of flowers suspended from a crosspiece .
never enough to do more than awaken dreams in daniel , and the thirst for eternity , to make the flowers in the wallpaper sing and dance .
he gave them endless lists of the materials he wanted , the fabrics , the sculptures for the fountains , even the flowers , the potted trees .
look at the crumbling old brick walls , and the flowers in their long deep beds , and the path itself with armand 's damp footprints !
the smell of freshly turned earth rose from the flower beds .
the flowers were crushed against them , huge drowsing yellow dahlias and white gladioli , such lovely drenching perfume .
the ceiling of the cabin of the plane , the soft yellow lights reflected in the warm wood - paneled walls , and then around him the garden , the perfume , the sight of the flowers almost breaking loose from their stems .
they had fallen over together in the soft bank of flowers .
and what he liked was all around him - the flower stands on the corners , the big steel and glass buildings full of milky evening light , the trees , of course , the grass beneath his feet .
pick the tiny wild flowers .
she picked up the note that lay beside the flowers and she read it through once more .
soft and thick the deep hooked wool rugs carrying the free pattern of woodland flower and grass everywhere as if the rug were the earth itself .
she had in fact turned away from him to stare at the bowl of flowers in the middle of the table .
and you must know we do not really change over time ; we are as flowers unfolding ; we merely become more nearly ourselves . ''
i saw the icon of the virgin , a gleaming square of gold above the flowers ; i heard the aves whispered as if they were a charm .
but even as i wept , i felt the soft embrace of the spell again ; the sweet drowsy sensation of being surrounded by flowers , of slow music with its inevitable and enthralling rhythm .
we brought flowers to her and we tried to read her thoughts .
you saw the wilted flowers covering her , and you saw the heart and the brain and the eyes upon their plates .
` ` and we were so happy again , among the green grasses and the trees and the flowers that we knew , and my child was growing bigger inside my womb .
i got up and walked around for a few minutes , merely looking at the flowers , and the odd way the white petals caught the lamplight and how dark the reds looked ; and how the golden light was caught on the surfaces of the mirrors , all the other lovely things .
` ` listen to the flowers open .
merely the unchanging history of this bloody place , where violence has flourished for four hundred years as flowers flourish ; though the vision of the hills rising into the mist could break the heart .
her beauty had been , in truth , enhanced by this transformation , yet there was something repellent in her , as if she were not the flower now but the replica of the flower made of pure white wax .
her beauty had been , in truth , enhanced by this transformation , yet there was something repellent in her , as if she were not the flower now but the replica of the flower made of pure white wax .
i wake ; i think i must go down to the shrine ; i must burn the incense ; bring the flowers ; i must stand before them and speak to them ; and try to comfort them if they are suffering inside .
i thought of her dreams , her garden of peace on earth , with flowers springing from the blood - soaked soil .
but he had given stefan these flowers .
flowers 's garden .
flowers was wiping away the dried blood on her neck with herbs .
flowers 's herbs and i decided to make you a cup as wel .
flowers 's kitchen to find a handful of witch hazel , a smal amount of strawberry wine , aniseed , some peppermint oil , and a few other essential oils she had in stock , sweet and sharp .
the flower peddlers had converted the gloomy , conventional black room into this fanciful extravaganza .
but since i am dying anyway , i thought that i should be up and securing these flowers for you .
the girl had the beautiful flower to look at but nothing to eat or drink and so under the glowing yel ow sun she wasted away .
flowers cal ed matt into the kitchen and elena found herself swooped up in lithe , hard arms and then they were gaining altitude rapidly , with the wood staircase emitting little creaks and groans of protest .
there were also flowers .
` ` well , we can stand around like wal flowers , '' she said , as a few men came in , ` ` or we can look like we 're having the best time of any of them right here by ourselves .
and there are supposed to be scattered flower petals on the bed and roses in little round bubble bowls and white vanil a candles . ''
flowers must have known it too , for she rose , also immediately , and went to get ready .
flowers came by just then with mugs of hot , sweet cinnamon tea .
flowers 's pitch - black coffee .
flowers busily began rummaging through bundles of herbs that hung above her stove .
flowers as elena went to the door of the root cel ar and pushed .
flowers was frantical y pul ing great swaths of dried herbs down from where they hung above the kitchen table .
flowers , stuffing odiferous herbs into the crack under the door .
flowers 's most important instruments - her herbs for teas , compresses , and poultices .
flowers said , ` ` what about pouring out the liquid in different places in fel 's church ?
but i also left madame flowers a little - ` ` ` ` do you know that damon used the other half to open the gate again ?
` ` the royal radhika flower , which legends say was stolen from the celestial court many mil ennia ago .
when the roses became some exotic golden flower that elena had never seen , she had to turn her back .
fel 's church needed al the help it could get and here she was staring at flowers .
they were speaking softly together , admiring the royal radhika flower - blue delphiniums at the moment .
she leaped up onto the dais , and , with inhuman speed , slapped her hand over elena 's mouth , so that the final syl able was a mumble , and the golden , green , and blue hal did not explode into fragments with hot metal running in rivulets like lava , and the flower - fountain did not vaporize , and the stained - glass windows did n't shatter into atoms .
flowers ' scraggly flower bed .
flowers ' scraggly flower bed .
could caroline send flowers ?
she was wearing her gardening hat - or at least a hat with artificial flowers on it that looked as if it had been used for gardening .
meredith 's mobile phone beeped out the tune it used for numbers not in its memory , and then announced , ` ` mrs . t. flowers is calling you .
it had to be , she was wearing that gardening hat with the artificial flowers on it , as well as what looked like about seven or eight woolly sweaters .
flowers ' kitchen garden , almost directly below elena .
wherever her feet pass , white flowers part the grass - ` ` ` ` i 'd rather hear a straight explanation of where the keys are , '' elena said to shinichi , knowing that after that song she would n't get any more from misao .
it 's as if the world is full of honeybees and i ' m the only flower .
bonnie was a psychic of some impressive powers , and so was stefan 's old landlady , mrs . theophilia flowers .
oh , and to plant ready - grown flowers and trees in the gardens and put in fountains and all kinds of stuff .
and we 're incredibly lucky , because this is the time of year when everyone begins to give parties , and both households we want to visit are having early celebrations : one is a gala , and one is a spring soiree to celebrate the first flowers .
usually , i look like a pixie trying to dress up as a cheerleader or a flower girl , '' she confided , kissing lady ulma again and again , delighted to find that the lipstick stayed on her lips instead of transferring to her benefactress 's cheeks .
` ` theophilia flowers and i have known each other a long time - and mrs . saitou , too .
flowers said , allowing matt to take another bag of groceries back through the kitchen garden and into the kitchen of the house .
flowers said as she began to make ham sandwiches , potato salad , and a large kettle of baked beans .
flowers always spoke of men as if they were a special kind of flower - ` ` need lots of good hearty meat before going into battle , but there 's no reason to be formal .
flowers always spoke of men as if they were a special kind of flower - ` ` need lots of good hearty meat before going into battle , but there 's no reason to be formal .
flowers 's idea of dessert was a pecan pie split between the boys , along with huge cups of coffee that cleared the brain like a power sander .
there were dozens of floral arrangements in the room , but all that bonnie had stuck her small hand into ( as unobtrusively as possible ) were simply cut flowers in a vase of water .
she was made out of flowers ... elena remembered .
what would a girl made out of flowers look like ?
` ` she was wearing a dress made of every kind of flower i ' ve ever seen .
then there were individual voices raised , pointing out the difficulties : the rock - hardness of the rolled grass , the many ballrooms with their many floral arrangements in soil , the kitchen garden and flower gardens ( which we have n't even seen yet , elena thought . )
the gods had made her out of flowers ... but flowers do n't speak .
the gods had made her out of flowers ... but flowers do n't speak .
still , the flower maiden did n't look particularly menacing , and elena could n't summon up enough adrenaline to try making it down that hidous stairway .
` ` we 're going to have to dig up this flower patch and i do n't fancy asking ms . larkspur - eyes - now - i - have - to - kill - you for her permission . ''
she shouldered her way through the crowd , accepting bunches of hastily dug - up flowers from admirers - and feeling more hands on her body .
people outside are digging up my beautiful ballroom , my precious flowers .
and they ruined the flowers in the bed , which is why the new flowers were n't doing so well .
and they ruined the flowers in the bed , which is why the new flowers were n't doing so well .
elena knew from aunt judith , from her childhood , that transplanted flowers took awhile to revive and perk up again .
flowers 's homemade apple juice .
shutting her eyes , and trying not to think of the maiden who had been made of flowers ( and who had killed her husband !
and the intruder was holding out something to him that - well , it could n't be what it looked like - but it was getting quite close now and it looked like a bouquet of flowers .
there was a gaping hole in the center of the mixed flower arrangement .
luke and oliver were on the floor , playing a game of dominos , emma was rocking a dol in her arms , and gertrude was working on her needlepoint , an exquisitely crafted flower scene .
in the dim kitchen , she drank a glass of water , and then absently arranged the flower - shaped magnets on the refrigerator door : red , blue , yellow , orange , red .
when she had drunk the water , in a room filled with candlelight and sweet - smelling flowers , she had been filled with joy .
flowers said , and bonnie blurted out the whole story : zander 's strange disconnectedness and the way bonnie had finally confronted him about it ; how he had proposed in the warm , fragrant rose garden and how bonnie had said no , even though it broke her heart .
flowers rose stiffly and led the way out the kitchen door into her herb garden , moving more quickly than she had earlier .
flowers led her through the winding paths of her herb garden .
flowers picked one of the blossoms and sniffed it .
smiling , she passed the flower to bonnie , and bonnie automatically brought it up to her face and sniffed .
bonnie held the flower carefully , but her heart felt as heavy as a stone .
flowers 's garden , the way their sweet scent had risen from her hands and clothes all the way home , filling her car with the smells of summer .
` ` and the reason you want to borrow it is flowers .
you want to get some flowers for elena . ''
` ` and these particular flowers , these flowers you ' ve just got to get , do n't grow around here . ''
` ` and these particular flowers , these flowers you ' ve just got to get , do n't grow around here . ''
` ` so you want to go down south - how far south you do n't know - to find some of these flowers that you ' ve just got to give to elena . ''
` ` and since the police still have your car , you want to borrow mine , for however long it takes you to go down south and find these flowers that you ' ve just got to give to elena . ''
` ` am i going to give my car to the guy who stole my girlfriend and now wants to take a jaunt down south to get her some kind of special flowers she 's just got to have ?
how hot she was , and how tiny were her shoulders , how gorgeous in this the final withering , the flower tinged with yellow , yet full of fragrance still , pale blue veins dancing beneath her flaccid skin , eyelids perfectly molded to her eyes when she closed them , the skin flowing over the bones of her skull .
we were sinking down together on the carpet , lovers in a patch of nubby faded flowers .
there should be cash waiting for david ; there should be flowers ; and chilled champagne .
it was propped against a great vase of flowers .
what do you see in nature what made the spiders that creep beneath the damp floorboards , what made the moths with then- multicolored wings that look hike great evil flowers in the dark the shark in the sea , why does it exist ?
whatever flowers or grass there might have been was of course not visible ; but a few garden statues of darkened concrete and a sharp , thick shrubbery - now nothing but bare twigs and snow - marked a clear rectangular pattern to the whole .
like flowers to the light , these humans opened themselves , accelerating their pace , and their speech .
and when i felt the heat of the sun itself upon my face and hands , i , too , opened as if i were a flower .
and where are you asleep in the earth , deep beneath your wild and neglected garden , with the winter sun pouring down on the flowers , asleep until the night comes again .
you remember the sound of the coconut palms in grenada , that clicking sound as they moved in the wind you ' ve never heard such music as you will hear in that garden in barbados , and oh , those flowers , those mad savage flowers .
you remember the sound of the coconut palms in grenada , that clicking sound as they moved in the wind you ' ve never heard such music as you will hear in that garden in barbados , and oh , those flowers , those mad savage flowers .
i would have bougainvillea and the queen 's wreath , how i love the queen 's wreath , and the giant hibiscus , yes , i had just seen this lovely flower in the caribbean , and the moonflower , of course .
the light of the sun on snow ; the light of the sun on water ; the light of the sun ... on one 's hands and one 's face , and opening up all the secret folds of the entire world as if it were a flower , as if we were all part of one great sighing organism .
had he told me about the mountains that you could look immediately down into the deep soft valleys and that the neighboring slopes seemed so close you thought you could touch them , though they were far , far away i do n't think so , but he had described well the flowers - the shrimp plant with its tiny blossoms , and the orchid tree and the ginger lilies , yes , those fierce red lilies with their delicate shivering petals , and the ferns nestled in the deep glades , and the waxen bird - of - paradise and the tall stiff pussy willows , and the tiny yellow - throated blossoms of the trumpet vine .
a bed of dark sweet flowers had been planted against the old brick wall , and a stand of bananas was already thriving in the corner , long graceful knifelike leaves nodding in the breeze .
like you 're all flowers and sunshine .
she washed her hair with the flowers blooming at the edge and cleaned the rest of her body with the glistening white soap - sand .
blood on the club , like a flower .
he pulled out all the laces , silk flowers , feathers , and other trims , dumped them all around him , found a needle and thread , and went to work .
and tiny did n't doubt for a minute that either of the two delicate flowers of womanhood before him could do the same thing .
` ` thanks , '' said ivy , carefully pasting on another flower .
ivy stared silently at the yellow flower on her finger for a long moment .
` ` it 's the hardest thing i ' ve ever had to face , '' she admitted quietly.then , with a deep breath , she carefully affixed the flower to olivia 's vase .
the dark wood was carved with cherubs and swags of flowers that existed when the world was warm .
at one time flowers grew and the sky was n't always gray .
the queen must have had the roses grown indoors , and then had the flowers planted .
they sold the volkswagen flower power van that they were living in and actually started renting property .
our hippie apartment was decorated with 3 - d glow - in - the - dark flower posters and orange tubes with a play - doh substance that moved on its own -- lava lamps -- that you could stare at forever .
and if that was n't bad enough , suddenly they sent me to a place that was n't my apartment , that did n't have wild 3 - d flower posters on the walls , but boring collages of kids ' handprints .
not mowing your lawn or planting flowers .
i took the flowers from him , softly touching his hands in the process .
` ` i ' ve never gotten flowers before .
` ` i ca n't believe they ' ve never given you flowers . ''
as dumb as it sounded , it was better than saying , ` ` i ' ve never gotten flowers from my hundred boyfriends , because i ' ve never had one boyfriend ! ''
` ` flowers from grandmothers are very special , '' he replied strangely .
i was under his spell as i peered at him through the flowers .
if only i could stay and live with alexander in his attic room and have creepy man serve me count chocula cereal every morning ... ` ` thanks for the flowers and the dinner and the stars , '' i said hurriedly by becky 's truck , scrambling in my purse for the keys .
i laid the flowers on the grave .
i saw the flowers . ''
he strode through a flower bed , trampling the new blossoms underfoot .
i picked these flowers for him .
we followed henry into his gigantic backyard , which was the size of a football field , complete with a mosaic - tiled patio , an olympic - size pool , and a million - dollar flower garden .
ruby 's eyes lit up when she saw jameson holding the flower .
` ` a rare flower for someone as rare as you ... , '' the skinny butler complimented .
he retrieved ruby 's purse and the flower from the hallway table and handed them to her .
then i noticed luna a few yards ahead , placing a flower at the base of alexander 's grandmother 's monument .
matt and becky were eating s'mores and hanging by the flower garden .
he stroked her wet folds , cleaving them with his fingers and spreading her open to him like a flower .
mira 's flower was wilted now , the fragile white petals drooping and lifeless , green stem as limp as a piece of string .
renata let the dead flower fall out of her fingers and onto the bed .
the country was by easter in great flower , and the first warnings of horror to come , though i knew them not to be , were that the lower hamlets on our mountain were quite suddenly abandoned .
it seemed i 'd stumbled into a blowing meadow of flowers , quite far away from this place and from all woes , and she lay with me , fallen against silently crushed stems and uncomplaining irises , ursula , with her undone ashen hair , and she smiled with the most engaging and demanding eyes , fervent , perhaps even brilliant , as if ours were a sudden and total infatuation of mind as well as body .
i sucked the milk from her , as if she was maiden and mother , virgin and queen , all the while i broke with my thrusts whatever flower remained inside of her to be torn open .
once again , it was only the most pleasant town i had ever seen , with everyone happily at work , with best - swept cobbled streets , and pretty flower boxes under all the windows , and prettily dressed people going about their affairs .
all around us lay the flowers and the grasses , and she said , ` ` run , '' but this was quite impossible because it was not made of truth , but of fantasy and the sucking of her mouth on me and her limbs entwining me as if she were a serpent .
` ` i know that , my loveliest flower .
at his feet , all flowers laid out in vessels of silver and gold were red , the red of roses and carnations , the red of the iris , the red of wildflowers i could not name , an altar alive and decked and crawling with all those things which were high color , his glorious tint , the one color left to him that might rise from his inevitable and unredeemable darkness .
the angel with the crown of flowers gestured excitedly to the other ; from a mortal man , the gestures , the posture , would have evinced anger , but it was nothing so heated as that .
who was this pursuing her , driving her out of the nodding , weaving flowers ?
everywhere the scent of flowers overcame me .
i fell down exhausted and let the flowers climb up on either side of me .
she backed up into the bank of red flowers that barely showed in the starlight that passed through the darkened windows .
with my sword i snagged the lace of the altar cloth and brought it down with all its many red flowers tumbling on me , so that i could roll over into them and crush my face into their softness .
there was another yearbook from a local college where she 'd gotten her four - year journalism degree , majoring in photography , and had met joshua , according to the hearts and flowers around his signature .
` ` we found a stash of them in a glass flower vase , disguised as decorative stones , '' edden said .
the pixy was currently down the hall at the flower cart , not a single indication that he had been honey drunk earlier .
jenks 's distinctive wing chirp pulled my attention to a flower cart , and seeing him busy , i pointed to the baggage claim , then jerked my head behind me .
the lights had been bright around the flower cart , but it was drafty here by the doors .
` ` i was listening to the radio chatter at the flower cart .
my gaze dropped from his concerned brown eyes to the flowers .
` ` you did n't need to bring me flowers .
` ` do n't think anything because i brought you flowers .
my eyes went to the flowers , and all my warning flags went up .
marshal nodded his hello to ivy , and after nudging the tomato behind the flowers before glenn spotted it , he moved to the distant couch , built into the wall under the window , so the ailing fib agent could have the closer chair .
jenks clattered his wings behind the flowers , and ivy 's calm face scrunched up .
i spoke up before jenks , who had risen up above the flowers , could .
ivy made a small sound of interest when she opened the card from the second batch of flowers .
` ` flowers from trent ? ''
` ` forgive me if i ' m not all flowers and hearts over her predicament .
but he only moved to the flowers and started to take the dead bits off .
the little high tables had been replaced with comfortable furniture , coffee tables , and the occasional sideboard for appetizers , flower arrangements , or possible discarded wineglasses .
` ` you need to keep your stick in your own flowers , '' he said , hands on his hips .
bring you flowers ?
` ` it was a flower box , ms . morgan , '' one of jenks 's kids said merrily , perched on my shoulder , out of the cold night and nestled in my hair .
this close , she looked like a flower , or maybe a girl made from flowers .
this close , she looked like a flower , or maybe a girl made from flowers .
her hands were small and graceful , fingers half curled like flower petals .
he 's going to marry that whiny little flower in the corner , a voice in keller 's head whispered .
and your job is to persuade the flower to do her duty , the voice continued brightly .
at break , they crowded around her like bees around a flower .
iliana sat moodily during afternoon classes , like a fairy who 'd lost her flower .
` ` when humans are confronted with death , they buy flowers and cook things .
why do n't you go and arrange some of those flowers around the house ?
` ` it is like a floral shop blew up in here , '' ava says , gesturing to the flowers .
it takes us the better part of an hour to find homes for all the flowers .
` ` i do n't get why people send flowers when someone is going to die .
the flowers end up dying and reminding you .
the house smells so strongly of flowers that i almost ca n't smell dad 's blood .
the flowers are still all around the house , but they are starting to wilt , drooping in their plastic vases .
` ` so i heard the cat is out of the bag , '' aj says , gesturing to the wilted flowers that are starting to make me sick with their sweet smell .
i suddenly ca n't stand the flowers anymore .
i get a big black trash bag and shove every single damn flower in the whole house that i can find into the bag .
` ` i still ca n't figure out why people think dying flowers are a good way to say , ' i ' m sorry you have terminal cancer . ' ''
` ` i meant to ask you , did you throw all those flowers away ? ''
we should really get off mom 's flowers .
` ` i know you hate it when flowers die .
he waits for her to nod before he gently picks her up like a wilted flower .
she holds up a book with a guy with a beard so impressive , it covers most of his face , a shirt covered in flowers and a pair of bell bottoms that looked like lampshades .
he drops the bag and homework before i tug him toward my mother 's flower beds .
the cancer made her brittle , like a dried flower .
* * * the sky is fading from deep blue to gray when i creep through the front door , almost knocking over a vase of flowers on the table by the door .
in fact , he 'd been buying her more flowers than usual .
she melts and hugs him , the flowers getting water in her hair .
you need to stop treating me like some delicate flower , or some lost puppy that needs a home .
i feel like running through a field and weaving flower chains and eating cotton candy .
he had a faded - out hospital gown that was freckled with the oh - so - manly - looking flower things all over it .
oh , and i had to put those flowers your friends bubba and mark sent to you in the hospital out on the front porch .
yeah well , he hated to see all of the flowers go to waste .
yeah , not to be rude , but folks could keep the flowers .
we are the fragile flowers that spill our fragrance into the world , and bring beauty whenever we 're spotted by those capable of seeing us in all our glory .
and most everything that knew how to enslave demonkyn possessed a cruel streak that made the marquis de sade look like a buddhist monk flower child .
over bottles of wine , candles , beads , money , and flowers that people had left on the top shelf as offerings was a huge painting of a light - skinned woman who had a purple snake crawling up her left arm .
sat in mind - numbing classes just so he could be in the same room with her , like a desperate flower reaching for sunlight through the jagged cracks of a broken wall .
and the belkins had all the money human beings could ever want or dream of , and now esther , sweet esther , that flower of a girl who had always asked her questions so timidly- was dead .
` ` i grew up playing among the date palms and flowers , and i loved it till the day ... the day i died .
it was a world of the deep vibrant gleam of the precious , of lovely scents and the sounds of harps , and pipes playing ; it was a world for the bare feet to walk on smooth tiles that were themselves cut in the shapes of flowers . ''
` ` within seconds we were high on the wagon , and all around me i saw the layers of flowers - every fine flower that can be grown inside or out in babylonia , and flowers brought in from places far away , the blooms of egypt and southern islands .
` ` within seconds we were high on the wagon , and all around me i saw the layers of flowers - every fine flower that can be grown inside or out in babylonia , and flowers brought in from places far away , the blooms of egypt and southern islands .
` ` within seconds we were high on the wagon , and all around me i saw the layers of flowers - every fine flower that can be grown inside or out in babylonia , and flowers brought in from places far away , the blooms of egypt and southern islands .
the priestesses of the temple surrounded me , throwing flowers in the air , and then i knew i was being led away to the royal couch . ` `
` ` we were taken down from the chariot and the wagon , and walked on a bed of flowers up and up the seemingly endless stairway of the great ziggurat etemenanki , so that the people from far off could see us through the wide gates .
i told him the names of flowers in his garden .
we rose up over the desert , over babylonia , and i saw her cities scattered out like so many flowers , or traps .
they looked like traps built to make the gods fly down to them ... the way flowers are traps for bees . ` `
12 ` ` ' flowers , ' i said , ' a beautiful gathering of flowers , from this wall and that gate and this garden . '
12 ` ` ' flowers , ' i said , ' a beautiful gathering of flowers , from this wall and that gate and this garden . '
i had by then a huge bouquet of extremely delicate flowers , no one the same , and these i put in a vase of water for him and set on his study table .
i was seated in the garden , among the flowers , and he was on a couch there , reading , mussed and yawning as if he 'd spent the night under the stars . ` `
not as much as the flowers , gathering them , you know , but killing ... what is there like it on earth ? '
i sat there watching and gradually i slept too , asleep in my body , listening to the flowers next to my ears , and looking up into the branches of the olive tree now and then to see the birds there , and the distant sounds of the city became a music to me .
it came swift and titanic - a procession , a great street with high blue - glazed walls , and the scent of flowers everywhere , and people waving , and a dreadful sadness , so bitter , so total , that for one moment i felt myself begin to dissolve .
sick as she was , she definitely contained the full flower of the seeds of beauty in esther .
this was a choice , like the position of a flower in a painting .
the place was full of the scent of the flowers .
i pulled up a silken cover over her , something full of the french flowers .
i was staring into the garden , at the big red flowers , like trumpets , and realized for the first time that there were dim electric lights there on these flowers .
only the flowers beneath us , and beyond , the sea . ''
the garden held nothing but its bed of egyptian flowers and her empty flesh , her face unhurt , intact , staring blindly upward .
i could feel her body warming , opening like a flower , but the moment was gone , and i took my leave .
your flower , rose . ''
` ` i take holy communion , '' whispered gardner as he kissed her , ` ` my innocent one , my sweet and gentle one , my flower . ''
` ` and i wanted it to be so different , so very different , with you , rose , of all the flowers of the field , you were the fairest , rose , the fairest of all . ''
8 marius and the flowers for hours , he 'd been painting furiously , his only light in the old ruined house an old - fashioned lantern .
his left thumb hooked into an old - fashioned wooden palette , his pockets filled with tubes of acrylic paint , he used only one brush until it fell to pieces , covering the broken walls with brilliant pictures of the trees , the vines , the flowers he 'd seen in rio de janeiro and the faces , yes , always the faces of the beautiful brazilians he encountered everywhere , walking through the nighttime rain forest of corcovado , or on the endless beaches of the city , or in the noisy garishly lighted nightclubs he frequented , collecting expressions , images , flashes of hair or shapely limbs as he might have collected pebbles from the frothy margin of the ocean .
` ` in time , and oh , i have always so loved the flowers ... . '' laughter .
there flashed into his mind the flowers he 'd painted tonight on the cracked and chipped wall of the abandoned house .
i have always so loved the flowers .
again he saw painted flowers , but not the flowers of tonight in this vast tropical city but flowers painted long ago on another wall , flowers of a green garden in which he 'd walked in his dreams , right into the shimmering eden that he had created .
again he saw painted flowers , but not the flowers of tonight in this vast tropical city but flowers painted long ago on another wall , flowers of a green garden in which he 'd walked in his dreams , right into the shimmering eden that he had created .
again he saw painted flowers , but not the flowers of tonight in this vast tropical city but flowers painted long ago on another wall , flowers of a green garden in which he 'd walked in his dreams , right into the shimmering eden that he had created .
again he saw painted flowers , but not the flowers of tonight in this vast tropical city but flowers painted long ago on another wall , flowers of a green garden in which he 'd walked in his dreams , right into the shimmering eden that he had created .
flowers shivering in their marble vases as if in some church or shrine ... flowers .
flowers shivering in their marble vases as if in some church or shrine ... flowers .
he fell in love with the song of the wind , with the rich colors that pulsed all around him in the flowers and drowsy palm trees of the palace gardens , with the chanting pulse of those succulent humans upon whom he fed .
he was talking to gregory duff collingsworth as they sat in the long rear salon of trinity gate on the upper east side - a glass porch that in fact united all three townhouses along the back like the service galleries of old in southern mansions - the glass wall beside them open to a magically illuminated garden of slender oaks and masses of night - blooming flowers .
how lovely she was , the flower of the twisted old stem she 'd been then .
how beautiful she looked , how complete , how like a flower fallen there on the gravel path of a garden , how destined for this fragile moment .
an hour after the transformation - when i was at last ready for it - we took the remains of mekare from the library , and buried them in the rear garden in a spot surrounded by flowers and open to the sun in the day .
flower petals were gathered by some of us from throughout the garden and these were sprinkled over the bier .
then others gathered more flowers .
i think the place should be filled with all the flowers from the shops of manhattan that it can hold .
the whole great house of trinity gate was scented with flowers .
` ` blood child , blood flower , blood rose , '' said uncle lestan .
` ` finest flower of the savage garden , '' he said .
she would see the backyard bloom with flowers eve would never have picked .
he had seen her once before , right here , in this cemetery , mourning a loved one ; he was sure of that , since she 'd had flowers with her .
i 'll keep flowers around it , i 'll rip out the weeds , i swear i 'll keep it in pristine condition .
a little fresh plaster , and a nice new paint job , and flowers surrounding the gate .
nasty little neurotoxin in a pretty yellow flower that will kill you even if you only pick it up barehanded .
on the one hand , i would n't have to worry about clothes and flowers and talking and dancing .
even at the beginning of fall - which is only a date on the calendar in texas ; it 's still hot as hell - the small front yard is overflowing with flowers , in large tubs and in the ground .
he admired the flowers that were still burgeoning in the pots and barrels in fiji 's yard , despite the fact that it was late september .
and off fiji stomped , the drops from the previous evening 's shower blotching her skirt as she passed through the shrubs and flowers .
the brooch was hand - painted with a picture of yellow flowers in a pale green vase , set against a gray - blue background .
some church member with time and talent had created beautiful flower beds around the building , though they were faded with the onset of fall .
he spotted the fresh grave right away ; it was covered with withering flowers .
the breeze picked up aubrey 's mother 's short hair and ruffled it , and made the flowers rustle on their forms .
as they walked up to fiji 's front porch , manfred was sorry to see that the formerly abundant flowers were all but gone .
` ` when are you going to quit your loser job at that flower shop ?
she wanted to dance a ballet to a packed house , kiss whichever celebrity she was crushing on and tattoo her entire body with flowers so she 'd look like a garden .
there was a bed of flowers and two rows of mulch , both of which she 'd accidentally rolled around in more than once .
he wanted to buy victoria flowers , but did n't have any money and did n't want to destroy meg 's roses .
as i plumped up the pillows , i had a sudden strange flash of something i 'd dreamed the night before , as vivid and immediate as though i were still dreaming : a flower the color of blood .
i only wanted to look at the flower .
as i reached out for the flower , the hedge rustled .
evernight was more dangerous than the thorns , and , besides , i was n't going to leave the flower behind .
i turned away from evernight for the last time and looked back at the flower as it trembled upon its branch .
stupid , i told myself , worrying about nightmares with dying flowers or about falling down the stairs .
` ` i had a nightmare about a dying flower the night before classes started , '' i said .
` ` that 's not why you passed out , '' i suggested , pretending that i really wanted to go back to reading the gardening book i 'd found ; the only reason i 'd picked it up in the first place was some lingering curiosity about what the flower was that i 'd glimpsed in my dream months before .
the brooch was small enough to fit in my palm and intricately carved , but what amazed me the most was how much it looked like a flower that i had started to think only existed in my imagination .
that night i dreamed once more of the storm , the creeping hedge that grew up like a wildfire of brambles around evernight , and the mysterious flowers that bloomed black beneath my hands .
i had been warned even before i met lucas that the flowers were n't for me , but i reached for them anyway , despite the thorns and the storm .
i caught sight of a bundle of white flowers tied with ribbons on the wall ; each petal was sparkling with frost , rigid , frozen solid .
as soon as i was alone , i thought back on the dream and the flowers i 'd seen before - the flowers i had dreamed of the night before i met lucas for the first time .
as soon as i was alone , i thought back on the dream and the flowers i 'd seen before - the flowers i had dreamed of the night before i met lucas for the first time .
i 'd thought it a coincidence when we found the brooch carved in the exact shape of those strange flowers .
i reached out for the flower , but even as my fingertip touched the petal , it blackened and withered .
tenderly i touched the carved petals of the flowers there .
i wore a strapless white dress that flowed from the empire waist to the floor , and i could see enough of my fading reflection in a nearby mirror that i knew i wore white flowers in my hair .
the ornate carving - the outline of the strange , sharp - bladed flowers i 'd seen in my long - ago dream - the cool weight of it in my hand , the way it fit into my palm- darkness .
the whitby jet flower , ornately carved , had been a gift from him to me when we were first dating .
the black stone , the shape of the flower , the stone filling in the life that had once pulsed at the core of the wood .
the great hall 's grandeur was in shreds - the candles were out , the flowers had been knocked on the floor by panicking students , and the orchestra 's bandstand had clearly been abandoned in a hurry .
the jet black flower clattered on the stone floor , dark as ink in this shimmering world , and i remembered the long - ago dreams that had led me here .
i thought of my brooch , the beautiful black flower from my dreams , and tried to fold myself into the heart of it .
the sharp edges of the flower 's carved petals cut into my palm .
` ` i ' m taking him over some flowers after school today .
a handful of individuals had even gotten to know him ; they 'd all observed and commented on his peculiar habits , even richard , who swore that balthazar must live on air and sunshine like a flower , since nobody ever saw him eat .
the flower gardens were weed - free , grass freshly mowed .
i closed my eyes , and felt the wind on my face and saw her now in the clover field , picking flowers , not looking at me , her face sullen .
as i parked and exited my car , a nearby latino woman was walking slowly between the rows of grave markers with a small bouquet of flowers .
i also noticed she was supporting herself by resting a long - fingered hand on an elegant couch table sporting a vase with flowers .
he came bearing flowers and wearing nice cologne .
i mentioned something about the flowers being for me and he said in my dreams .
chad looked at me , but i could tell he was itching to get back to monica , who was currently inhaling every flower in the bouquet .
the sound of bone hitting bone was sickening , and the punch drove his head deep into the pillow , where the goose down bloomed around him like a white flower , no doubt dousing him in peaceful lavender .
i doubted the other floors had polished tables and flowers .
when he 'd last spotted such a flower , he 'd been a much younger man , barely into his twenties .
for years he 'd lived in dread of receiving such a flower again .
whoever had left the flower was long gone .
he turned from the window , knowing the flower 's arrival was not pure happenstance .
they were mostly young women in long skirts and blousy white shirts , many with flowers in their hair .
i would n't be surprised if one of these flower children had killed him .
the killer did leave a flower near his body ... some type of orchid . ''
such orchids were common enough , used as corsage flowers because of their powerful scent and their durable beauty .
` ` she 'll miss these flowers , '' christian commented .
christian plucked the flower , and arthur gasped .
christian dropped the flower on arthur 's lap and picked up the pruning knife from the floor .
` ` she left me , too , '' christian said and put the flower into arthur 's hand .
with his other arm , christian took several snapshots : of the crimson drops on the white stone tile , of the bloody flower crumpled on the bench .
like christian , the man had likely been drawn by the promise of california , a modern - day gold rush of free love and openness , only to die on the sidewalk , his throat torn open and a flower in his hand .
needing answers , arthur started his investigation with the orchids , but too many of the city 's flower shops sold them .
some days jordan could n't believe that she was gone , that he would never bring her flowers again and get a long slow kiss of thanks .
instead , the only flowers he would ever give her would go on her grave .
an acrid odor cut through the scents of cooling sand and desert flowers , and rhun shook his head to clear it .
his service to the church , the verdant field , the bright sun , the blooming flowers ... all were bounteous gifts , given freely by god to one as lowly as himself .
the small bavarian town looked like it had just emerged from a medieval time capsule , complete with dark houses with red tile roofs , stacked stone walls , and painted wooden flower boxes adorning most windows .
the bullet had deformed into a grotesque five - petal flower .
he staggered to his feet , shaking with desire , turning inexorably toward the thrum of life , like the face of a flower turning to the sun .
he knelt on a stone mosaic and pulled out a single tile from the center of a flower .
the surge of energy had left its fractal mark across his skin , bursting capillaries , creating what was called a lichtenberg figure , or a lightning flower .
she reached an archway on the left and peered through it , expecting it to be another leg of the maze , but instead she discovered a miniature courtyard garden , where all the flowers and trellises and bushes were made of ice .
she had drawn the plants and flowers herself , written the instructions in her fairest hand by candlelight during the long winter hours .
once it had been grander , filled with frescoes and flowers .
his entire left side burned with a fire that refused to subside , tracing along the fractal lines of his lightning flower .
a flower petal drifted to his cheek - and stung him , piercing the corner of his lip .
ahead , the pitch - dark room smelled oddly of flowers , the perfume cutting through the stink of the sulfur .
violet flowers she used to pick for me all the time .
the place where sylas gave me a flower on my birthday ... one of my rare , good memories , well , at least the beginning of it anyway .
the smell of flowers and rain is overwhelming and his nearness makes me uncomfortable as he leans over and smells my hair .
i sketch my fingers along the drawings of stick people , houses , flowers .
i turn around and look behind me ` ` nicholas ... '' i do n't see him but i swear i detect the faint lingering scent of flowers and rain .
an eerie chill slithers up my spine and at the same time my sense of smell is attacked by the scent of flowers and rain .
bite marks dotted the surface of my skin , like bloody flowers just beginning to bloom .
in the summer , the beds were probably full of flowers , and there was a slope to the driveway that looked like it had been handcrafted for snow days and sledding .
it had taken me a couple of days and a lot of hard work to clean up the runes and make the silverstone shine again , but it had been more than worth it to see the look of amazement and wonder on gin 's face when i 'd given the necklaces back to her at the pork pit - ` ` flowers , candy , jewelry , '' phillip repeated in a firm voice .
so far , i 'd made five sets of knives , three sculptures shaped like various flower bouquets , and a complete set of silverware for the pork pit .
i looked at the sunburst runes a moment longer before wandering over and examining the flowers that had been set up at the foot of the casket , right next to mab 's portrait .
but i did it anyway , just like i always talked to fletcher whenever i went to put fresh flowers on his grave .
our boots kicked up dirt and grass , and we knocked over the flower arrangements and waded right through them , grinding the delicate petals into the ground .
i just could n't seem to get enough air into my lungs , and the cloying scent of the flowers only made it worse , like i was breathing in petals instead of air .
i slipped past the low wall of cinder blocks that separated the flowers from the parking lot .
` ` i was asking if you wanted to throw your flower in now .
finn had already tossed his flower in , and a white rose rested on top of the golden wood .
for a moment , she swayed side to side , like a delicate flower tracking the movement of the sun .
i knew what the flower meant and exactly who had left it behind to be found .
the artistry was exquisite in its detail , and given the petal - soft quality of lafleur 's skin , it was almost like looking at a real flower .
lafleur left an actual flower behind instead of just drawing the complicated rune somewhere .
she twirled a single white orchid in her hand , the same kind of flower that she 'd left on the dwarf 's electrocuted corpse two nights ago .
` ` they were waiting until the lady with the flower tattoo told them that it was okay .
bria had loved using her magic when we were kids , making all kinds of ice sculptures and flowers and other shapes just because she could .
somehow the flower had survived being crushed during our fight .
then she stopped at a flower stand and picked out two bouquets of blue and white forget - me - nots .
i remember he sent flowers to my parents ' funerals , even though he did n't know them or me very well . ''
stroll into an office building holding a vase of flowers , an oversize teddy bear , or a couple of pizza boxes smelling of grease , pepperoni , and melted mozzarella , and no one looks too closely at you .
* * * i led owen to the far western edge of the gardens , where the lush flowers gave way to the creeping briars .
no paintings decorated the interior , but each of the marble columns had been carved with intricate designs of fish , birds , and flowers , all of which peeped out at me from among the curling clutches of the museum 's briar rune .
she slowly , carefully , quietly started pulling the petals off the flower , then the leaves , until she 'd stripped the whole thing bare .
instead , i stood there with her in the dark of the night as she picked flower after flower , as though she could strip away all her bad memories as easily as she could separate the delicate petals from the stems .
instead , i stood there with her in the dark of the night as she picked flower after flower , as though she could strip away all her bad memories as easily as she could separate the delicate petals from the stems .
but to my surprise , the box held something innocuous after all : flowers .
i picked up one of the flowers , mindful of the sharp , curved thorns sticking out from the stem , and turned the blossom around and around , as if it held some sort of clue that would tell me who had sent it and why .
a white card was lying on top of the flowers , and i picked it up .
i breathed in , trying to calm myself , but the sweet , sickening stench of the flowers rose up to fill my mouth and slither down my throat like perfumed poison .
secretly , i was delighted that he 'd brought me flowers .
not exactly the aroma i would have picked if i 'd been giving myself flowers , but i appreciated the gesture .
fletcher took the flowers from me , and i pulled my hand back , wincing .
i glanced at fletcher , who gave me a tiny nod as he kept arranging the flowers in the jelly jar .
the only shade that i did n't see was the dark blue of the flowers that sebastian had given me earlier .
clusters of trees dotted the lawn , their limbs arching out like canopies and providing shade for the bright summer flowers blooming in the rich beds of black earth below .
orchids , lilies , and other , more exotic tropical flowers that i did n't recognize bloomed from one side of the greenhouse to the other , their petals as bright and shiny as jewels .
i listened , but the stone planters only whispered of their pride in housing the gorgeous flowers , along with a few grumbles about all the moisture that constantly dripped off the ceiling and windows and spattered onto them .
sebastian pointed out several rows of flowers starting in the middle of the greenhouse and going all the way over to one of the walls - roses .
several rows of flowers close to one of the walls had the same deep , dark , vibrant blue shade and milky stems as the ones that sebastian had brought me earlier .
despite all of his digging , he had n't known that vaughn was into flowers .
as soon as sebastian touched the flower , a murmur rippled through the stone planter that housed it , the same dark murmur that i 'd sensed in the mansion earlier .
not the flowers , not the tour , not the romantic dinner - not one little shred of it .
i 'd landed right on top of one of cesar 's prize rosebushes , completely crushing the delicate hedge of flowers .
sebastian started tearing the petals off the rose , casually scattering them in his wake , as though he were a flower girl strolling down the aisle at a wedding .
i picked up the flower and brought it to my nose .
i know what this is : when there is nothing more they can do , they send you the ' set your affairs in order ' flowers . ''
denied her precious gifts , the flowers withered on their stalks , the trees shed their leaves in mourning , and everything that had been green and alive shriveled and died .
i had no idea i was a fragile flower in need of his majesty 's protection . ''
the wind smelled of flowers and water .
` ` i ' m not a fragile flower .
there was a loud crunch and the lamia twisted : her head turned backward , snapping her neck , her elbows protruded from the front of her arms , and she bent to the side like a flower with a broken stem .
magic grew behind the oni , blooming like a flower around the sleeping man .
` ` i still say you should have taken the flowers , '' she told me , walking through the apartment .
the lack of adoring crowds , ready to greet me with flowers and medals at my door , was sadly disappointing .
a vast herb garden stretched on both sides of us ; flowers and grasses were separated in rows , bordered by a dense evergreen hedge in the distance .
and flowers . ''
gifts , flowers , the usual ? ''
i smelled the honeyed flowers and the light scent of wolves on the breeze .
epilogue in the morning , when the witches came for bran 's body , they found it sprawled among white flowers .
by the time the day was over , the flowers had been christened morgan 's bells and a rumor floated person to person that morrigan was so distraught over her champion 's death , she had wept and the flowers sprang forth from her tears .
by the time the day was over , the flowers had been christened morgan 's bells and a rumor floated person to person that morrigan was so distraught over her champion 's death , she had wept and the flowers sprang forth from her tears .
i took the flowers and the vase to the dumpster , grumbling under my breath , returned to the door , reached for my key , and realized the door stood slightly ajar .
the moment i walked in , the delicious smell enveloped me , and i hurried past the five - foot - high terra - cotta atrocity meant to personify the famous xochopilli , the prince of flowers , which separated the entrance from the cash register .
do n't mind me , i ' m not hiding the corpse of a nasty creature behind your flower bed .
one day ... a man crouched by one of the flower beds , carefully digging at the soil with a hand rake .
` ` one of those hideous straw affairs with little flowers on them . ''
a vast garden came into focus , a long path winding its way between the flowers and plants one would never find on earth .
his eyes perfectly matched the flowers from the floor -- the same deep , intense blue .
plant some flowers , maybe choose a nice color for the walls , something other than battleship gray .
the wind fanned her face , bringing moisture and the tart fragrance of some unknown flower .
flowers bloomed , blue , orange , yellow ...
the wind brought the by - now - familiar tart flower scent .
a window stood to the right of the door and someone had installed a flower box , which was filled with yellow and purple pansies .
on the trunk , which served as a coffee table , fresh flowers sat in a glass vase .
` ` i just love flowers . ''
i ' m not some delicate flower , sabina .
i tried to talk to her about innocent subjects , like the weather or her favorite flowers , but she remained closed .
far below , a flower garden spread out like scattered jewels .
everything from matted teddy bears to mardi gras beads and plastic flowers to whiskey bottles decorated the pitiful mounds .
maybe it was because the freshly turned earth indicated a recent death- or maybe it was the lack of anything signifying that someone cared enough about the grave 's resident to leave flowers or even a plank of wood indicating his or her identity .
the cemeteries will be full of families leaving flowers on the graves of their relatives .
when zen said people left flowers on tombs for all saints ' day , i expected a couple of sad carnations .
` ` please tell me this is about giguhl peeing in the flower beds again , '' i groaned .
` ` you and valva spread out and look for a flower with black leaves and purple petals . ''
` ` there 's a flower that grows here .
i quickly took stock of the rest of my body and realized that despite the obscene taste of the flowers , my stomach had settled .
the flowers shivered .
flowers filled the terraces : roses , tulips , poppies , daisies , and odd but strikingly beautiful blossoms that looked like a cluster of inverted tulips hanging in an umbrella arrangement from a single purplish stem .
we passed between the flowers , circled the mechanism , and stopped before the door .
if he 's feeling like making a statement , the flowers will drip blood just for fun . ''
they were the cemetery flowers that grew from the dead body of my father 's once - mighty empire .
did you like the flowers i sent ? ''
i saw the sword , i walked through what remained after erra 's destruction , and i found your flowers where you and the shapeshifters fought the fomorians a year ago .
` ` oh poor me , i am a sweet and honeyed flower , too delicate and ... what 's the word when you are like , oh , i am so honest and i just want to help ? ''
keep your distance , delicate flower .
here and there flowers bloomed .
i knew these flowers ; i had made them .
i blew on the flower .
patrice glanced at ronnie ma , still smiling serenely as two techs unsuccessfully tried to get him to exhale at the diagnostic flower .
in a crowd of blue - collar thugs , he stood out like a prissy lily in a flower bed full of weeds , and he broadcasted ` ` i ' m better than you '' loud and clear .
he wants to get into my pants and i ' ve been throwing his flowers away .
` ` do i look like a fragile flower to you ?
` ` maybe he fancies communing with flowers as well as ghosts . ''
` ` just my luck you could n't be a brother and sister shopping for some flowers for mom , '' tyler said in a disappointed tone .
might as well see where this led us , though a session with a ouija board in a flower shop was hardly the way i imagined we 'd summon a potentially evil spirit .
dried and fresh flowers were laid at the front of the crypt , where a chipped inscription indicated the name of the legendary voodoo queen .
` ` bones , i ' m not some delicate flower .
` ` as if you would need to protect such a lovely flower from me .
you 're in a beautiful field , flowers all around you .
red roses , white lilies , and other flowers had been placed on the sidewalk outside the pork pit , along with stuffed animals - pigs mostly - and even some small , lit candles .
if i want merrick 's hands on my ass , then they 'll be there , just like if you want to smell like damn flowers , you 'll jump in rose 's bed . ''
in fact , i had received a bouquet of flowers on sunday , sent anonymously , during one of our punishments of cleaning the kings ' houses .
` ` alive , as in like a tree or a flower . ''
` ` flowers and trees do n't have blood running through them , '' i helpfully pointed out as we turned and ran down another passageway , the creepy veins intertwining all around us .
but he only thinks that because one time he met a virginia girl and she had the same flower smell in her hair .
of course there were n't any flowers , but a girl could dream .
the spell snapped apart instantly , withering and evaporating like a flower dying on a vine .
unfortunately , the images rendered on it were not beautiful flowers or happy unicorns ; instead the entire ceiling was covered in a landscape of gruesome , gory scenes - vampires depicted at their very worst , like i 'd seen valdov in that brief but chilling moment .
mrs . heath turned the hose on her flower bed .
a shaggy black and white dog slept in the shade on the north side of the castle , and a gray kitten frolicked in a bed of flowers .
the horse had been grazing in the field , the dog had been asleep in the shade , the kitten had been playing in the flowers , but the man had been gone , as if he had never existed .
she told herself that the pretty white horse was grazing in the field , the shaggy black and white dog was asleep in the shade , the cute little gray kitten was curled up in the flower bed , and the man was in the woods , where he belonged .
a slender vase filled with fresh flowers could be seen on a side table .
the horse was in the field , the dog was sleeping in the shade , the kitten was in the flower bed , but there was no sign of the man .
as far as she knew , he did n't buy flowers or candy on valentine 's day , nor did he go to visit a lady friend .
if she lived here , she would plant flowers along the walkway and rose bushes in the weed - infested gardens .
would you mind if i planted some flowers ? ''
the flowers she had hoped to plant in the garden were forgotten as she spent practically every minute memorizing possible questions and answers and reading ronan 's books .
the two - way street was divided by a narrow island which held numerous pots of concrete planters filled with flowers , shrubs and low hedges .
there were several cute little shops she hoped to visit when she had the time - boutiques , flower shops , a small french bakery .
fresh flowers decorated the tables , there were a number of pictures on the walls .
she let her mother take care of ordering the cake and the flowers and arranging for the reception after the ceremony .
the sweet , faintly coppery tang of blood mingled with the fragrance of the flowers that lined the altar .
when he could put it off no longer , he had carried her out into the woods , covered her body with flowers , and left her where the dawn 's light would find her .
she filled the container and placed the flowers inside .
it had been a long time since anyone had given her flowers .
and with that in mind , she practically jumped out of the bed , only then noticing the flowers set around the room - vases of red roses and pink carnations occupied every flat surface save for the dresser , which held a large white box and two shoe boxes .
there were more flowers in the bathroom - roses , again - along with a new toothbrush , toothpaste , a hairbrush , and a comb .
after a quick check on gideon 's cell phone , they decided to get married in the victorian chapel at the chapel of the flowers .
she did n't have much luck with other flowers , but her roses made her proud .
` ` a fair flower indeed . ''
` ` all right , little flower .
but daisy ... ah , his fair flower .
come home with me , pretty flower .
` ` good night , little flower , '' he said , his lips curved in a knowing grin .
` ` come now , my little flower , '' he chided softly .
she looked as delicate as the flower whose name she bore .
` ` you 're full of questions tonight , my little flower .
` ` so , my little flower , '' he murmured , ` ` where do we go from here ? ''
` ` sweet dreams , my little flower , '' alex murmured as he kissed her lightly on the forehead ; then , mindful that her brother was watching his every move from the living room window , erik walked slowly to his car , unlocked the door with the key instead of his preternatural power , and slid behind the wheel .
` ` sorry , my little flower , '' he said , and then grinned .
` ` go to sleep , my little flower . ''
` ` do n't worry , little flower , i 'll be back . ''
clad in a pale yellow sweater and a pair of faded jeans , she looked as lovely and fresh as the flower she had been named after .
` ` ah , daisy , my little flower , do you know how much i love you ? ''
` ` my brave , foolish flower . ''
i thought you 'd be curled up with that pretty little flower . ''
erik did n't know where costain 's thoughts lay , but his own thoughts were lodged in a small white house with yellow trim where a precious flower shed tears over a soulless monster .
the night after mariah had been destroyed , rhys had shown up with a diamond necklace and a bouquet of flowers for daisy , and a bank draft for two hundred thousand dollars made out to alex .
` ` who are the flowers from ? ''
who would be sending her flowers ?
even if she did n't want to see him again , the least she could do was thank him for the flowers .
as for the flowers , he had sent them in a moment of weakness .
warm and womanly , she carried the fragrance of flowers in her hair , the musky scent of sex - hers and his - on her skin .
not when there were vases of flowers on every surface in the room .
there were more flowers in the living room , on the tables , on the mantel .
they read books , saw movies and pictures , but they had never touched a living tree , smelled a flower , walked barefoot in the grass .
there was no music , no flowers , no guests other than the bride and groom , their parents and siblings .
and after he kills me , i expect you to put flowers on my grave . ''
kaitlyn glanced at the shops that lined both sides of the corridor - gift shop , flower shop , hair salon .
the smile returned to elena 's face and the next thing zack knew , the two women had their heads together , talking about dresses and veils , what kind of flowers to order for the church , and what kind of a bouquet kaitlyn would carry .
kaitlyn wanted flowers and a church wedding , and that 's what she was going to have .
it was obvious that kaitlyn wanted a big wedding - long white dress , flowers , bridesmaids .
baskets of fresh flowers , undoubtedly left over from a recent wedding , or perhaps a funeral , filled the air with a sweet fragrance .
of course , she 'd already strayed from tradition by insisting on flowers and a church wedding .
there was no music , no flowers , no reception afterward .
` ` wo n't the flowers die if you summon a storm ? ''
pretty flowers on one side of the handle , cs759 inscribed on the other side .
pretty flowers on one side of the silver handle .
her hair was a mix of browns , and her dress ... meg was n't sure if her dress was made to resemble flowers or if it was made of the flowers that would be the first to bloom when the snow melted .
her hair was a mix of browns , and her dress ... meg was n't sure if her dress was made to resemble flowers or if it was made of the flowers that would be the first to bloom when the snow melted .
` ` he writes : ' i ' m at the florist , trying to figure out which flower says i ' m an idiot and please forgive me . ' ''
kylie looked back and saw burnett walk in carrying the biggest , and the oddest - looking , bouquet of flowers she 'd ever seen .
a few tears rolled down her cheeks.he moved past kylie and set the flowers on holiday 's desk , pretty much taking up the entire desk , too .
` ` you did n't get back to me with the kind of flower , so i got one of everything they had . ''
` ` they drove into town to pick up the cake and some flowers for the reception .
he pul ed out his arm , and kylie expected to see a bouquet of some inexpensive flowers .
the first thing she saw was the flowers .
a breeze caught the flowers and they brushed against the marker with chan 's name .
` ` thank you , '' della managed to say , realizing she had n't thought about bringing flowers .
a glass vase of flowers sitting on the edge of holiday 's desk burst .
she cut her eyes left and right , noting the not - so - polished wood floors and unmanned desk , adorned with a vase of wilted flowers .
would it taste like the soft floral fragrance that enveloped him , sweetened by her recent orgasm ; woman and flowers and sex ?
you taste as i thought you would , like the sweetest flower .
those flowers of yours are getting to me .
i know this flower .
she saw herself running through fields of flowers , and as she looked down , the flowers all turned tombstones .
she saw herself running through fields of flowers , and as she looked down , the flowers all turned tombstones .
it was the golden flower knob that fit onto the side of it .
then , she wondered where she 'd put the flower knob .
she had to be , without this flower knob , she could n't save benji and then , her life would be over .
she could n't believe she had only five minutes to find the flower knob in her old jewelry box .
it was a sign , a miracle from above that the flower knob was magically back in her hands again .
she wore a beautiful white dress with flowers along the neckline and he wore a tuxedo with tails and a top hat .
there was a small garden off to the left with overgrown flowers and weeds .
when she got upstairs to emily 's room , which rachel thought was more like an entire wing than a bedroom , rachel opened up her duffle and pulled out her teal dress with the hot pink and orange flowers , and hung it on a hanger .
` ` someone left her flowers , '' cassie whispered , her voice choked and broken .
she waved like a queen to the crowd , as she eagerly accepted her crown and flowers .
she stepped forward , momentarily exposed to the rain as she tossed the flower onto the coffin .
horror curdled through her at the same time that longing blossomed like a spring flower .
large bay windows faced out on the most beautiful gardens she had ever seen , flowers bloomed and spilled everywhere , flowing forth in a wave of color that was staggering .
she was not one to be wreathed in gentle flowers ; she appeared anything but delicate as she watched him out of narrowed , weary eyes .
` ` i ' ve never seen anything like this , '' she whispered , moving slowly down the colorful rows of flowers , hedges , and statues .
` ` you do not have flowers in the woods ? ''
` ` oh , of course we have flowers , '' she replied lightly , her face aglow with the wonder suffusing her .
he named each flower that she stopped at as they moved slowly through the garden .
though she had not liked the lilac , it did not stop her from pausing to sniff every other flower they passed .
her name , incidentally , was bertha flowers . ''
just as you had something to do with the attacks on miss forrest and miss flowers .
she 'd certainly not had anything to do with the deaths of miss forrest and miss flowers , and the situation with phillip was utterly different .
as victoria leaned forward to select one of the blooms , two things happened : she realized that the back of her neck had chilled , and something sprayed in her face from the midst of the flowers .
victoria had always disliked the smell of the sunny flowers .
one of those ridiculous flowers on your gown .
it would n't burn forever , but she had many flowers , and surely each one would last for several minutes .
` ` where 's the bloody flower ? ''
with her own sigh of exasperation , she picked up the flower and held it to the flame .
one satin petal lit , and she put it on the floor next to them as the flower kindled to life .
then she stomped her foot on the last of the burning satin flower .
lady winnie clasped the smallest collection of flowers to her ample bosom , burying her face in the beautiful lilies that carried their precious scent throughout the room .
` ` so he did not come to call , but he sent flowers in his stead . ''
melly , who was the recipient of the largest and most glorious of the flower arrangements , sniffed .
at least jellington knew enough to do that , although he certainly did n't send flowers the first day after we 'd met . ''
then , of course , there was the day following the treasure hunt at the villa palombara , when , instead of calling on her , he 'd only sent flowers ... that had had her sniffing in disdain .
there was a drawing of an odd - looking plant - a flower , really - with a swath of petals that grew up and curled out like the inverted skirt of a woman , and a massive , upright stamen .
` ` it 's a very useful flower , '' beauregard told her , ` ` to the undead , in particular , and , if one believes the work of the alchemist pilgrim who came to palombara , to mortals as well .
i dabble a bit in the breeding of flowers , and this one is one of my own creations .
why , he has not a jealous bone in his body ; he could not care if silvio named twenty flowers after me .
for i have my maximilian to name flowers after me himself . ''
` ` well , actually , that was not exactly how it occurred , but '' -she tipped her head to one side as though considering his fitness- '' i do see that being surrounded by flowers and digging in the dirt might suit you very well . ''
she smelled like flowers and some kind of spice , and though he barely got a taste , her lips were warm and moist with surprise .
a gardenia tree , laden with creamy white blossoms , grew up from below and was near enough that he could choose a flower and offer it to her .
who 'd brought her flowers after she lectured him .
this icon of evil , of rapaciousness , smelled like a summer flower .
she and roger , having grown so accustomed to hotel living , had emulated that very lifestyle in their home , with heated bathroom floors , a downstairs steam room , twice - weekly fresh flower deliveries , seven - day - a - week landscaping , and of course their housekeeper and laundress .
he went out his front door and stood on the brick step overlooking his lawn and lush flower beds .
` ` i can send more flowers . ''
winkler had spent a lot of money on the pool , ashe figured ; it was irregularly shaped , with palms , tropical plants and flowers surrounding the flagstone border .
` ` i got flowers ? ''
wynn did n't get flowers ! ''
` ` i ' m not surprised ashe sent flowers , '' lavonna laughed .
` ` come on in , dori 's having a fit about the flowers ashe sent . ''
` ` dori got flowers ? ''
` ` he sent you flowers 'cause it 's monday ? ''
` ` ashe , i got the flowers .
` ` somebody sent somebody flowers , '' marco teased .
` ` man , now i have to give cori flowers , just to keep her happy , '' marco grumped good - naturedly as they ran .
ashe was digging narrow trenches after raking back mulch and ground cover around short , squatty palm trees and tropical flower bushes .
toff pointed at a comb that held a jeweled flower .
we became the order of the night flower upon hraede - my five vampire children and i .
rigo and his hraedan order of the night flower concoct poisons all the time , yet you do n't have any problem with him . ''
ildevar , ra'ak that he was , seemed to appreciate flowers and ornamental shrubs just as much as anyone .
i ' m not in the mood for flowers and violins right now . ''
order flowers and use my account . ''
` ` i believe the flowers you sent her should arrive before we do . ''
` ` i sent the queen flowers ?
grant placed a vase of flowers on the table beside my plate .
lissa , have you received flowers ?
` ` these , '' he said , indicating the six vampires , ` ` are the rith naeri - the order of the night flower on hraede . ''
he tapped the side of his neck , where a tattoo of the hraedan night flower lay .
` ` lissa , allow me to introduce four of the six members of rith naeri , the order of the night flower from hraede , '' lynx 's grin widened .
` ` well , let 's go , then , but first let 's get some flowers . ''
we found a flower shop on kifirin and i pulled in a few gold coins to pay for the bouquet roff selected .
we 're here to leave these flowers for roff 's father , '' i said .
i asked , pointing to the flowers in his arms .
we allowed the flowers to drop away beneath us once we were over the right spot , and watched as a tiny tongue of flame consumed them when they fell .
` ` i see a beautiful meadow in bright sunlight , with flowers everywhere .
` ` all right , '' i leaned my forehead into the hollow of his shoulder , right against the tattoo of the night flower on his neck .
` ` come along , shy little flower , '' drake laughed at me as he and drew each grabbed an arm and hauled me along .
the scent of the grass was sweet and the flower gardens surrounding the villa were all in bloom .
he 'd been wandering outside ; i smelled freshly mown grass and flowers about him .
you smell like snow and flowers in meadows .
` ` and they place flowers as a memorial . ''
` ` they place flowers ? ''
` ` there is a flower market , not far away . ''
` ` get me inside the flower shop , lissa . ''
we went to the flower shop , gabron guiding me with mindspeech , and we misted right through the door .
gabron indicated the flowers he wanted , and we ended up with half the shop , i think .
the streets were deserted in front of blue desirewhen we landed and materialized ; gabron and i placed the flowers , scattering them around the doorway .
karzac pointed at the video screen , where a news crew had recorded images of the flowers and the message i 'd scratched into the pavement .
kellee had a flower garden of attendants with her ; all dressed in the gaudiest multi - colored silk dresses .
i 'd like to put flowers out since i 'd be close but that could be dangerous .
i 'd pretty much cleaned out their little cooler of fresh flowers .
i suppose spending over four hundred dollars at a grocery store for flowers was n't something that happened every day .
she just rang up my flowers and took the cash i handed her .
the trip out to rose hill cemetery came next and i hoped the police would n't come by as i scattered flowers over don 's grave .
each table had a snowy tablecloth laid and crystal stemware with napkins and silver plus a centerpiece of cut flowers .
* * * ` ` she is here , '' griffin knelt down by the small patch of dead flowers at the edge of rene 's property .
whether i wanted to know or not , kellee told me all about the dresses , flowers and every tiny detail of the wedding .
i did n't know what to think at first , before going to my laptop and powering it up , thinking i might be able to order flowers and arrange to have them delivered to don 's grave or something .
i wondered if i could get flowers somewhere .
some of the grocery stores carried flowers , i knew .
my next stop was a grocery store , where i bought a mixed bouquet of flowers before heading out to rose hill cemetery .
the gravesite was near the narrow road running through the cemetery , covered still in a pile of raw oklahoma dirt and brittle dead flowers .
tears fell as i cleaned away old flowers and debris .
` ` here you go , honey , '' i laid the fresh flowers on don 's grave and sat down beside it .
i flung an arm out , knocking a vase of silk flowers off the chest beside the door .
steela , an old woman who lived in the ward long before i moved there , had made the garden blossom from a grass lawn with hedges around it into a veritable jungle of flowers and vegetables and vines and trees .
i kneel , ignoring the muddy stains seeping into my trousers , and break the stems of half a dozen flowers .
his cold eyes drop to the flowers in my hand .
i crush the flower stems into my palms .
i 'd even forgotten the flowers clutched in my right hand .
i ' m going to give her these frexing flowers if it kills me .
the flowers i 'd so carefully chosen from the garden - the big , bright blooms i 'd selected specifically because they reminded me of amy 's hair - crinkle against the force of my fist meeting the wall .
i let the flowers drop at amy 's door , slap both hands around my ears , trapping the noises inside my skull as i run from the hospital to the grav tube to the keeper level and silent tranquility .
a pile of crushed flowers rests beside my door .
in the end , though , i stand up and leave the broken flowers in the hall .
the colors are bland - gray and white - but someone has stenciled in a peeling green ivy chain around the doorframe and hand painted a vine of flowers along the baseboards .
the hospital opens up to a flower garden .
there is a brown stain just outside her door : the crushed remains of the flowers i 'd left for her .
harley 's eyes are on the trailing black , watching the drips race one another over the hand - painted flowers .
elder stares at the flowers at our feet .
that night on the feeder level , when the sprinklers in the ceiling dumped ` ` rain '' on our heads so heavy that the flowers bent under the force , when i was still scared and still unsure , and droplets trailed from the ends of elder 's hair across his high cheekbones , resting on his full lips ...
what kind of flowers did mom plant in the front yard ?
the ones he painted on her favorite tunic , the night he 'd spent eight hours straight covering her room with ivy and flowers .
kayleigh 's flowers .
i looked farther , over the reeds and lotus flowers on the far edge , my eyes skimming across the bright green new grass .
i try to see through its depths - the water 's clear , and not very deep , but my eyes bore past the dangling roots of lotus flowers to the green - brown murkiness that shadows my view .
i know the feel of it under my feet - the thicker mulch near the hospital doorstep , the flowers that brush my legs as the path winds through the garden , the cool scent of water as i turn around the pond , the slight incline as i approach the recorder hall .
the bottom is dry earth now , cracked under the heat of the solar lamp , and the lotus flowers are wilted strands of green and pink , already dead .
i think these flowers came from that stringy stuff that was on the trees earlier . ''
least i could do , after i made such a mess of the last time i brought you flowers . ''
i look at him curiously - when did he last bring me flowers ? -and then i bend my face down to breathe in the intoxicating sticky - sweet scent of the flower .
i look at him curiously - when did he last bring me flowers ? -and then i bend my face down to breathe in the intoxicating sticky - sweet scent of the flower .
the sticky remains of the purple flower petals still cling to her palm .
` ` a flower .
she sniffed a flower and then- '' ` ` passed out ? ''
i look down at the hand my mother still holds , and it 's not until i do so that i realize my body is answering for me : the last thing i remember is holding the flower elder gave me .
` ` the flower , '' i say , because i know they do n't care about how i feel ; they need only a cold medical analysis .
the reptilian bird that tried to eat my face , marred footprints in the forest of something nearby , watching us , the flowers that nearly drowned amy , and now two more are dead ... ...
` ` your father has n't noticed you 're missing , amy , but he will soon ... ... ` ` i nod - my dad is going to be furious if he finds out i made my way back to the shuttle , especially after yesterday 's fiasco with the purple flowers .
something as simple as sniffing a flower could make you sick ; wandering from the group could leave you the victim of savage beasts . ''
` ` one of the purple flowers that knocked me out ? ''
` ` so all i need is a sample '' -she plucks one of the purple string flowers from the jar- '' and then i can make an analyte to test against dr . gupta 's blood . ''
` ` i thought you said that you did n't believe the flower could have drugged dr .
when elder brought you to me , after you were knocked out by that purple flower .
` ` she knew not to mess with the purple flowers ; she saw what they did to me ! ''
` ` when elder brought you to us , after you passed out from those purple flowers . ''
to the forest - where the flowers make us sleep and the pteros fly overhead ?
` ` be careful of the flowers , '' dad whispers to me .
i 'd almost forgotten about the purple string flowers .
one of the flowers hangs low , nearly at the level of my face .
i look down at my hand , stained purple from the flower i crushed earlier .
` ` the flowers , '' i say .
` ` the purple string flowers , '' i repeat , excitement growing in my voice .
` ` even if we got the flowers , they only bloom when wet .
for a moment , i have an image of rolling the string flowers into cigarette paper and lighting them up .
` ` not that we would literally smoke the flowers , but that we could blow the smoke on the aliens .
and we still do n't know if the creatures - whatever they are - are affected by the neurotoxins in the flower . ''
` ` your mother would know how to test the flowers and smoke , figure out the effects of it on the aliens .
` ` i do n't like it , '' dad growls at me as he sends five of his military to the forest to collect strands of the purple flower .
` ` i do n't like building the colony 's entire defense around some flowers . ''
once we have enough of the purple string flowers gathered , dad has his men start digging a shallow trench .
the idea is that we 'll load the flowers into the trench along with a fuse and if we see the aliens approaching , we 'll light the fuse and smoke them out .
we 're all waiting - for an attack we are n't even sure is coming , against an enemy we ' ve never seen , using a weapon made of flowers .
` ` you told your little friends about the plan with the flowers .
if i had just seen the glass flowers by themselves , without knowing how they were made , i would call them works of art .
they are perfectly balanced , delicate and lovely , with a string of liquid gold inside that i know wo n't fade - it will make the flowers glow from within , lit petals that almost look alive .
chris halfheartedly raises his gun - my gun - the gun used to kill my father - toward me , but i knock his hand aside as if he held nothing more dangerous than a flower .
oak trees , shrubs , flower beds , all carefully maintained .
she was wearing a colourful red - and - blue sarong and had a flower pinned in her hair .
' and a cute flower in my hair . '
aydee got out her own , though hers had yellow rims with flowers painted on them .
welcome to the city of flowers . '
' fortunately , lord smedry , ' mallo said as we walked , ' our flowers are all nonallergenic . '
' do you know how many different species of flower there are in the city ?
' they talk to flowers ! '
indeed , many of the flowers lining the street did seem to be drooping .
tall and slender , angola dartmoor was about ten years older than bastille and wore a mokian wrap of yellow and black with a matching flower in her hair .
should n't girls smell like flowers or something like that ?
we 're like two shattering flowers in a field of shattering daisies . '
in addition to the paraphernalia taped to her walls , she has a dozen china teacups filled with plastic glitter rings , and silver rings with amber stones , and glass rings with pressed flowers .
i ' m told people are dropping by the graves of loved ones and leaving flowers and personal tokens .
he playfully disapproves of her random boyfriends and girlfriends , and gives her flowers for no reason .
in high school , marjorie keener had brought along an extra flower for elijah when she picked danny up for the prom .
gabriel looks like a woman - perhaps an easier way to convey the news , with a flower held like a pen in his hand .
gabriel is fiercer than before , his finger jabbing upward , the flowers spilling from his hands .
she 's still studying the painting , her eyes following the flowers ' paths .
i took it off slowly with balled - up tissues , which i left floating in the toilet bowl , little blooming flowers of pink .
and my dad would make his famous fried eggs , and izzy would set the table like she sometimes does at holidays , with different mismatched plates and fruit and flowers that she gathers from around the house and dumps in the middle of the table and calls a ` ` thenterpeeth . ''
anna pulls out a purple lighter with flowers on it - not the lighter i expected of her - and tries to spark the joint .
she looks like some kind of tropical flower .
i imagined i would live there forever , sleeping on a bed of moss , wearing flowers in my hair and living in harmony with the bears and foxes and unicorns .
there 's a dried flower arrangement on a side table decorated with lace , next to a framed family photo .
it is mostly dark , and it 's all plaids and lace and dried flowers .
and then , just at that moment , when i ' m no longer sure if i ' m dreaming or awake or walking some valley in between where everything you wish for comes true , i feel the flutter of his lips on mine , but it 's too late , i ' m slipping , i ' m gone , he 's gone , and the moment curls away and back on itself like a flower folding up for the night .
oh my god , you guys , it was the weirdest thing ... she got the biggest bouquet of flowers ... she actually smiled .
` ` ... and then one of the cupids came in , and i swear , she had , like , three dozen flowers , all for juliet . ''
and she did n't throw out the flowers , after all .
and then , fifty feet ahead of me , i see a figure in white emerge from the woods , unfolding from a crouch like a long , pale flower .
lying on the deck on hot august afternoons with the smell of grass shavings and flowers so heavy in the air , it 's like you 're tasting them .
when she pulled away to study what i looked like with the crown of flowers in my hair , i had the brief impression that she knew how much she confused me and was enjoying it .
i leaned over and placed the crown of flowers onto her head , letting my hands linger in her hair just a moment more than was necessary .
i glanced over at her ; she seemed so different from the girl who had placed a crown of flowers in my hair by the creek and told me to make a wish on a paper star .
` ` in the second grade , toby and i borrowed a bunch of plastic jewelry from his little sister and buried it in his mother 's flower bed .
i thought about how she 'd made that crown of flowers by the creek , laughing at me when i told her i 'd probably wind up at some nearby state school , that i did n't really have any plans to leave orange county .
` ` knock on her door with flowers ? ''
` ` and you want to show up at her front door with flowers ? ''
toby had been right - now was n't the time for flowers .
there are flowers that stand for things , too .
i can smell his breath and i reflect - today , into his mouth i have put bread , sausage , water , spit , and a good deal of mrs . little 's bounty , and still his baby breath smells as sweet as any flowers .
the backyard was just as charming as the front of the house with big flower beds and a charming patio swing that was shaded underneath a huge maple tree .
there are fresh cut flowers in the middle of the dresser , and dry - cleaning bags hanging on the closet door .
she clenches her jaw , frowns at the flower arrangement in the center of the table or the stack of magazines on either side .
maybe it 's the drugs , but her face above the flowers makes me imagine her as a faery .
she places the flowers on the built - in veneer dresser and quinton hands me gaming magazines .
for me : grilled chicken and hardboiled eggs from room service available at any time , a shower with a clear glass door - not a curtain , minimum 1200 thread - count egyptian cotton sheets , ten goose down pillows , two 700 - fill down comforters , fresh flowers daily , dry cleaning picked up and returned twice daily , a full gaming system and games ( type tbd ) , wireless controllers and batteries , minimum 52 '' flat screen television , four new toothbrushes per day ( different colors ) , a lint roller , and a box of crown condoms .
i could n't plant flowers with gloves on ( earning , ` ` noob , '' from darlene ) , so there are solid black lines of dirt under al ten fingernails .
the eight by ten foot space is overrun with greenery and flowers , and from the parking lot her patio looks like a miniature rainforest on the top floor , contrasting with neighboring porches of bicycles , plastic furniture , and bored dogs .
so i ' m kind of stunned when mrs . diego appears next to me before lunch , as i ' m emptying a bag of mulch into the shrub and flower borders across the backyard .
she glances over the flower beds , the pile of mulch i ' ve yet to spread around the new plants .
i take my time folding the dying flowers into the trash and rinsing the vase .
deb 's new room is located on the second floor , and has a window shaded by tal oaks , overlooking the landscaped commons area- home to a native flower garden , slate pathways , and smooth , worn wooden benches .
she stares out of the back window , gazing at that new mound of earth within the flower bed , where my identifying tile will go .
in a month or so , the dirt will have compressed back into place and the weather will be warmer , and dad will plant new flowers there .
deb used to tell me hilarious stories of esther as a puppy - how she regularly dug up part of dad 's flower garden to bury her treats and toys .
she 'd then deposit newly uprooted flowers on the back step , like a confession , or a gift - infuriating our usually unflappable father .
he 's like a little flower bud that just wo n't open up , and to be perfectly frank - with what he 's seen , i do n't know if he ever will . '
they 're pink - which i know you think is such a cliche flower colour .
the funny thing about this song , i thinks , putting the pennywhistle back up to my lips and breathing out the slow sad melody , is that it starts out like that with the two lovers all tight and true and then it goes to : love is gentle and love is kind , the sweetest flower when first it 's new , but love grows old , and waxes cold , and fades away , like the morning dew pretty harsh , that .
you ' ve bloomed like the ambrosial flower you are , my winsome wunderkind . ''
i could only watch in shock as i was drawn toward him as if a flower to the sun .
i struggled against the flux , kicking and twisting myself free of its hold , and tumbled like a seed into the sunlight , into the field of flowers .
i lay down in the flowers and waited for the end .
i kept his secret close to my heart , like a night - blooming flower , only thinking of it when i was alone .
i laid the bear back among the flowers .
` ` i dreamed of a field of flowers .
it was n't difficult to link the fragments about hunger and energy , but i could n't think of what red flower could mean .
the doe was scuffing her hoof against some flowers , watching them bob their heads .
in the center of the lid was the eight - petaled flower , like one of his boxes of vials .
he took a single red flower from the box .
beneath the glass was a wilted flower , the petals brown and shriveled , propped up by a delicate wire stand .
whatever kind of flower it had been in life , it was unrecognizable in death .
i could n't think why she would have a dead flower in the middle of her dinner table - but then , this was nashira .
i could n't take my eyes off the flower .
a brooch , badly tarnished by the years , it was shaped just like the flower on his snuff box .
i cut through the flowers , heading for the ther .
had n't he said the red flower could hurt them ?
a human and a rephaite , as different as night and day - trapped in our own bell jar , like the withered flower .
on my left was a small fountain - no water - and on my right , a bed of shriveled flowers .
` ` i can not tell you about my motives , but i will tell you a little about the red flower , if you wish . ''
and from the blood of adonis sprang the anemone : a short - lived , perennial flower , stained as red as the blood itself - and the spirit of adonis was sent , like all spirits , to languish in the underworld .
the bell jar and the lifeless flower stood on a covered plinth .
with your help , and your cities , we hope that the flower of our alliance can finally bloom . ''
and the flower of transgression will forever remain withered . ''
i glanced at the withered flower in the bell jar .
inside was a flower .
a flower in full bloom , strange and beautiful , its eight petals wet with nector .
the flower that had once been dead .
for a moment warden looked at the flower , his eyes aglow .
there was a storm in my dreamscape : memories pouring through lightning - like cracks , flowers torn apart by a high wind .
a sun - drenched flower on the edge of perception , beckoning me into a different world .
besides , to be displaced from this decaying world - your little world of flower and flesh - well , that would almost be a blessing .
i get to be a flower girl .
since i am the flower girl and friend to the groom and known to senor ric , i am chosen to take up my guitar and start the festivities .
there is a grand ball tonight and you must look your prettiest , for all the local swains will be there - the randolphs , the calhouns , the wilkes , the clays - why , the very flower of southern manhood will be there at your feet .
` ` my little inglese cactus flower has come back to her flaco , as i knew she someday would , the good god be praised ! ''
and this same flower that smiles to - day to - morrow will be dying .
i go around the side of the pig and am rewarded with the glorious sight of my flower garden .
jemimah directs the cultivation of the vegetables , she being of a practical nature , and i handle the flowers , me being more interested in the matter of ornamental flora .
i like having flowers on the tables at the pig - it civilizes the place a bit and gives it a touch of class .
and he 's brought me flowers .
the flowers crush between our shirts .
i hold the flowers in one hand and swing my other hand behind me .
in one glance they see the flowers , and me and noah holding hands .
i find an old dallas thermos and put the flowers inside .
now that the flowers are in place , i ' m feeling a little better .
the woman is looking at a set of slightly chipped flower pots , asking if they 'll fit geraniums .
on the first day , i give him flowers and time .
i turn them all into flowers .
because i know that as well as giving him the flowers , i am giving him the time it takes to make them .
i have folded a flower for noah 's lapel and have affixed my grandmother 's pin with pride .
noah comes down and i give him the flower .
he hands me a photograph of a flower - it 's beautiful , more vibrant in color than the real thing .
i remember the leaves falling and crunching under my feet , the snowflakes burning my skin , the yellow long - stem flowers blooming by the fence , and then being scorched by the powerful july sun - through it all i kept shooting .
pop pulls two bucks from his shirt pocket , holds the money out to me , and says , ` ` buy erin some flowers , will ya ?
` ` thanks , i will , '' i say , even though flowers will cost more money .
dad drives me to the hospital and we buy flowers at the gift shop near the cafeteria .
i write : erin , pop sends you this flower .
when things slow down a little , i 'll have one of the nurses deliver the flowers to your girlfriend .
` ` i told her the flower was from you , pop , and that you wanted to play her in war . ''
39 on the anniversary of my mother 's murder , just like every other year , dad , pop , and i lay flowers on her grave - cathy mcmanus .
i was going to save it for a christmas gift , but you should use it tonight , '' she offered , handing me a bottle of lotion with pink flowers drawn on the label .
the room opened up into a receiving area at the main entrance with a small table set against the wall , where a colorful arrangement of flowers was set next to a picture of four people , who i presumed to be the mathews family .
` ` oh , um , i guess drew gave me flowers to give to you .
it was a whirlwind relationship , and it was difficult to recall how we had gotten to the point where he 'd want to give me flowers .
` ` em , he 's kissed you in public , he bought you flowers , and he calls me to check in on you - yeah , i ' m pretty sure he thinks that . ''
they discussed a trip to the hardware store the next day to pick out flowers and shrubs for the front yard .
i looked down at the white bedspread with the pink flowers .
in the guest room with the flowers .
the flower was gone and the curls tossed loosely around her head .
i gawked at the enclosed space , with brilliant pink flowers draping over the fence surrounding it .
she was wearing a white strapless dress with yellow flowers printed on it .
she was wearing her best lavender church dress , white gloves , and a fancy matching hat with flowers all around it .
` ` now , let me see those flowers . ''
a silver ring dangled from the pin that held the flowers .
as does that striking confederate flower to your left . ''
` ` ' we see him come , and know him ours , who , with his sun - shine , and his showers , turns all the patient ground to flowers .
turning the ground to flowers , the darling of the world . ''
except his flowers were n't plastic , and his headstone was surrounded by potted gardenias and hydrangeas , rather than glow - in - the - dark crosses .
macon 's flower beds were blooming and brilliant , his trees trimmed and orderly , the broad green lawns clipped close and clean , stretching down from the great house to the santee river .
i saw a vase of fresh flowers on the table next to my aunt 's bed .
they looked like the flowers amma had resorted to growing inside .
you know i ca n't see anythin ' but feathers an ' flowers sittin ' behind dot jessup in that big old easter bonnet , anyhow . ''
i ca n't believe there 's a flower still blooming anywhere near here . ''
link was backing away from the dead grass , dotted with plastic flowers and headstones .
carved angels in the gatlin graveyard held on to every kind of flower , and some even held on to the gravestones like they were life vests .
` ` prudence ... '' aunt prue gave her the kind of look that could wilt and wither a whole flower bed .
she hesitated for a second near the flower bed before pocketing the wrapper .
lance shook the excess water from the stem of the pilfered flower and slipped into the chair across from the woman called miss james .
` ` have you sent flowers ? ''
` ` well , that 's no reason not to send flowers , '' madelyn said , amazed .
` ` cut flowers die , '' madelyn afforded , as if clicking through the ` ` in case of death or hospitalization '' registry in her head .
after all , fresh flowers and a clean house might be all that 's waiting for you at the end of the day .
noticing the way the three pink flowers seemed to be wilting in the sun , she felt compelled to add , ` ` wo n't you come in ? ''
julia thought she could see joy behind the old woman 's scowl as she did the mental calculations , knowing she might get drugs , flowers , and press coverage all in the same day .
julia , madelyn , and the rest of ro - ro 's posse were still examining the flowers on the roof - an amazing sight , lance had to admit , and one he hated to leave in order to return the old woman to her room .
` ` your skin is so soft , like flower petals . ''
` ` you even smell like flowers . ''
a delicate and tiny flower she was not .
the only thing they 'd successfully done that day was scratch the home and trample some of their mom 's beloved flowers .
with a smile i grabbed her wrist and slipped the flowers on .
she admired her wrist once the flowers were in place , then she laughed and gave me such a loving look , that an ache went straight through me .
when they stepped up to the fake flower arrangement in front of a bland black and white background , sawyer leaned into me and whispered , ` ` do you think they like each other ? ''
now , i may have been overly sensitive to the mood of the people around me at this point , but i swear it got pin - droppingly silent when we posed beside our flower potted pedestal .
i watched as she adjusted some of the bent and broken flower petals , thinking those crushed flowers summed up our night pretty well .
i watched as she adjusted some of the bent and broken flower petals , thinking those crushed flowers summed up our night pretty well .
she was wearing a summery dress with large flowers printed on it .
as she was cursed to be some lame flower for the rest of her life .
flowers and herbs grew like crazy , overflowing their ceramic pots and climbing the rusty railings .
beside her on the small bedside table was a pot of hibiscus flowers .
i even checked by the fence , where she had planted a row of flowers a few weekends ago .
she 'd been in the arms of one of those monsters , beside a broken pot of hibiscus flowers .
the need to tel him everything almost overwhelmed me , but i looked away , training my eyes on the bushy , bitter - smel ing flowers .
a pot of purple hibiscus flowers sat beside the bed -mom 's favorite .
hibiscuses had been mom 's favorite flower , and i found several in bloom .
until they got turned into trees or flowers , that is . ''
back when the gods roamed the earth freely , people who ended up dying some tragic death became a flower if they were young and beautiful , male or female , and had earned a god 's favor .
how in the world did the pures manage to keep these fragile flowers alive all year round ?
chapter 5 the next morning , apollo , marcus , and i stood in the small sunroom that overflowed with plants and flowers .
after investigating every flower and plant in the room , she sat on one of the window seats and remained there , gazing at the thick woods that surrounded the safe house .
hyacinth was n't turned into a flower by my brethren .
apollo had changed hyacinth into a flower to protect him .
the slate wall drew closer as the flowers gave way to trees .
her delicate , porcelain features reminded me of a frail , exotic flower , which i had n't been expecting .
to me , those flowers had always served as a twisted reminder of what could happen if you were favored by a god .
i wondered if there 'd be a flower named after me one day .
` ` when you least expect it , i ' m going to turn you into a pink flower that smells like cat pee . ''
i withered like a poor little flower left out in the sun without water .
he picked a flower , one blooming with pretty , white and pink petals .
` ` it 's such a pretty flower . ''
flowers , landscapes , and this was sushi . ''
flowers and leaves all twisted around each other - words , alphabets , apples , oranges , urns , and weeping willow trees - all made out of thread on white cloth and framed with fine wood and ... ` ` yes .
the woman in yellow comes and sits down beside me and her perfume , which smells like the tropical flowers i had sniffed in jamaica , wraps around my head and i do n't know what to do ' cept sit there like a trapped mouse .
there are clusters of easy chairs grouped around low tea tables on which the cups and saucers and spoons and napkins are set , and clarissa leads randall to the one she has selected for herself - the grandest one , the one with the largest bouquet of flowers on it and , as the central one , visible to the entire room .
we 'd lived so long with it all hanging in the balance , it felt weird to be only worrying about the heat wilting the flowers our families had ordered from gardens of eden , cooking the blooms until they looked like a bunch of dead broccoli clumps .
the room smelled of flowers and scented oils .
i wanted to get something nice for uncle carl and flowers just seemed weird .
two ceramic pots sat on the floor holding frail , dead flowers .
flowers were in full bloom , lined perfectly along the creek 's bank ; vines crawled over the forest bed and wrapped themselves around every tree , every branch , in an intricate display of green .
the flowers on the bank behind me were gone ; the crawling vines withered and brittle .
another step and the flowers upon the bank withered and died in an instant .
the trees are green again and there are flowers near the entrance of the restaurant , though they had probably been planted recently by some landscaping service .
his skinny body collides abrasively against the wall and the flowers tumble tumultuously from his hands , scattering on the floor beneath him like dead promises .
cars and people 's legs and rust - colored clay flower pots all spin around in a haze of brisk , chaotic movement .
he pours his coffee into the flower pot of a nearby fake plant sitting on the floor .
` ` yeah , '' i say , ` ` and flowers , too - i do n't ever want to see her again , alex . ''
like a flower .
` ` when you see a flower painted by georgia o'keef e , what comes to mind ? ''
liraz took the flower , looked at it , and then at hazael , expressionless .
she chewed the flower and swallowed it .
` ` oh , do you give flowers often ? ''
she tightened the screw , and her pain began to open like a flower .
one for each of the godstars , the spires had been slender towers of impossible height , like the stems of flowers growing toward the heavens .
they both looked like goddesses sailing in , fresh and bright with their flower bouquets clutched in their hands .
i clutched at him , flowers still in my hand , arms around his neck , unable to believe he was here , real , flesh .
i felt his desperation , his urgency , and met it , using my bouquet of flowers to draw his head in toward me to kiss him hard , giving me a strong , heady combination of sweet roses and dale to fill my senses .
i put my satin pink high heel , dyed to match my dress , on the table with the flowers and champagne .
in them i ' m standing under a white canopy with flowers in my hair .
i stick my face in the flowers and inhale , trying to fight down the urge to reach out and hug her .
for a moment i just stand there , inhaling the clean smells of furniture polish and windex and fresh- cut flowers .
even the bees seem drunk in the heat , circling slowly , colliding , hitting up against the withering flowers before thudding to the ground , then starting dazedly back into the air .
during our initial exploration we came into what must have been the master bedroom - an enormous room , with the half- collapsed beams of a four - poster bed still standing in the middle of it - and looked up into the gloom , and saw dozens and dozens of dark , silent shapes massed along the wooden beams , like horrible black buds dangling along a flower stem , ready to drop .
so every time we wanted to say something to each other we would get up and sharpen our pencils , and leave a little note in that empty flower pot in the back of the class . ''
and when i heard footsteps i would pretend they were my parents ' , even though they never were ; and i would pretend the smell - you know how hospitals always smell like bleach , and just a little bit like flowers ? -was because my mother was washing the sheets . ''
like flowers , too . ''
i do my best not to look at her mouth and chin : there , the deformity is at its worst , as though her face is curling up into itself , a wilting flower .
a linen - draped table has been set up in front of the large bay windows , which look out onto the hargroves ' well - manicured lawn and impeccable flower beds , where blooms have been organized by height , type , and color .
one scratch from my tiny brimstone flower and eric would die .
he walked briskly toward her , and she turned from the flower .
the carved flowers and gems on the wall are n't carvings , are they ? ''
she stood next to me and stared at the flower .
each exquisite flower had been a person ?
as we walked deeper into the lorren , i looked at the flowers on the walls .
and the place was full of flowers .
my fingers touched the petals of the golden flowers as i slowed down my pace .
and , where i was , they were still so thick that the flowers hung off the walls in cascading mounds .
my fingers threaded through the golden jeweled flowers hanging off the walls .
an impulse shot through me and i wanted to rip the golden flowers down , as if it could hurt the lorren .
if it were possible any of their humanity was still trapped within the flowers , i could n't destroy them in a fit of rage .
then the golden flowers would suck me into the wall and i 'd be trapped like the rest of them .
i would have been a golden flower , trapped in this godforsaken place forever !
eric would become one of the golden flowers on the walls of this f**king tomb !
he was a scrawny nobody twirling flowers in the lorren .
my throat tightened as i wondered if that flower was someone .
the lorren 's lined with flowers that were people who 'd not made it out alive .
slouching , he gestured toward my chest - ignoring my comments - and tilted the flower toward me .
his rough hands handled the flower delicately .
as he touched the flower 's stem to the only part of my wound that still contained sapphire serum , i could see the silver petals slowly soak up the blue .
instead , he focused on his fingers and the flower , saying nothing while he worked .
the flower twirled and slowly i felt better .
he shook his head and lifted the flower away from my skin , flipping over the rose to look at the tip of the stem .
flipping the flower over again , he glared at me with those haunting eyes .
lorren reached his hand out and pushed his fingers through the golden flowers .
the long ropes of flowers slid aside as if they were on a curtain rod .
then i paused , realizing that maybe the people who were turned into flowers were given justice .
the sharp edge of the white flower cut the padding on my index finger .
the drop of blood blemished the tiny white flower and ran down into its petals .
i tried to rub it off with my thumb , but i just smeared it over both flowers .
we used to come out here in the summer to read the epitaphs between sprigs of flowers .
he pointed to the words encircling the picture , ` ` these are describing it - there are two intertwined flowers nestled together .
spinning on my heel , i swung my arm back and made my fist collide with a wall of golden flowers .
turning , i twisted one of the flowers off the wall .
i moved toward jenna marie like i was going to lay the flower on her chest .
i forced the tension out of my body and leaned back into the flowers .
satan 's stone was identical to the pendant around my neck , except the center flowers burned like they were on fire .
` ` umm ... . '' she wants me to look for pink flowers ?
you can pick your own flowers . ''
` ` from the pictures you have pegged all over your magazines , the place will be full of flowers .
* * * now that the locations are settled on , lora and i are at the flower shop putting together the final order .
` ` this is an insane amount of money to spend on flowers .
` ` i 'll even buy you flowers if you 'd like . ''
` ` buy me flowers . ''
` ` thanks for the flowers , '' she says .
i asked you what you wanted and you said roses , and then you said , ` ` but not the flowers . ''
i 'd never given anybody flowers before , but i 'd always wanted to .
i handed you the flowers and you handed me the box .
she found him standing in front of a flower stand , holding a single pink rose .
and then sylvie saw it , under a tree just twenty feet away : a bunch of flowers , a lit candle , a photo .
joanna did a lap of the place , marveling at how many types of barley there were to choose from , ogling the flowers in the extensive plant nursery tucked away in the corner of the store , perusing the pottery , handblown glass , and folk - art weather vanes that were displayed near the fruits and vegetables .
at his station , he bought a bouquet from the flower seller by starbucks and sprinted to his car .
she held the flowers outstretched , as if they were wilting .
she placed the vase of flowers on the island .
they stood in the gazebo in roderick 's backyard , white flowers all around them .
why had n't just one person planted blue flowers , or yellow ?
he wondered what his apartment had been converted into , and if the same rusty patio furniture was on the back deck , and if his mother was planting the same exact configuration of flowers in the garden , recreating her childhood anew every spring .
they reminded me of these flowers you used to pick and bring back home when you were ... . '' he trailed off , his bright green eyes widening .
i mean , i do n't mind breathing in the smell of lilacs every once and awhile , or taking in the scent of freshly fallen rain right after a storm , but he was a guy that smelled like flowers .
alex and i picking flowers in a field ; watching other keepers practice sword fighting ; playing , having fun , smiling .
violet flowers ... hmm , it was ringing a bell .
the smell was intoxicating and caused my memories to spin in my head , little images of the countless times that i 'd picked these flowers when i was a child .
in the photo , my mother and i stood out in a field dusted with violet flowers .
yes , actually sniffed me , like he was smelling a flower or something .
i did n't know what it was about cars , but it brought out the heat between alex and i. thankfully , he was driving and i was in the backseat , sitting next to nicholas , who was practically like an air freshener , with how much rainy - flower scent flowed off him .
` ` nicholas ... '' but the only thing there was the lingering smell of flowers .
someone who smelt an awful lot like nicholas , i thought , remembering the smell of flowers that had lingered outside my window after i found the note .
i asked and suddenly he was right there , his golden eyes only inches away from me , the smell of flowers and rain smothering me to the point that i gagged .
a single purple flower , lying on the sidewalk , whispering : come find me .
i plucked a violet flower out of a flower pot hanging by the front door .
i plucked a violet flower out of a flower pot hanging by the front door .
then i encircled the three of us in a halo of feathers and let the crushed violet flower fall from my hand , hoping he d figure it out .
but the violet flower i hoped would be a good enough message that he would think of the violet bush that conceal our childhood hideout and know where to look .
i stuffed the flower into my pocket and started down the street .
i removed the flower from my pocket .
i nodded and put the flower away .
inside the bag were many things that contained a lot of power ; the flower of malina , the box of aurora , the dust of the burning bridge .
she picked a violet flower from the ground and spun it in her fingers .
she paused , handing me the violet flower .
i stared at the flower as it rested in the palm of my hand .
i released the flower and let the wind carry it away to the unknown .
` ` we ca n't all be flower children , neil . ''
there was this weird abstract painting of a woman hanging over the door and brittle potted plants with no flowers dotted here and there .
she smeled of some kind of flower , but it must have been from her shampoo because falon could n't be bothered with things like perfume .
i ' m not a wilting flower .
it smelled like flowers and was soft against her skin as she wrapped it around her body .
` ` apparently me , '' he said , rubbing his chest as he eyed his brother , arranging flowers he 'd gotten from haven .
` ` buon san valentino , '' he said , holding out the flower .
smiling sheepishly , she took the flower from him .
he pulled a blue and gold flower out of it and slipped it on her wrist .
nicholas intervened again , and lisa stomped away as he picked up haven 's flower .
` ` she broke my flower . ''
she climbed trees and chased bugs , picked flowers and ran through sprinklers , and all the while carmine urged her on .
of course , he knew enough to stop by a store and buy something before coming home - usually throwing in some flowers to butter me up .
` ` with flowers ? ''
` ` with excuses , kiddo ... although , flowers again would be nice .
like a smart man once told me , the nastiest fertilizer makes the most beautiful flowers grow .
corrado had no pen and paper , so he could n't reply yet , but he knew exactly what he 'd say : flowers come in every color , but some are n't meant to be picked .
the sun shone brightly , the afternoon warm as trees grew lush and flowers bloomed .
* * * the long , gold - toned casket stood out strikingly on the grassy knoll , a makeshift memorial of colorful flowers surrounding it on all sides .
her eyes widened as she took the flower from him .
we 'd all been drinking so she comes and we meet in this room , and then adam comes out with flowers and stuff for her .
she was upset at first , but then he gave her the flowers and said he was sorry and started to beg her to talk .
there were fresh flowers on the table .
we walked farther , down a winding street with manicured lawns and perfect flower beds that could n't possibly have been mere miles from the gallagher walls .
you read that correctly - flowers on a stick ( or , well , flowers on a stretchy band thingy ) .
you read that correctly - flowers on a stick ( or , well , flowers on a stretchy band thingy ) .
there was a couch and a cushy chair , some flowers in a vase .
she reached for the dead flowers in the vase by the bed and threw them in the trash .
there were bicycles and old women selling flowers , scooters and police cars that drove through the city with haunting , piercing sirens that caused the hair on my arms to stand on end .
she turned instead and fingered the fresh flowers on the table , eyed the silk window coverings blocking the view .
the room was suddenly cold , the smell of the flowers overpowering .
` ` i assume you got my flowers . ''
they both kept goggles secured over their eyes , and their breathing masks over their mouths , so there was no talking as nick placed a tool into her hands , and kat walked to the first painting , flowers on a cool spring day .
an image that was anything but flowers on a cool spring day .
oh , it would have been easy enough to purchase a bouquet of flowers , throw on an apron , and disappear into the parade of florists and caterers that had been filing in and out of the service elevators all morning .
there were black shutters and flower boxes on every window .
until one day he bought me flowers . ''
he bought me the whole flower shop .
i see matan has collected flowers in his chubby hands , and they 're for me .
his smile widens when i take the flowers from him , smell them , and say , ` ` mmmm . ''
i take one of the flowers and push the stem into his hair , the flower sticking out of his long , curly locks .
i take one of the flowers and push the stem into his hair , the flower sticking out of his long , curly locks .
i know he does n't understand a word of english , but he laughs back , then takes a flower out of my hand and puts it into my hair .
instead of responding , he gently pulls a flower out of my hair .
i think it 's the first time i ' ve smiled since matan put the flowers in my hair .
but safta got a whole flower shop from my grandfather .
and what does avi expect me to do with flowers when i ' m going on a twelve - hour flight tomorrow ?
` ` you do n't like the flowers ? ''
` ` so you got me flowers .
why do you bring flowers to someone every week ?
i bring her flowers every saturday , but they wo n't let me see her or talk to her .
staring at the fresh flowers in the middle of the kitchen table , i say , ` ` mom , how many times have you been in love ? ''
mom turns around and heads back inside the house carrying a bundle of flowers , leaving dad alone .
he stopped to get flowers ?
` ` getting you flowers or something , '' mike replies .
` ` he stopped to get flowers ? ''
he hands me the flowers and drags a hand across my hair .
i smel the flowers and whisper , ` ` i ' m fine - just a sprain . ''
she and i would sit outside for hours , singing songs while making flower bracelets and necklaces and rings .
i covered the wood in pictures of white flowers cut from various newspapers and magazines .
she keeps adjusting the vase and arranging the flowers .
he did n't even bring flowers .
a little girl looked up at me , holding a baby food jar that she was covering with flowers .
matt gently sets it on top of my ear , like how women sometimes wear tropical flowers .
he leans around the flower arrangement to grin at me .
decorators and servers were busy arranging dishes and flowers and lights .
one time a guy had flowers delivered here and told us to give them to his girlfriend .
the hallway behind scott was dark , light from the bathroom ill uminating the faded flower wall paper in the hall .
a cart on wheels pushed up beside my bed balanced two flower arrangements , a bouquet of ball oons that cheered get well soon !
she was in the middle of the lineup , tidying her strawberry blond side ponytail , pinning it in place with a pink plastic flower .
was i supposed to get one of those flower things for your wrist ?
i 'll have those flowers in my hands before the brains of your other friends have registered that you ' ve tossed them . ''
i fussed o mover vee 's bun , teasing loose a few more strands to frame her face , and pinned fragrant stephanotis flowers at the crown .
better than flowers . ''
i can understand why you 'd want to , but think about this : if you die , there 's going to be one of those cheesy princess diana memorials at school , where everyone puts flowers and candles and notes next to your locker . ''
and maybe this was why even though adam willingly submitted to schubert symphonies and attended any recital i gave , bringing me stargazer lilies , my favorite flower , i 'd still rather have gone to the dentist than to one of his shows .
like decorating my windowsill with flowers every day for a week when i was contagious with the chicken pox .
and with speed that made me breathless , she was discharged from the hospital and dispatched to a rehab center , which looked like a condo complex , with flat paths crisscrossing the grounds , which were just beginning to bloom with spring flowers when mia arrived .
my eyes have adjusted so i can see that the garden is pretty big , an expanse of grass bisected by brick paths and ringed by flower beds .
we ' ve moved on to flowers now .
` ` i 'll buy you flowers , '' i offered .
and she was n't some fragile flower , either .
a magnificent mantle covered her shoulders , made of every flower under the sun : lilies , roses , tulips , daffodils , and plants i did n't have a name for .
however , it was n't the flower woman all eyes were trained on , but what she held in her hands .
her gorgeous robe withered , the flowers turning black and falling to the ground .
ash pulled us through the opening , crushing flowers underfoot , and threw his weight against the doors .
the wireman collapsed , twitching , in the flowers , shredding the delicate blooms like paper .
his coat was in tatters , one side of his face was covered in crimson , and more blood dripped from numerous wounds to the flowers below .
blood streaked his face , splattering the white flowers beneath him , and his sword dangled limply from his grasp .
together , we cleared away flowers to make the campfire , though i felt a stab of guilt every time i yanked one up .
careful not to wake puck , i rose and wandered into the flowers , breathing in the heady scent , marveling as a feathery blue moth landed on my thumb , weighing nothing at all .
` ` no , '' he murmured , as the ghostly faery appeared again , dancing among the flowers .
the flowers ... remember . ''
we stood in silence for a while , watching ariella 's memory dance among the flowers , her gossamer hair floating on the breeze as bright motes swirled around her .
the flowers had faded , and ash was already gone .
i ripped the flowers off the door and dove through , puck and ironhorse toppling in after me .
they 're not going to be hanging around parks and museums , singing to flowers .
i imagined myself in a field of white flowers , watching a ghostly ash and ariella dance together in the moonlight , together at last .
the booth was dark and empty , though flowers were scattered everywhere inside , dried stems and petals fluttering across the counter .
i had n't come here to smell the flowers , i was here to discover why two faeries were talking about kenzie .
annwyl flicked the branch with her fingers , and it snapped , one half of the stick spinning away into the flowers .
she took us down another path that turned into a rocky trail , winding its way through a serene landscape of flowers and plants .
rustic wooden railings and benches lined the path , and a few late - blooming flowers still poked up from the vegetation .
keirran looked up almost guiltily as i joined him , staring at the tangle of vines , weeds , flowers and half - breed .
the subtle warmth and scent of flowers that filled my room when annwyl was present was also gone .
` ` you were standing in that meadow with the flowers in full bloom , surrounded by deer , and i remember thinking you were the most captivating sight in the entire nevernever .
bees and butterflies floated everywhere among the flowers , sparkling like living jewels , and i could feel the sun 's warmth beating down on us .
except for the bees hovering around the flowers , nothing moved out here except us .
they are uniform , seeming to ripple into one another , their windows and french doors thrown open , flowers spilling out .
of a little girl in the most absurdly frilly skirt , plucking petals off a flower .
bees dance between the flower bushes , and children play - there 's so much life in these old hospital walls .
i turn right and wind up at a flower market , the colorful blooms popping in the gray morning .
it 's not quite the flower fields at keukenhof , but maybe it 'll do .
i get us lost for about twenty minutes until i find the flower market i passed this morning .
i walk away , leaving wren to her flowers .
` ` did n't you buy flowers for your stall ? ''
` ` oh , i do n't buy flowers directly from the farms .
he points to where people are loading up their trucks with flowers .
after rosalind gives her final soliloquy , it 's over , and people are going crazy , just nuts , clapping and whistling , and i ' m turning and throwing my arms around wren and then wolfgang , pressing my cheek against the broadcloth of his cotton shirt , inhaling the smoky tobacco scent mingled with flower nectar and dirt .
the flowers she is carrying drop to the ground as she hurls herself into his arms .
four the last time i was in celine 's flat , more than a year ago , she hurled a vase of dead flowers at my head .
even the picasso flowers are gone .
your flowers , '' kate says , leaning over to pick up a bouquet of sunflowers .
i take the flowers .
my favorites were dandelions , because when we were younger , leah and i used to search and pull all the dandelions from our neighbors ' lawns , sing mama had a baby and her head popped off , and flick the tops of the flowers off of the stems as we sang the word popped .
i walk over to the empty flower beds and start poking the shovel into the dirt to loosen it .
the woman is holding out a long , pink and green flower - print robe .
because the last person i expected to answer the door to mrs . reynolds ' house was maggie armstrong wearing a ridiculous , oversized dress with pink and green flowers plastered all over it .
the trees and grass and flowers are getting ready for dormancy .
the gazebo is standing like a castle in the middle of the grass , outlined by the flower beds .
` ` i loved the look on your face when she made you wear that dress to plant flowers in . ''
one of the gutters is falling off , and no flowers have been planted out front .
beside the computer sits a small flower that 's been forgotten .
the flower is n't dead yet , but it 's not far off .
i stand in a field of flowers on a warm summer day .
an icy tingle inches up my spine , a feeling much like the times i ' ve brought life back to the flower in the computer room , and the feeling spreads throughout the rest of me .
he reaches down to pick a handful of purple flowers only to crush them in his hand .
eight kicks a patch of flowers .
one bends down and picks some flowers , twining the stalks together , then wrapping the flower chain around her wrist like a bracelet .
one bends down and picks some flowers , twining the stalks together , then wrapping the flower chain around her wrist like a bracelet .
my father out of uniform , in a pair of flower - print swim trunks , pulling a cooler filled with cookout supplies out of the trunk of our family 's convertible .
` ` we were drawing flowers .
` ` now , let 's see those flowers , '' i say .
the girl next to me demands , and i compliment her on her flower ( even if it looks more like an elephant than a tulip ) and tell her to draw more .
i ' m pretty sure it 's not a flower .
he laughed into the phone and told me that was great , because now he did n't have to bring flowers .
` ` the flowers in the vase ? ''
dinner , a movie , maybe some flowers and candles - not doing it on the couch or on his unmade bed in his messy bedroom that had socks and god knows what else strewn across the floor .
` ` i 'd thought for sure you 'd be all over that disgusting flower bed by now . ''
the flower bed outside was hideous .
` ` yeah , see , there 's this flower bed in front- '' he said nothing , just cocked a brow with disdain .
` ` well , see , i need to go buy plants- '' ` ` for the flower bed .
` ` actually , i was thinking of tackling the overgrown flower bed in the front .
they had everything needed for me to fix that gross flower bed out front .
` ` want to get something to drink before we drag those bags over to the flower beds ? ''
` ` i ' m helping her with the flower bed .
there was a layered effect , taller and leafy , sturdier plants in the back and flowers in the front .
daemon stared at the freshly planted flowers , almost like he were dissecting them for a science experiment .
` ` and i think we need to spread our lameness to the flower bed in front of our house , '' she continued , her eyes filling with excitement .
` ` i was thinking we could work on the flower bed , which is outside - not inside - the last time i checked . ''
i put on the tiny scraps in record time , and a pair of denim shorts and a tank top that had pretty flowers on it over the top to hide my audacity .
how i used to garden with him and we 'd spend saturday mornings during the spring searching for new plants and flowers .
simon handed me a stack of craptastic drawings of flowers .
it was too late to get the dead plants out of the flower bed .
perfect without the dinner , movies , and flowers , because how could you really plan something like this ?
in a couple of weeks , i 'd sprout flowers .
i 'd heard once that it could help the flowers bloom again .
and yet someone has planted flowers along the edges of the sidewalk , and there are a few trees .
i deposit the flowers unceremoniously on a side table .
` ` why the flowers ? ''
he 's visiting me with flowers , pretending he 's in love with me , and though he says the prince has april , he has n't given me any proof .
` ` it 's lovely , '' i say - but instead of the flower , i look at him , feeling light - headed and odd .
the vases of flowers are wilting in there , too .
` ` your mother wants flowers , '' he says .
what he means is that she dislikes elliott , but getting flowers provides us with an excuse to leave the penthouse .
` ` if there are flowers , we will take them home to your mother .
beggars hover around the periphery of the market , more numerous than shoppers , and not a single vendor has flowers .
instead of flowers , father buys two bushels of apples , and we lug them to the fence that has been erected to keep the beggars out .
elliott has come to the apartment without flowers .
i remember the way he looked at me after i crushed the white flower in the courtyard .
one is holding a bouquet of wilting flowers .
though a mural has been painted on the wall , an alfresco painting of flowers and a scene that i think is supposed to be venice , the room smells of mold and something even worse .
a potted flower sits on a balcony above us .
i reach out and brush the tiny blue flowers in the grass .
thom , our newest hero , rearranges flowers and then settles beside the grave , his head bowed .
and gally , alby and ben claim they saw you in their memories after the changing - and from what i gather , you were n't plantin ' flowers and helpin ' old ladies cross the street .
though something told him there was a better chance of gally bringing him flowers than of passing a day in the glade with nothing strange happening .
thomas grabbed the two bars outside of where she held on , moved close enough to smell her - a surprisingly pleasant scent of sweat and flowers .
but i ' m also a realist ; i do n't see flowers and rainbows where they are n't .
strongheart : it is you who will die , villain , for your dastardly assault upon the honor of this frail flower !
while we were doing this , i sent daniel over to pick some flowers i had spotted earlier on the bank , and with them i made a posy chain for her hair .
a delighted clementine tosses her flower crown before going down and a surprised katy deere catches it .
the burlap fell back on either side , draping over the table like the petals of a flower opening to welcome the spring sun .
before us , at the apex of the hill , were a church and , a stone 's throw away , its rectory made of stone and a gable roof , the flower beds bursting with spring bulbs in riots of white , pink , indigo , and gold , as quaint - and ominous - as the house in which poor hansel and gretel were nearly roasted alive .
as first - class passengers we could expect to endure the most trying of passages - subsisting in a private suite comprising a bedroom and separate sitting room , decorated in the most gaudy of victorian excesses , with hot and cold running water and electric lighting ; forced to take our evening meals at tables shabbily draped in crisp white linen and decorated with crystal vases laden with fresh flowers every evening , under the great glass dome of the first - class dining saloon ; trapped for hours in the walnut - paneled library with its eight hundred volumes ; or being constantly pestered by the obsessively attentive staff and crew , white - jacketed and always , according to the doctor , at your elbow , ever eager to deliver the most mundane of services .
` ` i have come to see monsieur arthur rimbaud , '' the monstrumologist informed the desk clerk , an arab whose white shirt had probably started out the day crisply starched but now had wilted in the heat , like the queen of the night desert flower .
not a flower for miles .
here : the boy in the tattered hat smelling of smoke and the blood sticky on his bare hands and the thing opened up before him like a spring flower straining toward the sun .
i 'll just be an ass who apologizes and brings you flowers to say he 's been a dick . ''
the ones who never plant flowers , or do and let them die .
though they lived right next door and one kid or another might pedal past me as i watered mom 's flowers , it was easy not to run into them .
he 's wearing that blue hawaiian shirt that makes me feel like i can almost smell the flowers pictured on it .
the husky , sweet , imaginary scent those flowers give off could almost inspire a velma to flip out into some very daphne - style drunken antics .
` ` what about a flower ?
girls are supposed to like flowers , right ? ''
ricky worked in the kitchen at dot 's , and he was always sending gifts up to dayna - cheap flowers , purchased at the gas station ; little teddy bear figurines .
with flowers and everything . ''
putting water in a vase , i wonder if alex ever brought his girlfriend flowers .
he finally reaches the thing , but the flowers distract him and he falls , flinging his body in all directions .
usually girls smell too much like flowers or vanilla , but kiara has a distinctly sweet raspberry scent that 's totally turning me on .
` ` they 're p - p - perfect , '' i say , bringing the purple and white flowers to my nose so i can breathe in their sweet scent .
i clutch the flowers , rosary , and note to my chest .
i look down at the beautiful flowers .
` ` actually , the flowers are for kiara because she has to deal with you . ''
she 's into abstract flower patterns that remind her of some artist named georgia o'keeffe or something .
` ` you did n't have to bring me flowers .
when i put the flowers to my nose to smell them , luis looks nervous .
laila climbed like a pro over the struggling bush in the flower bed and into my room .
a single butterfly rests on a flower five feet from us , its plain white wings moving slowly up and down .
the camera stayed focused on the ali shrine , as they called it , the candles , beanie babies , wilted flowers people no doubt just picked out of neighbors ' gardens , marshmallow peeps - ali 's favorite candy - and of course photos .
tulips were alison 's favorite flower .
the flawlessly manicured lawns had turned a dry , dull brown , the flowers in the beds had withered , and many of the leaves on the trees had shriveled up and fallen to the ground .
there was a tiny flower tattoo behind her ear - perhaps temporary , or perhaps real .
a gardener was on his hands and knees , cleaning out dried grass from one of the flower beds .
not a flower or a leaf was out of place ... except for the four sixth - grade girls who all happened to be stealthily creeping into the dilaurentises ' backyard at the same time .
some kids drew pointless things on their pieces , like a flower or a smiley face or - dumbest of all - the rosewood day crest , but hanna understood that a well - decorated time capsule flag was as important as carrying the right handbag or getting highlights from the henri flaubert salon in the king james .
spencer ran her fingers along the slightly wilted floral arrangement on the island until she realized where she 'd seen the flowers last - on nana 's casket .
it was simply nice to get flowers on such a gray winter day .
mike pulled the flowers back to his chest , the cellophane crinkling .
the room smelled like fresh flowers , and there was classical music playing quietly over a hidden speaker .
emily 's eyes followed a bumblebee as it meandered from flower to flower in spencer 's front garden .
four ambulances barreled onto the hastingses ' lawn , giving no heed to the perfectly shaped shrubs and flower beds .
` ` and as for the propane , '' wilden went on , touching the large bouquet of flowers that sat on spencer 's nightstand , ` ` jason dilaurentis asked me to buy it for his lake house in the poconos .
hanna stared blankly at a wreath of dried flowers isabel had hung up when she took ownership of the house , replacing hanna 's mother 's far more preferable stainless - steel wall clock .
women were hanging flowers on mary 's family 's door , and obedient amish children were clearing litter from the surrounding farmyard .
there were no flowers on her nightstand or balloons in the corner .
aria picked up the crinkly wrapping around the bouquet of flowers she 'd picked up at the grocery store just minutes ago .
then she hung up , grabbed the flowers , opened the passenger door , and started up the walk .
someone had set up fresh flowers at the headstone 's base and taped a picture of ali to the stone itself .
` ` i just- '' ` ` you just nothing , '' her mother growled , shaking a finger at her so violently , spencer took a couple of frightened steps back into the flower beds .
a dark - haired reporter was standing in front of the ali shrine , the collection of photos , candles , flowers , and stuffed animals on the curb of the dilaurentises ' old house .
give it to a guy named pete who works at the flower stand at thirtieth street station .
did n't guys only give their girlfriends flowers when they felt guilty ?
meeting the flower seller , pete , who had dirt under his fingernails , a tattoo on his neck , and looked at hanna like he wanted to shove her behind the springy bouquets of tulips and have his way with her .
they were the same sorts of flowers her parents had gotten for her grandmother 's funeral .
a flower vase had been knocked over , too .
aside from the occasionally stinky exhaust from the passing cars , the whole world smelled like spring flowers and hot caramel from pinkberry 's toppings bar .
she and aria were joking around near ali 's flower bushes .
it had a basketball hoop in the driveway , a big weeping willow in the side yard , and cheerful flower beds under the front windows .
certain things , like coffee , cheese , and flowers , smelled horrible .
when she saw a blurry figure lying splayed out near one of the flower beds , she screamed .
there was a green watering can on the steps , daffodils peeking up in the flower beds , and a fruit wreath on the door .
the new woman who 'd moved into the cavanaugh house across the street was kneeling in the flower bed , weeding .
` ` her room smelled like flowers and powder and just ...
as a final touch , she 'd popped a flower behind her ear .
he 'd sent flowers to her house and her homeroom .
they passed a wawa and a flower shop , and then the road that led to aria 's house .
a huge gazebo and flower garden were on the right .
iris tossed the flower onto the lawn .
he leaned over and smelled a bouquet of flowers someone had left on a grave .
32 crazy love when emily pulled into her driveway , her mom was bent over in the front flower bed , spreading mulch .
mike kicked at loose gravel in the flower bed .
tulips sprung from the flower beds in the front lawn .
everyone 's just supposed to drop everything and treat you like some sort of delicate flower . ''
but when emily even looked at the blooming flowers or the brilliant green grass , all she felt was dread .
` ` so , mom , the flowers at the service were the exact color i want to paint my living room walls . ''
` ` i ' m asking eric what color flowers he 's getting me , '' she explained .
so wren had met her there and they 'd made out on a secluded bench behind the concourse 's flower stand , emerging flushed with kisses and smelling like lilacs .
and would an older girl have paused when wren plucked a single tulip from the flower stand when the florist was n't looking and handed it to spencer without paying , thinking they were going to get in trouble ?
andrew had come to pick her up , and , despite all her anxiety , spencer had put her drama club skills to use and fooled her family into thinking they were an item - giving andrew a little kiss near the lips when she saw him , graciously accepting his flowers , posing for a picture , her cheek pressed to his .
then aria took the others ' hands and they strode across emily 's lawn , treading straight through a flower bed .
it had a bay window with a window seat , gauzy white curtains , and a white bouquet of flowers on the end table .
the flowers ' grandmotherly smell filled the room .
gumdrop - colored flowers lined the window boxes .
kids were sitting on the fountains or on the wooden benches next to the flower beds or near the butterfly sanctuary , calmly talking and eating their lunches .
` ` you ca n't pick flowers in here ! ''
24 and in another garden across town ... friday afternoon , spencer leaned over her mother 's flower bed , pulling out the thick , stubborn weeds .
it was like pulling petals off a flower : he loves me , he loves me not .
the inside of body tonic smelled like massage oil and fresh flowers , which made hanna 's stomach turn .
the performing magician handed cassie a balloon flower .
` ` and flowers !
the room smelled like a mix of perfume and flowers , and soft music played through the speakers .
aria stared at herself , taking in her vintage dress and the flowers tucked in her hair .
it was all so ... her , down to the stolen flowers behind her ear and the fact that hallbjorn had forgotten to rent shoes with his tux and was still wearing his icelandic climbing boots .
the yard was elegantly landscaped ; not a single flower was anything less than wedding - arrangement perfect .
since everyone had been asked to show up dressed for the luau theme , spencer wore a short , floral - printed dress and an orchid flower behind her ear , which kept sending out romantic whiffs of perfume with every toss of her hair .
she sat up a little straighter and adjusted her flower .
a strong scent of flowers wafted in spencer 's nose , making her queasy .
when she turned the knob , her hand flaked off at the elbow , as brittle as a dried flower .
her vans sank in the wet , soft grass as she walked past the graves , many of them bearing fresh flowers and american flags .
if i ca n't open a door and grab flowers and a letter then i should kiss florida goodbye .
girls like flowers . ''
the curtains are blue silk and frilly things like flowers and paintings of flowers decorate every available space .
and a big , fat , fluffy dress that reminds me of a flower .
i would have knocked on her front door , met her father , charmed her mother , brought flowers and done all that wooing shit that guys are supposed to do when trying to win the girl .
but i have noticed that he has a very protective nature when it comes to you , and it is possible that in order to protect his frail and delicate flower from harm , he might order her to that rose - covered cottage by the shore to safely keep house and await his return from the perilous sea .
our operatives in france were able to extricate her from that place , and she was brought here and given a mission to paris to gather information- '' ` ` totally against my will , '' i say , and sniff , looking down at the bunch of poor , wilting flowers that i still hold in my hand .
amongst the other flowers , i see a daisy and i draw it out from the bunch .
` ` oh yes , i do , '' says i , pulling the hatpin that holds higgins 's flower to my breast .
never let it be said that colonel ashley tarleton kept a flower of southern womanhood from having a proper mammy fo ' her baby ! ''
y'see , when one wily fox step aside , another one will step up and take his place , and when one bear decide to lie back and smell the flowers , well , another mean old bear will come roarin ' in , up to all sorts of rascality . ''
` ` ah , that another man shall pluck this rare and beautiful flower .
after the san cristobal had struck her colors , flaco brought el diablo rojo alongside and shouted up at me , ` ` i think we are done here for now , jacquelina , my sweet little cactus flower , and i will say , adios , mi amor .
carefully cut grass and small meticulous gardens and flower beds made it seem like nothing bad could ever happen here .
fresh flowers adorned tables set up nearby , pretty white blossoms like the ones i had noticed on the way to the fields .
she had a pretty accent , smelled like flowers ... and she had dark hair .
mrs . bigwater had an herb garden to the side and flowers out front that rioted in pink and orange .
your account would contain information about the fruit , never mentioning the flower . ''
we hugged tight and long ; and the sun itself seemed to shine brighter , glowing on the white petals of the flowers growing in her window box .
i wanted to grow food people could eat and flowers they would admire .
she was a year younger than i was , with long black hair and eyes like the heart of a flower .
` ` you 'll deal with unicorns - maybe some flower people and a pegasus or two - and you 'll like it .
birds sang , bees hummed in the well - stocked flower beds , and even the air seemed fresh and clear .
the atmosphere ought to have been gloomy and sinister , but daylight was streaming into the room through the tall windows , and you looked out at a garden full of flowers .
i did n't have any guilty conscience , which surprised me , since i was usually disapproving when lesley nibbled more than one of the free samples in the harrods delicatessen department or - like only the other day - picked a flower in the park .
i was captivated by all the flowers in the beds , the lush green turf , and the fragrance in the air .
pale blue fabric patterned with cream - colored sprigs of flowers was billowing all around me .
` ` i ' m coming as a flower girl in a green dress with a basket full of green posies .
aunt maddy sat down on her unmade bed and stared at the flower pattern on the lavender wallpaper .
` ` on the way back , you could get some flowers , please , mr . bernard , '' said lady arista .
aunt maddy , called in by mr . bernard , who was probably still chasing from flower shop to flower shop , had spent all day in here , and she had given the room a little of her own special aunt maddy touch .
the tea table was n't laid in the small , round room this time , but otherwise it was just like when we were last here , except that the flower arrangement had been replaced by delphiniums and stocks .
the animals are dying , birds do n't fly , crops are hard to come by , flowers almost do n't exist .
my body is a carnivorous flower , a poisonous houseplant , a loaded gun with a million triggers and he 's more than ready to fire .
i search the space for the flowers but find none .
` ` no , '' said meadow , ` ` it 's like putting flowers on a grave .
named after her mother 's favorite flower , she had always hated her name -- hated the fact that so many southern girls of their day were named for such passive things as flowers : violet .
named after her mother 's favorite flower , she had always hated her name -- hated the fact that so many southern girls of their day were named for such passive things as flowers : violet .
instead of the bride , she went to hide in the flower girl .
` ` if you want to set things straight in the hereafter , '' the ogre said calmly , ` ` then you need to put kudzu back in the living world -- just like you did to those flowers the other day . ''
since she was named after a flower , she named him after another plant .
` ` a dog 's not like a bunch of stupid flowers .
the fingers turned to flowers and his eyes slid down to his elbows .
wilted flowers attested to the fact that he was visited regularly , but no one was visiting him at the moment that allie ` ` the outcast '' johnson put his physical self to rest .
no flower girls or ring bearers .
and flowers , '' she says .
i was surprised when wolfe began leading us toward the flower district , the wealthy neighbourhood where matai and wolfe lived , where all nobility and wealthy business owners had beautiful townhouses .
owen laughed and dropped the flowers on the ground .
` ` miranda wants to go in to houston so we can talk to someone about flowers for the wedding . ''
we spread mom 's ashes on the water and grass around the bench - and i pray flowers will bloom there in the spring , which is a girly and maybe silly sentiment , but a nice thought too .
i do not want any of these flower arrangements or sympathy cards to exist , so i ask donna to burn them in the backyard , but i never see any smoke rising past my window , so i do n't think she is honoring my request .
chapter 45 flowers are in the ground , where we can not see the future wonderment chapter 46 easter comes and goes .
did you get the flowers i sent you ? ''
` ` yeah , thanks , '' i say , even though i chucked all the flowers without even reading one damn card .
donna has flowers for both of us .
` ` that is beside the point , '' he cleared his throat and offered me the flowers .
the pretty flowers intertwined each other in delicate brush strokes and mimicked the exotic beauty of the five women that would be my stewards .
between the rooftops , displaying the expansiveness of the palace , were exotic gardens housing every type of blooming flower imaginable .
the steward with the flower petals began sprinkling them across the expanse of the ivory bathtub .
gabriel searched quietly for a key buried in a flower bed to the right of a bright yellow door .
` ` she insists that the flowers have complete freedom . ''
his gaze lingered on mine , waiting for me to react , but all i could do was stand in stunned silence at the thought of his mother wanting the flowers to have freedom .
this particular area of the garden , tucked behind the castle and in the middle of a maze of dirt pathways and overgrown flowers , was more delicately manicured .
the flowers , like the rest of the garden , were clustered and chaotic , spreading frantically throughout the garden with no direction or discipline , the symbol of utter freedom inside walls that choked on the very idea .
the table itself was decorated with an ivory lace tablecloth and an elaborate display of flowers picked from this same garden where we sat .
her gaze fell to the chaotically overgrown maze of flowers and hedges stretched out below the balcony , and bathed in the soft moonlight .
the scent of the flowers at night , and the warmth of the summer breeze floating over my bear arms drugged my senses .
the only embellishment was a fabric flower on the right hip .
i quieted the urge to knock over an expensive looking porcelain vase , hand painted with blue flowers , just to cause trouble .
we walked down the tower stairs and toward the courtyard where long tables decorated with rich , red table cloths and fall flower arrangements of sunflowers and marigolds sitting under the setting sun .
girls loved that gabriel bewitched the flowers to bloom all the time .
she stared out at the flowers , deep in thought and only acknowledged me with a lift of her eyebrow .
` ` these flowers give me the heebs , '' i admitted , breaking our comfortable silence .
the chance to die was taken from these flowers , like our chance to live was taken from us . ''
but gabriel offered to these flowers what no other flower on earth can have and that is a chance to be immortalized .
but gabriel offered to these flowers what no other flower on earth can have and that is a chance to be immortalized .
there are no paths , no flowers .
she picks one flower out of my hand , her fingertips brushing mine as she does .
she plants flowers , but they grow among whatever else shows up . ''
i had the delicate purple flower that he gave me on the plains tucked down my bodice , and as i peel away the remains of the dress , i find it crushed against my skin , almost beyond recognition .
what does it say about how i ' ve changed that i feel more for the loss of one tiny flower than for the loss of the dress ?
it 's a flower .
and that flower is gone - it was destroyed in the downpour , crushed against my skin .
i cup the flower in my hands , closing my eyes for a long moment .
belatedly i remember that i pressed the replicated flower between two of its pages to preserve it and keep it safe ; i still have n't told him about it .
scattered words and phrases describing one of the purple flowers we found together , something beautiful in a sea of loneliness .
` ` my drawing lessons were always more focused on flowers and lakeside vistas , but my maps served their purpose . ''
before our eyes springs up a wave of flowers , the purple blooms from that first night on the plains , when tarver tried to distract me from the fact that i was going mad .
the flowers are still there .
the flower was something they made for me , and just for me - to tell him would be to explain what it meant to me , in that moment of utter darkness .
and now these flowers ... i do n't know , maybe i ' m trying too hard to find sense in all of this . ''
all i want is to go find out if they 're real , if they 're as solid as the flower in his journal .
the sea of flowers vanished into mist as we climbed back down the wreckage , but we know now where we 're being led .
maybe one moment would be worth it , even if afterward it all dissolved into mist , like our trail of purple flowers .
i see the wooden front door , the windows and window boxes , filled to overflowing with herbs and yellow flowers .
there are flowers growing everywhere in the woods .
i go back to the mound of flowers , adding fresh ones , taking out those that die each day .
they showed that to me covered in flowers , the way i always remember it .
` ` did you bring the flower back ? ''
` ` the flower from the plains - i put it here , in these pages . ''
` ` you left that flower by the river , '' i say carefully .
i flip through the pages but see no pressed flower there .
for all i know , the real lilac did find that flower , did slip it into my journal .
i ' m trying not to think about what she said - that they brought the flower back to life , the way they brought her back .
and that now that flower is no more than dust .
they brought the flower back and didn't - like me .
perhaps the effort required to flicker the lights took their attention away from sustaining the flower .
i try to imagine myself drifting to infinitesimal pieces on the wind , turning to dust like the flower did .
an image flashes through my mind of the outline of the flower in my journal - the flower she said they created , the flower she said disintegrated .
an image flashes through my mind of the outline of the flower in my journal - the flower she said they created , the flower she said disintegrated .
an image flashes through my mind of the outline of the flower in my journal - the flower she said they created , the flower she said disintegrated .
lilac says they re - created her flower .
i ' ve been trying desperately to push aside the thought of the canteen disintegrating just like her flower did .
like the flower ; like the canteen .
` ` we could splash black paint over all of the dresses and then wear like corsages with dead flowers in them as like a statement against the greeting - card holiday that defines the awfulness that is valentine 's day . ''
` ` are you saying piper would n't look pretty covered in black paint , carrying dead flowers ? ''
flowers upon flowers decorated every inch of it .
flowers upon flowers decorated every inch of it .
` ` get well flowers from your fans . ''
phoebe nodded towards the ground floor of a block of what , with their little windows and potted flowers sitting on ledges edged with quaint wrought - iron railings , had to be apartments .
the begonias in dad 's flower bed were trampled .
the flowers made eureka think of the pale gold variety that slipped up under the mailbox of her old house in new iberia every year around her birthday .
he ran his fingers along one flower 's thin stem .
she thought of a line in the passage madame blavatsky had translated , about selene finding the prince kneeling near the river in a patch of narcissus flowers .
instead of handing her the flower , ander crushed the petals inside a tight , shaking fist .
what was wrong with flowers lining a pond ?
it was pink and had flowers on it and i loved spinning in it .
seth 's next to her , carrying an extensive amount of brown paper bags with a purple flower logo on them .
still , i had n't been to many parties , and it was hard not to get caught up in the talk of silks and dances and flowers .
the grisha themselves mingled and danced , but they were easy to pick out in their bold colors : purple , red , and midnight blue , glowing beneath the chandeliers like exotic flowers that had sprung up in some pale garden .
the local girls wore red sarafan and flowers in their hair to celebrate the coming of spring .
the air was heavy with the scent of some night - blooming flower and , beneath that , the tang of lemons .
the queen sat at one end of the table looking like a crumpled flower in pale rose silk .
she waved and went back to weeding her flower bed .
he handed jade her flowers and her eyes sparkled .
` ` it 'll just take a minute to put these flowers in water .
jade and i hurriedly stuck our flowers in a couple of vases , grabbed our purses and we all piled into my little car .
i knelt by the basket and pulled one out with trembling fingers , raising the fragrant flower to my lips .
i inhaled deeply , tasting the flowers on my tongue , as i tried to gain my bearings .
` ` i know , not very manly to have a favourite flower but , hey , i am gardener after all . ''
from the age of twelve , cyrists wore a small lotus flower tattoo on their left hand as the outward symbol of chastity .
he just stood there , face like a sad puppy , with the flowers in his hand , saying how he 'd been incredibly stupid and how he loves me so much .
there were three bridesmaids , each clutching a small bouquet of flowers against her chest .
her smile was more subdued than the wild , exuberant grin i 'd hoped to see on her website , but it was definitely charlayne - with the pink petals of the lotus flower clear and distinct on her left hand .
` ` i expect the flowers my dad asked me to order will be here shortly . ''
you should send flowers to whoever paired you up . ''
there were flowers everywhere and a large picture of austen greeted everyone inside the church .
i need to go to the gravesite and bring aus flowers .
thank you so much for my flowers .
i try to tell her that i do n't want a fancy dress or a chapel or thousands of dollars ' worth of flowers that are going to die the week after , but it 's as if she does n't even hear me .
lily wore a yellow dress and two flower barrettes in her hair .
there was no food for a wedding feast , and there were no flowers for the bride 's hair , but she wore her grandmother 's pearl kokochnik .
it 's like wiping the smudges off a looking glass or putting flowers just so in a vase - sometimes my fingers fairly itch to set her to rights .
he made me pick the flowers for her because he knew she was expecting them .
the entire front of my locker is a giant painting of intricate flowers but flowers you ' ve never seen before , flowers that do n't exist in nature .
the entire front of my locker is a giant painting of intricate flowers but flowers you ' ve never seen before , flowers that do n't exist in nature .
the entire front of my locker is a giant painting of intricate flowers but flowers you ' ve never seen before , flowers that do n't exist in nature .
only flowers you would find , in say , a tim burton film .
` ` how do you even know the names of those flowers ?
` ` they 're my favorite flower , '' she said .
palms , cacti , and a couple of beautifully maintained flower beds covered the gravel front yard .
garrett had shown up at the mercers ' door a half hour earlier with a bouquet of flowers in his hands and a bouquet of different fragrances on his body - colognes , body sprays , hair gel , the works .
nisha had drawn flowers sprouting out of each of the letters in laurel 's name and a loopy scribble around the border .
` ` picking fresh flowers ? ''
` ` i noticed footprints al around the flower beds this morning , '' mrs . mercer snapped .
but sutton would n't have admitted to trampling the flowers , and now , neither would she .
he looked at the flower beds and the cone - shaped bird feeder that hung from a birch tree - anywhere but at emma .
and when he showed up to your party with those flowers ... it 's obvious he 's got it bad for you . ''
gabby was some sort of winged goddess in a similarly draped dress , nymphlike sandals , and a flower headdress .
it smelled exactly like sutton 's room - like fresh flowers , chocolate mint , and that organic , suttony essence she could n't quite put her finger on .
desert flowers bloomed all around them .
tiny purple flowers in clay pots lined the front porch , and a rocking chair with chipped yellow paint sat next to three days ' worth of newspapers rolled in blue plastic bags .
i smelled the dust and desert flowers of sabino canyon .
the wind kicked up , bringing with it the mingled scents of rotting trash and flowers from the gardens .
i really wanted to keep all the flowers and plants native to arizona , but i may have to do a few bouquets of calla lilies if the florist ca n't get her act together . ''
he 'd been such a rock these past few days especially - he 'd called her every night before bed , and had even brought her flowers at charlotte 's .
he 's the kind of guy who 'd hold open car doors , who 'd bring flowers .
paintings of desert flowers hung on the walls , and a steinway baby grand stood gleaming beneath one window .
it seems odd that he 's out so late , but ethan 's always been a little bit odd - i remember him carrying around a tarantula in a jar in junior high , and getting in trouble during gym class for looking at the flowers in the outfield when he was supposed to be playing baseball .
half - melted candles sat in glass jars on the white wood desk , wine bottles full of dried flowers lining the windowsill .
cream - colored adobe walls arched up from thick red carpets , and bunches of flowers had been arranged on every surface .
as i watched the video , my friends ' final tribute , my heart felt like a flower opening its bloom to the sun .
` ` oh , and thanks for the flowers , '' she said , stopping abruptly like she 'd forgotten something important .
` ` i ' ve never had a guy bring me flowers before . ''
come on , you girls were made to love flowers .
i smiled from her excitement over a simple bouquet of flowers .
if she reacted this way to flowers , she was going to bust something when she experienced what i had planned for the night .
` ` you know , i really do love flowers , '' she announced , tilting her head back my way as she stopped mid - stride .
` ` i was always secretly jealous of those girls who would get flowers delivered to them in the middle of class .
` ` you ' ve got a lot of nerve showing up on a fake date with my girlfriend with flowers that cost more than the first bill you 'll get from the emergency room after i teach your disrespecting ass a lesson . ''
` ` listen , i just thought since i was her boyfriend for the quarter and you 're her boyfriend for real , '' i pricked my muscles to life , realizing this next comment was going to earn me a swing , ` ` that one of us should get her flowers . ''
` ` i ' ve always wanted to do that , '' she said , ` ` but ty is n't exactly what you 'd call a fan of dancing- '' ` ` or flowers , '' i said under my breath .
` ` so the flowers are impressive , i 'll give you that , '' julia began , stalling her nail - polish chipping to take a quick inventory of the room that had been transformed into a greenhouse thanks to the no - limit account i 'd opened at the local florist .
` ` the flowers , the shirt , the apology .
` ` what do you think you 're doing bringing flowers to a girl who has a boyfriend ? ''
emma liked flowers , ty did n't see fit to get her any , i - as her pretend / project / wannabe / hopefully future boyfriend - should be allowed to get her some .
she set the flowers and chocolates in her mom 's lap , but she could have been laying them in a coffin for all the recognition she received .
when her eyes glazed over during the second sigh , i reached for the flowers about to fall from her lap to the floor .
my mom has enough flowers , they destroy my allergies anyway , '' phoenix 's eyes were glinting with mischief and i could n't tell if he was being serious or not .
what 's her favorite kind of flower ? ''
anyway , i ' m expecting aimee 's house to be a real shack , but it 's actually a lot like the house i lived in before the era of geech - basically a small brick cube with a gray roof that needs new shingles and a scruffy little bare yard with no trees or shrubs or flowers or anything else .
she sings me this sixties song called ` ` where have all the flowers gone , '' and i mean , sure , her voice is a little thin , but still , the girl closes her eyes and siphons it straight up from the left ventricle .
she paused beneath the awning of a flower shop where the owner was standing on the threshold to watch the grand procession .
small white flowers lay at the foot of her cot , and many infant - sized footprints led in and out of the tent .
before someone could enter and notice , celaena swept a foot over the tracks , destroying any trace , and stuffed the flowers into a nearby satchel .
people still waved and bowed , cheering and laughing , throwing flowers and other nonsense before their horses .
why were there not flowers at her head ?
she had about as much interest in the plants and flowers as she did in a mud puddle on the side of a street .
there were no flowers , not even a headstone .
there are boys in tuxedos , boys adorned with flowers , boys in torn hoodies , boys in ties as skinny as their jeans , boys in ironic taffeta gowns , boys in un - ironic taffeta gowns , boys in v - neck t - shirts , boys who feel awkward wearing dress shoes .
for every one of us who was able to die peacefully on a deck chair , blanket pulled high , as the wind stirred his hair and the sun warmed his face , there were hundreds of us whose last glimpse of the world was white walls and metal machinery , the tease of a window , the inadequate flowers in a vase , elected representatives from the wilds we had lost .
in her prom dress , she looked like a ' 50s pinup model , with her dark hair curled and a flower pinned near her forehead .
i closed my eyes for a moment and took a deep breath to clear my head , but instead my nose filled with the clean , warm male aroma that made me think of parks in mid - spring when all the greenery was sprouting and there was freshly turned dirt in all the flower beds .
pretty pictures of flowers and trick photography ?
that i liked pretty flowers and trick photography ?
and she entered , fragrant as a flower , and fell into my arms .
she brought the flower to roar .
even so , i was aghast at the thought of you , my brave but still frail and fine flower , living here in this squalor all those years .
there are doodles of flowers and princesses , entries about school and the weather , movies i liked , music i danced around to , my dreams of playing the sugar plum fairy in the nutcracker , or how jeremy morris sent one of his friends to ask me to be his girlfriend and of course i said no because why would i want to go out with someone too cowardly to ask me out himself ?
maybe within a couple of months i 'd be standing in a pink dress with flowers in my hair , watching her marry some guy i was supposed to call dad .
flowers , trees .
and angela gave me a look that would have withered flowers , so i dropped it .
it had to do with the use of light and how he used it to show the life of the thing he painted , like there was something bright pushing out from inside a child 's body or a flower 's petals or from some particular archway of an ancient building , radiating outward , something that transcended the physical .
it 's somebody else 's house now , and the thought makes me sad : someone else sleeping in my room , someone else at the kitchen window where mom always used to stand watching the hummingbirds flit from flower to flower in the backyard .
you 're my california flower , i remember tucker saying to me once .
i fill it with water and set the flowers on my desk .
you brought flowers .
` ` oh , good , '' i say , ` ` because i was wondering , what with the flowers and all . ''
he 's looking at the burghers , whose downcast , mournful faces seem even more in contrast to the bright , sunny day , the flowers blooming all around the courtyard , the sun shining , the birds singing .
i head down to the gift shop and buy her some yellow flowers in a vase that 's in the shape of a baby boot .
i set the flowers on the windowsill and gesture to anna that i ' m going .
we pass a woman standing in the middle of a yard , holding a hose , watering a patch of grassless , muddy ground , mumbling something about her flowers .
i gave bo randolph a chin nod of acknowledgment but held on to the carry - on bag that looked like someone had puked flowers all over it .
i slid a dollop of butter in the shape of a flower onto my bread plate and swallowed a sigh .
inside my body , it felt like there was an awakening , and every fiber of my being reached toward him , upward and outward as if i were a flower on the first day of a spring rain .
i 'd have to bring a big arrangement of flowers or something next time so that dorothy and her mom would let me back into the store .
ellie and i had splurged on pizza and milkshakes to compensate for the hearts and flowers that seemed to pervade every retail establishment , left over from last week 's valentine 's day .
to adolphus 's right , there was a little flower garden surrounded by a tiny white picket fence .
giving another quick glance around to make sure no one was looking , i reached down and , easy as picking a flower , plucked a stake from the fence .
but still flowers and notes and tributes appear on the mantel beneath the painting , and lev comes to realize that it is n't just a portrait ... it 's an altar .
being treated like a delicate flower tires for risa quickly .
on the way to the bistro , amadeo stopped by a flower seller and bought a single red rose and presented it to me with a low bow .
` ` a gentle thing , a flower , '' he goes on .
these monks do not wear the novice dragon tattoo that rests on sifu loo li 's forearm , no , they have one on each arm , entwined with vines and flowers .
no , the interiors are smooth and white and dry , and at the entrance of each is a portico with windows , with a small sod roof above and flower gardens all about .
i drew it with flowers all about , and some chickens ... and kids ... in the yard .
besides i think the pink - and - blue flower print looks amazing on me . ''
what were her favorite flowers , her favorite restaurant , band , and movie ?
daisies are my absolute favorite flower .
i walked over to the flowers , leaned down and gave them a good long smell .
` ` it was n't my mom who wanted the flowers in here ellie .
` ` wait ... .. it could n't have been gunner , he 's been with me all day today ari , how could he have bought flowers and put them in here ? ''
` ` how the hell did he know daisies were my favorite flower ?
` ` how ... .. i mean ... ... how did you know ... .the flowers at ari 's house and now this ? ''
` ` did jefferson tell you daisies where my favorite flowers ? ''
i ca n't believe it , they 're her favorite flower !
man how we all use to love swimming in the llano river , watching my grams make her famous apple pies and tend to her flower and vegetable garden .
in flower vases , buckets , laying on a bench and even in a bouquet of daisies in a cowboy boot ... ... .holy hell ... ... .i thought i loved this man before but now my heart felt like it was going to burst open from the love i was feeling .
ellie insisted on cleaning up all the flower petals even though i told her i paid aaron and jenny generously to take care of all of it .
hanging from the tree were about fifty small flower vases that we spent days making out of old bottles and mason jars .
ari 's little cousin lauren was the flower girl and her little brother matthew was the ring barrier .
i smiled down at lauren , the flower girl .
emma handed me the flowers and hugged me .
there were bouquets of them in flower vases with blue bonnets mixed in .
one bouquet was so big ... ... it was sitting in an old bucket with other wild flower bouquets .
he must have spent a fortune on all of these flowers .
shit , who 's going to clean all of these flowers out ?
i opened the door , and the moment we walked in , i smelled flowers .
ellie walked up to the table and leaned down to smell the flowers .
` ` those flowers were supposed to be here by 9 a.m. yeah , you better be on your way . ''
susan wanted fresh , as in same day fresh , flowers for the tables . ''
i could smell the flowers .
jen , the flowers ? ''
` ` yes ... right the flowers . ''
lauren is beyond thrilled that she gets to be yet another flower girl .
the walls were painted a ridiculous lemon yellow , the mass of it broken up with delicate paintings of flowers that had been stencilled to simulate a border along the walls .
the right music , the soft sheets , the flowers by the bed .
but the way it worked out , the music stopped halfway through , the sheets got pushed to the floor , and the flowers ended up falling on the clock .
what did she think , that flowers were bandages that would replace all the years lost ?
her room is pink with painted flowers running up and down the walls .
for instance , if i come along and i is picking a lovely flower , if i is twisting the stem of the flower till it breaks , then the plant is screaming .
for instance , if i come along and i is picking a lovely flower , if i is twisting the stem of the flower till it breaks , then the plant is screaming .
he waited a while longer , and then he said , ' it is the same with trees as it is with flowers .
not more than a hundred yards away , through the tall trees in the garden , across the mown lawns and the tidy flower - beds , the massive shape of the palace itself loomed through the darkness .
not more than a hundred yards away , through the tal trees in the garden , across the mown lawns and the tidy flower - beds , the massive shape of the palace itself loomed through the darkness .
i helped her put the flowers into the vases , and she asked my opinion on where to put the vases in the kitchen .
i ate it with a spoon , chewing the wax like gum , letting the honey flow into my mouth , sweet and sticky with an aftertaste of wild flowers .
i took my book into the back garden , beneath the balcony , by the flower bed under the television - room window , and i read - forgetting my hunger in egypt with animal - headed gods who cut each other up and then restored one another to life again .
i knew also that the biggest challenge would not be falling , a twenty - foot tumble down into the wet flower bed ; it was that the drainpipe i was climbing down went past the television room , downstairs , in which , i had no doubt , ursula monkton and my father would be watching television .
i took an easy step down on to the window ledge , hoping against all hope that neither of them would come back in and see me , then i let myself drop from the ledge into the flower bed .
her fingers opened like flowers in a speeded - up film , and i knew that she was playing with me , and i knew what she wanted me to do , and i hated myself for not standing my ground , but i did what she wanted : i ran .
the flowers were fading in the fields .
too soon , the leaves turned flame colors and blew from the trees , and then there were no more flowers .
instead , he surprised her with a frown that would make even the proudest flower wither .
past mr . and mrs . efere 's house , the old couple that liked to grow flowers during rainy season and hated when ozioma got too close to them .
it was certainly the wrong omnibus - because instead of jolting slowly along dusty streets , it went quickly and smoothly down a green lane , with flowers in the hedges and green trees overhead .
she touched a flower with her finger , and it seemed to crouch and flex itself like a pleased cat .
` ` they used to send flowers to my dressing room .
her mother 's study smelled of flowers .
miss forcible skipped behind her , holding a basket of flowers .
she scattered the flower petals across the stage as she went .
the new miss forcible wore a white dress and had flowers in her long yellow hair .
the girl 's plate was piled high with pretty flowers .
and then , without a word about it being spoken , the game was done , and the four of them went back to the picnic cloth , where the lunch dishes had been cleared away , and there were four bowls waiting for them , three of ice cream , one of honeysuckle flowers piled high .
i had a book all about flowers , and the lilies were my favorites .
moms and dads were hugging their daughters , praising them , handing them flowers , all about the congratulations on a job - well - done thing .
the hilly stretch of land was treed up just right , with a few bushes growing around some of the headstones and flowers of every color thriving in every direction .
one day there would be bushes and flowers around my family 's headstones .
wren 's shoulders drooped as if she were a flower that had been left in a vase without water .
and there was my dad , cute and lanky in a black tux , with a spray - painted - gold flower hooked to his lapel , his arm wrapped around mom 's waist .
somehow she 'd convinced my mother to buy her a flower girl dress - when she was n't a flower girl .
somehow she 'd convinced my mother to buy her a flower girl dress - when she was n't a flower girl .
pastel flowers had been papered on the walls .
despite the gorgeousness of the view - a garden teeming with bright , lush flowers that somehow thrived in the cool october weather - my stomach twisted .
and if he ca n't , he needs to apologize with more than my favorite flowers . ''
` ` he actually brought you flowers ? ''
you want a flower .
i headed to the second floor , bypassing antique chairs and tables , each surrounded by colorful vases and paintings of flowers .
i walked into the manicured grass , stepping over landscaped flowers as i pursued him .
the short , stocky woman with the flower print shirt and socks up to her knees asked as she sat across from me a week later .
` ` i planted some flowers .
` ` thanks , '' i said , holding the flowers limply .
` ` can i stop to pick some flowers ? ''
then she throws the flowers into the stream by the road .
i ask , pointing to the flowers in the water .
forty - five minutes later , i was grinning from ear to ear as i put the last touches on a tiny , detailed bouquet of clay flowers that i had made all by myself .
` ` you and your sister made me a garland of some little flowers for luck . ''
` ` the lady is n't some delicate flower in need of chivalry , but rather the firmness of her husband 's hand , winchester . ''
she held up a flower with crimson petals .
kady let go of jake 's palm and clutched the flower with both hands .
jake 's penlight was shining on a crystal pitcher of flowers on the table .
desert flowers sprouted from pots and planter boxes .
many held flowers .
she made the meals , cleaned up , arranged flowers , tended her kitchen garden and stayed in her tidy world .
thought you were at a flower show . ''
kids converge all hours to lay down flowers and votives , or they purple - spray - paint on the doorstep .
meaning if addison was the brightest , most beautiful flower standing in the drab field of south kingstown high school , first we wanted to stare up at her , and then we wanted to cut her down .
erickson and i did a good samaritan drop - in with candy and flowers , and that actually felt worse , because danielle was still feeling bad that she 'd party - crashed .
i 'll bring quinn some flowers .
is there such a flower ?
one woodcut flower blooms below the elegant letters that spell out the tavern 's name .
not a black eye , but a flower .
` ` jennie , i need one word with you about that medium , '' he remarks as we enter the heart of south side , lively with saturday morning hackneys and omnibuses as well as a few street vendors setting up their fruits and flowers .
and when she finally smiled at me , it was quick as a flower tossed into an audience , and it disappeared just as fast .
picking out all the ruffles and flowers of my clothes closet .
she 's super picky about flowers . ''
` ` and i was in my rebel smoking phase , and i had to hide my parliaments in somebody 's flower box when aunt eleanor saw me puffing away from down the road .
this would be our party , with rachel bopping next to us , and mrs . wilde using the very same catering company and ordering up the same polleny flower arrangements .
my allergies ca n't take too much more of these flowers , anyway . ''
we each yanked up a few kleenex - the flower arrangements were killing us - to get control of our weeping noses , laughing grimly about our shared allergy issues , before lying stomach - down and side by side on the bed , where we pored over the lafayette senior yearbook .
mom 's were moss - green flowers on a butter - yellow background , and dad 's were butter - yellow with moss piping .
the desert cactus flower of the lie .
underneath the facial paint , beneath the expensive silks , she was not the dainty flower they imagined .
` ` i hear they like flowers . ''
an old woman with a curly gray hairdo and checkered pants roamed her yard watering weed - choked flowers with a hose .
it did n't look too odd sitting there ; i mean , people sometimes leave weird things at graves , not just flowers .
quirky items cluttered the yard : a sculpture made of bicycle wheels , an inflatable elvis , an aluminum totem pole , a miniature windmill with rotating sails , a giant ceramic boot with flowers sprouting out the top , along with other more conventional eccentricities like wind chimes , bird feeders , lawn gnomes , and pink flamingos .
the windowless room beyond was cluttered with books , cardboard boxes , stacked chairs and desks , framed pictures , wheeled carts , a pair of overhead projectors , a film projector , a phony - looking suit of armor , and metal shelves stocked with fake flowers and other diverse knickknacks .
lucinda sported a wide - brimmed hat with an elegant shape and a silk flower on it .
sailing in a lifeboat , putting flowers in her hair . ''
sparkling footpaths wound all about the courtyard , past blooming flower beds , clipped grass , colorful shrubs , and leafy creepers ascending trellised walls .
it was an impressive piece of workmanship , but the embossed images were all vines and flowers .
` ` the stuff from the flowers ?
no holding hands and dancing around the maypole with flowers in their hair .
` ` eat it , '' she said , shaking the freezing meat at abraxos , who was now lying on his belly in the meadow , huffing at the first grasses and flowers to poke through the melting ice .
` ` you ca n't really like flowers . ''
` ` you never even smelled a flower until yesterday .
` ` she sold flowers in the market in doranelle .
i imagined myself floating in the dark water like ophelia , only i would n't leave a pale and lovely corpse with flowers tangled in my hair .
i growled the words , low , hoping nobody would notice the crazy girl talking to the flowers .
in comparison , she was a tropical flower whereas nicole had become a sepia photo .
someone put a flower in my hand and i pitched it into the grave .
leave some flowers for her . ''
` ` she hated cut flowers , '' i muttered .
the new building was red brick , sharp and featureless , with uniform lines and no window boxes full of autumn flowers .
my dad even let me paint my favorite flowers on the walls and i get to keep all my toys down here , too .
he watched his hand float toward the weapon ; saw his fingers - small , so distant - wrap themselves around the shotgun 's walnut stock , then creep over the ridges and swirls of those intricate curlicues of carved flowers and vines as a blind boy reads braille .
what bothered peter most was he could muster only a small flower of outrage .
alex leapt ; felt herself and the monster falling and then crashing into the roaring red tide of the go - go - go - go , swamping davey , swamping the changed , as the monster - all yellow eyes and needle - teeth and scaled arms - exploded from its deep dark well and unfurled in a sudden bloody flower to seep into davey , into the altered changed , and all the others , even into peter : gogogogogogogo- ` ` n - no , finn , '' alex said , working to get the words out , and through it , tom heard the deep venom in her voice , almost a growl .
despite the day 's warmth , her skin prickles with gooseflesh as she picks out the porch railing , a bay window on the left , a door with a wrought - iron knocker and pebbled sidelights , the glider on chains , hanging flower baskets spilling over with geraniums that she 'd lay money on are red .
framed pictures of flowers , done in intricate needlework , hang on the walls .
deep in the heart of this bizarre flower , two sets of long , pointed fangs clashed , working from side to side like a spider 's mandibles , grating together with a coarse rasp , like the grind of metal files .
` ` emma , '' he said , a flower of dread growing in his chest .
she felt that sudden flower of hope wilt .
` ` does n't send you flowers , '' i said , feeling unbelievably guilty .
we had just launched ` ` wildwood flower '' when he said , ` ` phone 's ringing .
she 'd carved flower - shaped tomatoes , roasted a turkey , shaved a cow 's butt .
she 'd never be convinced by flowers .
isabel backed her huge suv into the driveway ; she did it so neatly and proficiently that i was sure she must have intended to crush the flower bed on the right .
you did n't set a date and buy flowers .
mysterious flowers like exotic birds revealed themselves only slowly , only on a second look .
on it was an old glass coca - cola bottle that had a pencil and one of those pens that looked like a flower stuck in it .
isabel stepped over a branch to stand beside me and looked down at the patch of brave little flowers .
more flower bulbs , their shoots bright green and rubbery - looking , poked up around the statue 's base and the benches , and i saw a few more crocuses in the patchy snow beyond .
if i breathed too hard it would knock some decorative bowl off the wall or cause the perfectly arranged dried flowers to weep petals .
sam lay back on the couch , just a little , and pulled me into the circle his body made , and kissed me and kissed me , so careful , like my lips were a flower and if he touched them too roughly , they might bruise .
` ` you do n't think of me as a delicate flower in comparison to you ? ''
' again and again , however , we know the language of love , and the little churchyard with its lamenting names and the staggeringly secret abyss in which others find their end : again and again the two of us go out under the ancient trees , make our bed again and again between the flowers , face to face with the skies . '
last year a water horse trailing flowers and bells tore a man 's arm half from his body .
it is only me and a herd of small , cloth - covered tables , each bearing a purple thistle flower in a vase .
he stepped onto the line immediately , his face turning to gaze along its length as naturally as a flower looking into the sun .
she thought of a spring flower .
` ` every yard can use some flowers , '' blue replied .
at least they were finally doing the truly pleasant part - the planting of the flowers , making it look done .
his hand moved again , crushing more dirt over the flowers .
someone had tried to improve it by planting a cheery row of flowers in front .
it was a bunch of flowers .
the entire room had that smell of very old houses - plaster must and timber dust and forgotten flowers .
between the flowers and broken vines and fallen leaves was a gleaming white object .
but the mask came away as easily as a petal from a flower .
ronan had never given much thought to the flowers , but when he did , he 'd always assumed they were fake , as the vase they were displayed in had never contained water .
this was the sort of thing that gansey could n't resist , and so adam and ronan moved farther down the hall toward the dining room while gansey lingered over the flowers .
there was something humble and awed in the way he stood , something grateful and wistful in his face as he gazed at the flower .
he imposed order and honor , and under that crusheddown grass of principle , the flower of poetry and civility had burst through .
then they were in the kitchen , with all its mugs and halfpackaged tea and boxes of essential oils waiting to be mailed and decapitated flowers waiting to be boiled .
` ` i 'll send flowers . ''
as he did , the wicked flowers on his back shifted and hid behind his sharp shoulder blades .
both calla and blue tilted their heads to read the magnetic sign on the passenger door : flowers by andi !
the driver rummaged in the backseat of her car for a full two minutes before heading up the walk with the world 's smallest flower arrangement .
calla commented , ` ` the delivery must ' ve cost more than the flowers . ''
these little flowers were quiet and sparse , just like him .
what she wanted to do was hug the flowers and then dance , but both seemed insensible .
with a noncommittal grunt , calla wrenched open the door , leaving blue and her flowers on the step .
chapter 20 at the same time that his flowers were being delivered to 300 fox way , adam arrived at monmouth manufacturing on his somewhat pathetic bicycle .
you date that girl , you should send her your nuts instead of flowers . ''
she felt like when she 'd first read his card with the flowers .
on the wall opposite the bed , blue had pasted canvas trees decorated with collaged and found - paper leaves , and she 'd glued dried flowers over the entirety of her closet door .
meilin ended up with the porcelain bottom and rollan ended up with the dry flowers inside it .
rubbing his beard , he surveyed the wreckage : shattered glass , broken broomsticks , dried flower petals .
when rollan thought of gardens , he thought of little patches of grass with flowers .
somewhere was the wall that kept rumfuss contained - but rollan certainly could n't see it among the thick trees , climbing vines , and flower beds so ruffled and colorful they looked like ladies ' dresses cascading from their boxes .
a sick , uncertain melody sang in my ears , and in front of me sullivan fell to the floor , then pushed himself onto his hands and knees , vomiting flowers and blood .
` ` quiet as flowers , '' i said sarcastically .
i stood up , spun , trying to find where the smell of flowers was coming from .
i was reminded once again , vividly , of the image of him falling to his knees , throwing up blood and flowers .
the whole place smelled of flowers and mint , though i could n't see evidence of either .
her skin was warm against my palms , sticky with the heat , smelling of flowers and shampoo .
all around me , i smelled clover and thyme and flowers .
and she was dead , flowers spread out all around her from her death throes .
and unlike our room , which smelled sort of like doritos and unwashed laundry and shoes , sullivan 's smelled like cinnamon from a candle on his nightstand ( very martha stewart ) and like flowers .
used to be , when i changed , that there were flowers and green summer leaves .
the folding chairs had been knocked into disarray , and there were piles of flowers along one of the walls .
he fell to his hands and knees and threw up , flowers and blood .
or her face was falling into flowers .
the wind lifted the leaves of the trees ; it was scented with mown grass , flowers , and thyme .
` ` i thought they were little friendly things that liked flowers . ''
` ` they do like flowers .
then an idea occurred to me , and i pulled a single yellow rosebud from one of the flower arrangements on the steps to the altar .
i shoved aside the fake flower arrangement that was one thousand times too large for the room and promptly puked .
herbs and gangly flowers intruded into our way , along with their insect retinues , and i laughed when james swung wildly at a bee that came too close .
i crossed my arms and turned my face into the slight breeze ; the night smelled wonderful , all cut grass and faraway flowers .
eleanor pouted gently , so beautiful that angels wept and flowers shriveled .
three faeries , the size of toddlers , sat at my feet watching me , na**d except for flower chains that hung on their shoulders like swordless scabbards .
` ` let me have some flowers . ''
ignoring the pang in my stomach from thinking of his name , i stood up and straightened the flowers around my neck .
he fell back , but before he hit the floor , it was only a cascade of flowers that spilled across the stage , making no more sound than a whisper .
the queen looked at the pile of flowers that was freckle freak and then looked at eleanor .
as she spoke , i saw the evening unfolding in her eyes , the summer folding flowers along her skin , ever blooming but not consuming her as they had aodhan .
i had been out here , idly trying to find the perfect bouquet of fresh flowers for my bedroom for over an hour now .
i spun , dropping my basket of flowers .
he stopped only to pick up my flowers and replace them into the basket , handing it to me .
her horse , flower , tossed her head as guinevere stroked her nose .
and at their tail - end , i found my mother , riding flower and concealed by a dark cloak with a hood .
i quickly visualized myself on flower 's back in similar attire and i was immediately there , grasping guinevere 's slender waist and whispering into her ear .
guinevere nudged flower into a gallop and we made quick time back the winding road to the castle gates .
we slid to the ground and led flower back to the stables , handing her reigns to a stern reagan , before making our way back to our bedchambers .
withered flower beds lined the front of the house , although the home itself was immaculately kept .
` ` do you like flowers and sea sprites ? ''
the flower dotted fields were so vast that we seemed to walk forever .
exotic flowers grew around the stone tiles of the courtyard and i inhaled them .
` ` i brought you flowers from the gardens , '' he said quietly .
i was standing in knee - high purple flowers .
a child 's laughter distracted me and i turned , the sweet scent of the flowers assailing my senses .
` ` hurry , '' she murmured as she pressed a dark purple flower into my hand .
as he did , i realized that i was holding a purple flower blossom .
i tightened my grip on the flower before turning my gaze to hecate .
i opened my hand , the purple flower shriveled on my palm .
` ` with a dead flower ? ''
tell me of this flower . ''
` ` yes , tell us of this flower , '' aphrodite interjected as she and ares approached us from the shadows .
i showed them the flower .
a random thought occurred to me and i turned to hecate , dropping the flower onto the cobblestone street .
i reached out a shaking hand and took the flower .
this second growth lowered down until it was directly above the empty mattress , then its end split open , pieces of material curling out and away like the petals of a flower .
the final stage was empty but for a plain backdrop , a small table with flowers on it , and an easel - propped sign that read : the world - famous folding man .
we walked through the woods , where the path was as wide and clear as any trail in a national park , then emerged onto a broad expanse of lawn blooming with flowers and striped with neat gardens .
it was like one of those fast - motion videos of plants blooming , except she seemed to be reeling the flowers up from their loamy bed by invisible strings .
he stood with his mouth open , letting bees fly out to pollinate the flowers that fiona had grown , like a weird mating ritual .
it was like any other bedroom in the house - there was a dresser , a wardrobe , a vase of flowers on a nightstand .
a random sampling revealed them to be long and sappy , full of declarations of his love and awkward descriptions of emma 's beauty in my grandfather 's then - broken english ( ` ` you are pretty like flower , have good smell also , may i pick ? ` ` ) .
each of us chose a trough and dug into it like a dog excavating a prized bed of flowers , our cupped hands scooping mounds of ice onto the floor .
once the children had said goodbye to their house , some taking chips of brick or flowers from the garden as forget - me - nots , we made one last trip across the island : through the smoking charred woods and the flat bog dug with bomb holes , over the ridge and down through the little town hung with peat smoke , where the townspeople lingered on porches and in doorways , so tired and numb with shock that they hardly seemed to notice the small parade of peculiar - looking children passing them by .
the flowers had whispered it to her .
` ` there you are , m'lady , pretty as a flower !
she was beautiful even beyond the usual measure of faerie beauty and as poised as a flower .
herbs sort of sing , and flowers gossip like biddies . ''
the faerie healer orchidspike , out foraging in the deeps for night - blooming flowers , stopped suddenly and straightened up .
pulling her shawl tight around her , she picked up her basket of flowers and hurried home .
` ` sometimes , '' poppy said with a bashful glance at magpie , ` ` i just sort of ... feel what to do , like the magic 's already there , all around , and i just have to sort of let my mind open - like a flower - and then ...
the faerie was a lass , kneeling in her garden murmuring to the flowers .
many voices joined hers , earthy voices and wispy , rough as bark and soft as moss , and their screams radiated into dreamdark as more flowers joined in , and more trees .
` ` those flowers ... '' it was the fragrance she had already come to associate with the moonlit gardens .
she had tethered it hastily to other threads , those for the crocus flower and the cinnamon tree , and all were bound tight to the massive warp thread for fire .
she had to fling herself aside and roll to a crouch as the flowers sizzled and blackened where she had been .
there simply was n't a flower in the forest she had n't smelled .
at the bottom of the steps leading up to the porch was a flower bed filled with leafless shrubs and a small figure standing guard , just to my left .
i was lying in a bed inside a room with whitewashed walls and a wooden floor , and beside me on a little table was a vase full of flowers .
as soon as the nids reached its shore , the flowers began to move , skating toward them , leaving behind a gentle wake of dark ripples .
she managed to grab hold of one of the flower petals and right herself .
around her , the water was alive with floating flowers , sliding rapidly toward the opposite shore as though moving on invisible tracks .
the nid withdrew the bristles several inches from her nose , and liza climbed , with some difficulty , out of the flower and maneuvered down to the ground with as much dignity as she could muster .
mirabella , looking somewhat green in the snout , slid down from her own flower and bumped onto the soggy ground next to her .
we were the first family of hobgoblins to settle this region , back when the lumpen were still young and the nids were no more than nobs in the ground - when flowers had not yet learned to grow , and water and land did not know that they were separate . ''
then images began rising through her , one after another : a flash of sunlight on silvery water ; spinning clouds of reddish dust ; explosions of bright color ; lava hardening into black stone ; a flower unfurling its petals , coated in sparkling dew ; lightning tearing across a purple , cloud - clotted sky ; a child laughing .
in the process she knocked over one of the enormous flowers around the table .
a horrible , piercing whine filled the air , and to liza 's horror , the flower began to writhe and thrash , as though in pain .
at that moment a few things happened in very rapid succession : one of the flowers began lashing its long stem crazily back and forth , whipping liza in the face and sending her tumbling onto her back .
there were three people sitting at the table , feasting on food served from enormous platters : a man , with gray hair and kind - looking eyes ; across from him , laughing , a woman , with the older girl 's long blond hair and a cape of flowers draped over her shoulders ; a boy , probably patrick 's age , with red cheeks , a crown of golden curls , and wide , smiling eyes .
everything else was just brick paths and flowers in pots .
i unlaced my sneakers and walked up the stairs , looking at the flower paintings hung along the wall that her mom had painted in her spare time .
noah in the cut - off shorts and a wrinkled t - shirt with giant hawaiian flower flip - flops .
it smelled like nothing in particular but everything in general : grandmas garden , moms perfume , dads cologne , apple pie , fresh cookies , flowers , the meadow , cinnamon pancakes .
a woman is tipping a large watering can over the window box flowers .
you have another sister , i say tapping the grinning little girl who wears a purple bathing suit with a bright pink flower on the front .
i quickly peruse the iambic pentameters , pluck a random flower , and scribble it in , though i suspect it hardly makes any sense at all .
we come home to bluegrass strumming out of gabes computer speakers as he studies death and finds small flowers of humor in that seemingly barren field .
it is to lay flowers upon his grave and wish him well in whatever comes after this , though i suspect there is nt anything at all .
we glided through into the morning sun , between two high banks of reeds and marsh flowers .
a smartly dressed dutch gentleman , carrying a large bouquet of seasonal flowers , and posing as a visitor gained access to my floor .
exchanging the flowers for a suitable white coat which he found on a hook in the empty staff rest area he strolled into my room .
no derelict buildings or parade grounds - just a very welcoming entrance , and a wide road that led up to a flower covered roundabout .
there will eventually also be a jacuzzi , complete with a waterfall , and patio areas scattered among the boulders , bushes and flowers , that will eventually gracefully rise up from the pool surround , to the marble pathways .
he pointed out all the places of interest ( over the intercom of course ) and gave us ample opportunity to visit some of the sights if we wished , then at twelve thirty sharp we turned into a beautiful tree lined street , where every house was well kept and had masses of brightly coloured flowers outside , either in hanging baskets , or if the owners were lucky , in small gardens .
it was complete apart from the obligatory palm trees , bushes and flowers which would be arriving in a few days .
the smell of flowers , how quaint .
now his glove would smell like flowers .
there were flower pots , with plants in full bloom .
there were flowers , and families , and children playing in the sunlight .
it was sweet to see the young cowboy stare at the girl wide eyed as if she was a precious flower which kind he had never seen before .
she could have a staff , designer greenhouses ( the type that grew food , not served it ) and a large small holding to enable her to grow fresh food and flowers for the house .
at the end it swerved off onto the taxi - track , hardly reducing its speed at all , and then with clouds of smoke billowing from its brake units it came to rest against my lovely flower bed by the main gate .
as we made our way to the gate carlos was full of apologies , and when i asked him why his people had not shot the pilot stone dead when he had landed in my flower bed he explained that her royal highness had been a regular visitor to el campo for many years .
second things second , i then checked my flower bed , but fortunately no plants had been harmed in the arrival of this aircraft , it just had its nose wheel resting lightly against a curb stone , so i calmed down perhaps just a smidging , and stormed off into the security office , patrolpersons shack , guard room or whatever i felt like calling it at the time , and stood fuming outside the loo door .
david was a tad worried that a terrorist would assassinate me , and caroline thought it would be a wonderful idea , the flowers are so pretty in the summer , and then marcus made his first contribution in his new capacity , hoping that it would nt be his last .
three things then happened , one gravity took charge of the aircraft and it belly flopped into the centre of the flower bed , two - whilst descending , the remnants of the engines jet - wash blasted the roses below , up , up , and away , along with the recently applied natural fertilizer , and then three - gravity again took charge and deposited most of the fertilizer back into the open cockpit .
pausing only to look both ways , like a demented windscreen wiper , and to pick up a few rose petals ( his mothers favourite flower ) he was off again , and blow the ramp , he took the steps two at a time , unfortunately there were an odd number of steps and he nearly came a cropper at the top , but there in front of him were two panes of glass , the one on the left enclosed in a door frame , complete with a half wrenched off handle , and now being held open by an untrained person , it must be for someone very important he though , so fearlessly he charged through the other one .
as she came to a halt , it theory ( and practice , after practice ) topsy would then come forward with a set of chocks , place them either side of the nose wheel , and then come and take the pills from her out - stretched hand , but in this practice he had just come off the phone with fred , and he snatched the pills out of her hand , and smiled sweetly at her - then natasha noticed the chocks , in a flower bed , and dingbat started to trundle slowly back down the incline .
the avon finally reached self - sustaining rpm just before she reached the flower bed , and she slammed the throttle forward to its stop , and dingbat at first slowed , and then finally reversed direction a mere metre away from the curb stone that was only fifth removed from sashas ( do nt forget lineage was very important to sasha ) , but unfortunately the avon has slightly more power that its continental cousins , even the turbo charged ones , and every living thing on the roundabout was spread over the front of the security office , leaving just another forlorn bird bath in the centre .
i remembered a verse from a shakespeare sonnet the summer flower is to the summer sweet though to its self it only live and die .
brave and strong was this delicate little flower .
she reminded him of flowers he once saw blooming in the desert : beautiful and alive with colour , but underneath , hidden under the lush green leaves , thorns waited , and when you tried to pluck one , it would sting you when you least expected it .
who cared whether finan of gournay thought her a wilted flower ?
how could she have been thinking about walking through fields of flowers when she might have known eda was unhappy ?
prejudice is a lot like a flower bulb .
prejudice is a lot like lookin at a flower bulb sometimes its hard to know what kind of flower is inside all the layers around it .
prejudice is a lot like lookin at a flower bulb sometimes its hard to know what kind of flower is inside all the layers around it .
i shall remember this place as the home of the fairest flower of the land .
they were not rich but they made a decent living , fishing mostly but also processing coastal herbs and flowers for trade .
but , you did not want to close your eyes completely or you might miss the incredible corn flower blue sky on this chamber of commerce brochure - type day .
it was summer , and the early spring flowers had faded .
bees hummed as they worked gathering their sustenance from the flowers in the garden .
feraun carried fresh cut flowers , whose fragrance filled the room .
she placed the flowers on the wooden table , picked up a shears and began trimming the stems of the flowers as she placed them in a vase .
she placed the flowers on the wooden table , picked up a shears and began trimming the stems of the flowers as she placed them in a vase .
she watched as feraun filled the vase with flowers , and then poured water from a pitcher into the vase .
marial sat down beside bearl , her dark hair , bedecked with late summer flowers , flowing over her shoulders .
the growth of the trees and grass and flowers had been nothing short of miraculous .
i just ran home from practice am i supposed to smell like flowers ?
you re supposed to take a shower , unless you roll in a bed of flowers i was going to shower when i got here .
octavian , clad in a long , pure white robe with a golden rope belt and flowers in his hair , came up the street with his entourage in tow .
octavian must have given fifty coins to beggars and children , plus he handed out flowers to all the little girls and he stopped twice to buy clothes or food for orphaned kids .
he had bought the flowers in the street corner .
she was wrapped in her flowers gown and was looking at her courtyard gate- as her son and his grown up friend enterd it .
i seem just to believe in a sublime force , which is not simply mere nature though maybe i would have liked to feel as a free bee , flying - rolling around from flower to flower , like you will be one day or if i could be like brett , the antagonist in hemigways book , that i ve recently read .
oh , i know that you love astronomy , she said , when you were enthusiastic about our singing in america , i remebber that you said to both tamy and myself : for wonderful singers like you- i should pick up some stars and put them on your cushions , instead of flowers that you get from a simple fan .
a month ago my sister had told me , that humik said he would pick up stars from the sky and put them on her cushion , like they had been flowers .
before dicky met them , joshua flowers and elena howe had been employed as post - doctoral researchers by reiklein and grammai , a team of cold spring harbor primaries .
they argued that the meta - mutant techniques and procedures leading to flight should be theirs because joshua flowers and elena howe had derived the fledging process from the original research .
damall , noby flowers , flesh of intelligent flesh , you are a slow one .
he was surrounded by flowers and friends .
she smiled , her cheeks rosy red , as he sat a vase of wild flowers on her bedside table .
such beautiful flowers , she exclaimed .
tommy wondered if she meant the flowers or the handsome young men .
she smelled like flowers .
eventually , the flower children , such as allison , drifted away to other places .
people were placing flowers in the chain link fence and talking to the cops .
then lets stop at that market we passed by on the way here and pick up some flowers to attest to our sincerity .
with flowers on board , sam brought the bus to a halt at the entrance to the graveyard where the officers reported that deputy johnson was interred .
asking allison to wait at the bus in case someone came along and inquired into the purpose of their late night visit , the three males in the group headed out into the cemetery carrying nothing but a pot of flowers and a flashlight allison kept in the glove box of the bus .
i swear , we were only going to put the flowers on the mans grave , and that s what we did .
gather ye rosebuds while ye may , old time is still a - flying : and this same flower that smiles to - day , to - morrow will be dying .
maybe not as much fun as chasing frieda and eating her flowers , but fun nonetheless .
did he pee in your flower bed ?
then i remembered flowers and made a note to myself to order some first thing in the morning .
i kept an image in my head of a little house with a white picket - fence and molly sue pregnant and in her bare foot , watering the flowers along the front walkway .
he sat next to amber grinning as he surrendered the flower .
he took hold of her hand as if he picked up a delicate flower made of glass .
he swiped up a flower and placed it inside his coat .
he produced a long stem flower hidden in his coat , placing it on the bed at ambers fingertips .
its the biggest flower i ve ever seen .
its nice of you to give me the flower .
such a lovely flower should belong to someone .
women ca nt resist the man who gives them a flower .
the stem of the flower stuck firmly in his hand .
i came through the window after finding the flower in a florist not far from here .
before i came rushing back i did pay for the flower , in case you were wondering .
the main gates had a pattern of flowers welded in the middle which were securely locked .
on the beach below , roman candles burst , fire flowers bloomed , bottle rockets flared , and cherry bombs exploded in a fusillade of orange sparks and raging fire that would have left francis scott key lost for words .
other times , he had chris gently flutter the brush above the canvas , and what ended up on the canvas looked like what might have been petals on a blue flower .
when he stepped out into the cool mist of morning , he smiled and closed his eyes and began to breathe deeply , to take in the morning air , the smell of earth and flowers and the recently mowed grass of the green .
it was obvious he did n't think amanda could give much opposition ; he probably thought he 'd pop out and she 'd be hiding stupidly behind a painted flower pot .
she was the kind of mad that saw her painting smiley faces and happy little flowers on the side of her rolls - royce in liquid chalk , just to brighten the days of others .
it held several gold arm bands such as tarvik wore , and a pile of wilting flowers .
those flowers and kisses had n't meant a thing , not that there had been many .
nance circled slowly downward , the glider shining in the sunlight like a giant flower petal floating on a breeze , until she reached the earth .
music and flowers strewn before my horse .
i honestly do nt know what your favorite flowers are , and because the other night you liked them so much he said , with a big smile on his face .
mom wo nt be happy if he eats her flowers .
zafira and rica walked over and found her tending her flowers .
when they stepped outside she took a deep breath and looked at the trees and flowers lining the street .
the thief picked up a silver bowl with flowers in it and dumped the flowers on to the floor .
the thief picked up a silver bowl with flowers in it and dumped the flowers on to the floor .
a flower in a serpent den he was , and the beauty of his took hold of my heart .
although she would not entirely describe it as a flower .
the flowers gently opened and closed their petals , as if drinking in the night .
no one dared go near the flowers to get a closer look at their beauty ; they all remembered the plant that had tried to eat the woman earlier .
they slowed to a stop as the pangerra flowers began to open .
the luminous landscape of the pangerra flowers filled her vision .
before , she had been able to see the flowers as they glowed , blinking slightly .
as they ran through the pangerra flowers , they were sprayed with vibrant colors , the pollen sticking to their bodies .
the pangerra flowers had made canvases of all of them .
they seemed like the huge mass of one being , their arms and legs moving in unison , like the flowing of flowers in a field of rock .
anyone who had seen his sleeping might have said he was a young boy dreaming of the crown of flowers he was to wear on his brow at the next festival .
or she could catch the old lady doing her garden ; trimming the lawn or planting new flowers or watering or just sitting there .
` ` i love the smell of grass and flowers especially in the evenings .
the spare key was where it used to be , under the black flower pot by the side walk .
the next item that caught her eyes was a white italian flower vase at the top of the drawer .
her room looked like a flower shop on a christmas morning .
she sighed joe did n't answer ; he closed the door , came back and took some flower bouquets off the bed .
` ` the key is under the black flower pot . ''
i deserve to be at the funeral to at least throw a flower before he 's buried forever .
mary tanner 1985 - 2004 a good wife and a sweet mother there was a rose flower placed on the concrete platter .
she remembered the moment when people began dropping flowers on the casket after it sat in the ditch .
kim wondered what would be engraved on her own tombstone when she dies : kimberly otis 1987 - 2006 a loner and the killer of jason curtis she dropped the flower and backed off from the grave .
she reached inside her coat , brought out a red rose flower and placed it on the grave .
the flowers were not what drew my attention however , for hovering in the air next to one of the flowers was a small bird .
the flowers were not what drew my attention however , for hovering in the air next to one of the flowers was a small bird .
i noticed briefly that she smelled faintly like some sort of flower , although one i could not name .
neil picked his way past various urns and pots of well - tended flowers and bushes .
near the window stood a chest of drawers with a china bowl and jug ; as well , cheerful postcards of flowers and ferns were propped on the mantelpiece over the fireplace between the two windows .
picked flowers for her , too .
flowers rioted over an arch set into the wall , obviously planted and trained to grow in ordered confusion in the garden .
they crept between the dripping flowers and vines that grew in ordered confusion in the kitchen garden , towards the small tin shed .
let me just put down these flowers , and we can take a look at you .
she walked to the door , carrying the discarded vase of flowers .
the driveway up to the clubhouse was lined with garry oaks , the flower beds full of azaleas and rhododendrons .
she was standing on the dock turning around and around taking in the views , the provincial parliament buildings on one side , the majestic empress hotel behind them , the flower beds a riot of color .
terry had already done the spring cleanup in the flower beds close to the house but it was still a little early to be planting the annuals .
potted plants and flowers of various hues dotted the room , but what i 'd taken for a conservatory was actually the infirmary .
an empty casket was buried beneath heaps of black prince flowers , their petals flaking downwards , occasionally drifting to the silent marble floor below .
the outside was coated in green moss and smelled oddly of flowers , mainly jasmine permeated it all .
hints of pleasant flowers was littered on the ground and it calmed the group for the decaying swamp was overpowered by the fragrant flowers .
hints of pleasant flowers was littered on the ground and it calmed the group for the decaying swamp was overpowered by the fragrant flowers .
there was a trampled flower off by a stump .
a young lady selling beautiful flowers was easy enough to get information from .
she had a pair of scissors for an item and she was using it to trim the stems of her flowers .
behind the flowers wound a path that led to even more flowers .
apparently the queen loved flowers and it did make the palace more pleasant to look upon .
there is a large patch of unused grass on the side of this castle that my flowers do nt seem to like .
but as my to cesar would say , assholes never shit flowers .
once in a while , when he d get real mad , he d start to talking his old country talk , sounding likelike a man clearing his throat with flowers .
people had been laying flowers at the foot of the statue since before saida had even been born ; they were leaving thanks .
oh , yes flairs , i see clem , the captain replied , smiling as he thought of penelopes flowers .
well , anyways , i had the architect mount that plaque on a marble pedestal that sits in a flower garden in my front yard .
piles of steep - roofed houses perched along the ridge , with cheery flower boxes blossoming under every shuttered window .
the thin snow must have melted , leaving the last of the fall flowers visible in the grass .
i ' m not some fainting flower !
she continued , twirling the blue flower in her fingers while she approached cade again .
` ` and then to be sure your little minions would run to this wench first when she fell , '' she shook the flower at him , ` ` i had to remove two other casters from the area !
she reminded him coyly , tapping him on the nose with the flower .
she giggled and brushed the flower along his lips .
cade pushed himself up to sit on his heels , vision quivering and sparkling painfully as he watched her moving to get another flower , pink , this time .
she wandered through the flowers , trailing her fingers along the petals .
she chuckled and waved her flower at elaina .
zalie sounded confident even as a fireball landed squarely in zalies mid - section sending him cart wheeling into the flower beds .
they were greeted everywhere by the towns population with smiles , flowers and expressions of respect .
almost all outsiders do not understand our family politics and have as much chance of fathoming us , as a deep - water fish could understand a mountain flower .
even when flowers drooped over the edge she would know the imperfection was there and that was just wrong .
the note said gone to the home depot to pick up some mulch and flowers for the planter .
it was hanging outside of an herb shop amid various other dried plants and flowers .
her hands reached up to the flowers in her lustrous hair .
her eyes were as blue as the woodland flowers entwined in her long golden hair and the gracefulness of her walk stopped brynns heart .
she brought flowers , which touched him deeply .
suddenly , she can picture her face again , smiling down at her in the courtyard full of flowers .
her favorite and the one he despised most dearly was a 120 - minute single - track dvd consisting of nothing but a sunlit field of flowers waving gently in a summer breeze , accompanied by soothing muzak and hushed affirmations .
the woman took her arm and pulled her into an alleyway between two houses , then through a gate into a small , slightly overgrown courtyard , full of flowers .
a glance outside told her that she had n't missed the whole of summer there were still flowers in bloom in the courtyard .
aside from the five chairs , there was a small stove with a kettle hanging over it , and a low table which had a bowl of fruit and a small vase of flowers , a strange touch of frivolity in this otherwise - functional environment .
other than at a flower shop , she had never seen so many bouquets .
it appeared as if nature had just performed one of its miracles when in reality phillips gardeners had planted the flowers to the exact specifications of a landscape architect .
he spent his time there growing flowers and tending to his garden .
at first it was small talk about the weather or his flowers .
i often take flowers down to the senior center to spruce the place up a little .
they were comfortable and smelt of flowers .
a corner of the garden housed a collection of flower urns made from marble .
reika is japanese for lovely flower , anwar was my lovely flower , said sakura tearing up again .
reika is japanese for lovely flower , anwar was my lovely flower , said sakura tearing up again .
next to his stall a woman was selling flowers .
the pink flowers for sale , still in plant pots , provided a beautiful contrast to the stark stone buildings .
beth cast her eyes down the building , more windows separated by figures of women holding flowers and other objects .
as she scooped the ice cream from the tub she noticed the flowers , white roses of course .
her name was iris ; a flower she often mentioned was not her favorite .
she really did not like this flower .
running through the fields of grass as the wind blew the hardy flowers .
she would have small flowers in her hair and her veil would be lifted back revealing her happy face .
the flowers intense fragrance scented the room .
taking a seat on the cold step , i looked out at my beautiful garden , savouring the pretty plants , flowers , and floppy fruit tree .
i used the little girls room and when i got back there were flowers on my table with a note -- his note .
to help deal with the psychological guilt of killing innocent people , the soldiers made a rule that they d plant a flower for every grownup who was killed and a tree for every child .
within three months , over 270,000 flowers were planted and over 150,000 trees .
when i find his cockroach little body slithering around the ground i m going to personally make sure to squish him dead , twice if i had to -- and i m not leaving any flower .
i felt water drops on my legs as i kicked up countless amounts of flowers of every color shape and size .
he smelled nice , like a lotus flower .
we were all three on a small landing just outside the window , probably the kind of thing that was meant for a large flower box .
where the crooked branches struck off from the main structure today , originally a wide porch had circled the house , framed by tall maple trees and deep flower beds filled with what i could only imagine to be bright flowers .
mumad , ignoring raymees sarcasm , says , i overheard that merchant , danglars , tell uncle that he has travelled the world over , and has never seen eyes the color of violets like wet flowers .
you do nt build a big cabin and plant flowers that need water without there being water around .
as hattie began to talk , waving her hands and nearly knocking over the vase of flowers on the table , claire sipped at the coffee recently deposited in front of her and scribbled notes on a napkin .
even the parts he did n't want to remember , like looking over the box and seeing his grandmother wearing much more make up than she ever had , sleeping while clutching a bouquet of daisies , her favorite flower .
oh , not that i do nt love daisies ... that was my grandmas favorite flower .
hanna stepped in wearing her mothers wedding dress and holding a bouquet of flowers .
his favorite table at miss mollys inn overlooks an enormous hedge and flower garden .
asked ricky as he swatted every flower and bush he could find .
the two were born and grew up on this island , named ieloharis , like a forget land , which shelter mythologies and legends , and also colonies of flowers and this was one of the main business of the ieloharian people .
i saw my aunts house in moonlight a blue flower i can not remember well .
well i have flower made whiskey if you want , specific for this island .
do nt go the flower no , forget me not !
on her head , angell was wearing a crown made of every single specimen of flower from the island , putted on her beautiful long and curly brown light hair , which was flowing on her empty shoulders .
its a very important thing for everyone , and if you will destroy it i swear on the all islands flowers that you will pay for it !
she was on a paved road , pretty big , full of flowers petals from the island .
is nt his dad owns that bakery , happy flower ?
she was very excited , and the proof was on the blue flowers she holds , which they were shaking in her hands .
the population was nt animals , or humans , or mythical creatures , but plants ; most precisely , flowers .
but not every kind of flower from the island ( which held all the species expect one ) , seemed like the minus from the flower rank were truly existed , but in secret , living in that cave .
but not every kind of flower from the island ( which held all the species expect one ) , seemed like the minus from the flower rank were truly existed , but in secret , living in that cave .
over one thousand forget - me - not flowers were covering the chambers floor , like it was a translucent blue carpet , waved like by a cold breeze , as like the fields of wheat .
but even the flower from the rock , having the size of a human baby , had life , and how she was seating there quietly , suddenly she turns her petals towards angell , making the girl thrilling .
the other flowers stopped whispering , and like the huge flower , they drive their attention towards angell , changing a little bit the rug .
was the flower from the rock , which had her petals fixed on her .
the flower commanded .
angell blinked for couple of times , but then she lower on some rocky stairs , stepping on the freshly made path by the little blue flowers , which they were feared to be stepped on .
angell was looking straight ahead , and felt it like she was in a flower blue sea , approaching the rock from the middle , like an island .
then she realized that the flowers petals were like her palms .
angell frown her eyebrows , watching again the flower .
and any human who will take us from here , will have the supreme nightmare that is why you have to make tea out of us , harvesting flowers when the moon will raise up , do not pick flowers on day light , otherwise the effect will be no longer useful for your protection .
and any human who will take us from here , will have the supreme nightmare that is why you have to make tea out of us , harvesting flowers when the moon will raise up , do not pick flowers on day light , otherwise the effect will be no longer useful for your protection .
the flower asked her .
she climbed the rock , hardly , grabbing the flowers thick roots , and then she grabbed with both hands the flowers stem and pulled .
she climbed the rock , hardly , grabbing the flowers thick roots , and then she grabbed with both hands the flowers stem and pulled .
but no one known that the veriss girl planted in the back of her house , after some bushes and trees , the cursed flower of the island , forget - me - not , which after the first watering , the flower grew under her eyes in less than a minute .
but no one known that the veriss girl planted in the back of her house , after some bushes and trees , the cursed flower of the island , forget - me - not , which after the first watering , the flower grew under her eyes in less than a minute .
the queen flower , how angell called the big one , was around the trunk tree , and on the tree , at his roots , grown 200 forget - me - not flowers .
the flowers stopped moving , but instead angell could communicate with them telepathic .
no one found out about the flowers , and probably no one will , because angell knew how to hide them for good .
the flowers tea was sore at tasting , and because of that angell consumed all the sugar from the house , making amira wondering if her daughter wanted to kill the pain in sweet .
chapter vi pajamas girls night ( back to top ) angell also could easily find from the flowers , what others were doing on the island , like the flower was a spy transistor .
in a gloomy wednesday morning , angell woke up at 5 am to go into the sea , taking salty water in a green sprinkler , special for the forget - me - not flower .
hello flower .
the flower answered , even if angell could only hear her mentally .
she kneels down right next to the flowers , thinking at marvell , meditating at the boy with sparkle blue eyes .
she closed her eyes , like she just swallow something bad , and reopened them looking at the blue flowers .
angell turned frowned to the flower .
she said whispering , and the puppy watched her how she managed to slip like a spy in the bushes to the forget - me - not flowers .
the flower did nt answered fast , angell was frowning her eyebrows , but then she heard the flowers thoughts .
the flower did nt answered fast , angell was frowning her eyebrows , but then she heard the flowers thoughts .
angell smiled to the flower , looking like an idiot because she did nt know where the eyes were located , and went back to the bathroom , climbing the window .
as the where heading to sunshine with the car , the landscape started to grow in forests , meadows which could steal your eyes , a lot of flower greenhouses and of course that the pya mountains did nt left them , being the rocky mountains and sparsely wooded , which was stretching on all the east side of the island .
she was nt that sure , thinking that she was talking to a magical flower back home .
in a wednesday morning , when the girl with emerald eyes was watering the blue flowers , the queen addressed to the girl .
in this night , at three in the morning , you have to lit 14 candles , and putt them around me , and then you have to step barefoot on the flowers .
angell made eyes wide at the flowers affirmation , and jumped literally in the air being happy , throwing the sprinkler in a part .
if she would nt find the flower of forget - me - not , probably none of this would happen .
in the moment when she made the pact with the flower she was wishing so bad to not exist any longer on earth , but things have changes since then and of course that wish was invalid now .
of course that she did nt forget about the kristall picture , and therefore she ran in her little garden from the backyard , where the blue flowers were waiting .
the queen flower said .
angell started to stick the candles into the earth , kindling them , seeing that the flowers around were literately glowing , like the fireflies , spreading ghostly and blue lights around .
she was nt amazed about that flower aspect , maybe just because the main flower could speak with her .
she was nt amazed about that flower aspect , maybe just because the main flower could speak with her .
after that angell took a place with the barefoot in the middle of the flowers , turning her face to the moon .
angell closed her eyes , putting the flame picture in a sieve and started to dispel the ash over the flowers .
in the moment when the ash touched the flowers like a black snow , the candles flame became blue and started to extinguish one by one , like someone invisible was blowing them .
as far as she remembers , last time she was in the small garden of flowers , and now she was in her bed dressed in her pajamas .
she lowered to the down floor , then exit in the main courtyard , wanting to go straight to the flowers garden .
in the small pack of blue flowers , something was missing , namely the queen .
lovin thought that she reacted in that way because of the burn , but he did nt know that angell was actually terrified because of the forget - me - not flowers , being cursed , and no one beside the girl , can not touch them , much less to tear them .
was plain as a pikestaff that lovin pulled out the queen flower , and the marked one will going to die .
so after all the flower was very right in what it concerns her , even if she started to have doubts about the so called wish , but at the end the boy from her laptop came outside .
she must not forget that he was his boyfriend , so therefore she had to broke up with him until he will not find out about kristall or worse , the flower , even though she had no clue how will take action in this case , and in the end was nt that simple how it looks to be .
how did mariuss found out about her pact with the flower ?
i am referring to your pretty cute cursed little flower angell !
but she could nt end up there , as for she was drinking that flower tea .
angell remained amazed looking at the flowers bouquets , and not only one or two , were over 10 beautiful bouquets of all the colors and smells , occupying the living room .
amira made a big table in the living room , taking the girls flowers and putting them into her room .
she let herself gone with the thought at kristall , which was in fact her wish , from the pact with the blue flower and she can not just give up on it .
from there she lowered the marble stairs which was leading on the little family park , where the flowers long gone .
right from the little flower park , something grabbed her hand , and angell screamed but her mouth was stopped by a hand .
angell , urged by kristall of course , did nt forget to wet the flowers , and the boy was taking her to the sea , and another strange thing was that the girl did nt feel cold or any temperature at all ; on the contrary she was like wanted to take a bath in the almost frozen sea , felting it so pleasant .
walking thoughtfully through the snow , she did nt paid attention at the way , and on a corner , after a bush and some trees ; she found the forget - me - not flowers , remaining dumbfounded .
you saw your future daughter , she made a pact with the cursed flower of forget - me - not , you saw blood now its the moment to return back home , and to save her until its not too late .
was the cursed flower of the island .
how did the flower end up cursed ?
the legends says that the goddess amara was sent by mother nature to give humans the flowers , as she was nt founding any place where to spread her powers , she detached a piece of earth from the continent and pulled it until the middle of the sea , a piece which no human ca nt touch .
in the first day she took from the ground and pulled up the pya mountains , and then she populated the island with a bunch of flowers .
the next day her sister sunshine came along for help , which pulled the sun to warm the place , special for the flowers , in the third day , sunshine twin sister came , moonlight , which made the sun set for the first time , and on the dark sky she pulled the moon for taming with love the flowers .
the next day her sister sunshine came along for help , which pulled the sun to warm the place , special for the flowers , in the third day , sunshine twin sister came , moonlight , which made the sun set for the first time , and on the dark sky she pulled the moon for taming with love the flowers .
so the island ends up with humans which were taking care of the flowers .
in the next day she called her brothers to witness the flowers creation .
was the most beautiful flower ever made and also the strongest .
if the flowers will rebelling against the humans , to take their souls , then the humans will vanish from the island , and the flowers will gain power .
if the flowers will rebelling against the humans , to take their souls , then the humans will vanish from the island , and the flowers will gain power .
said and done , the flowers were destroying the humans , getting stronger and stronger .
at one point , amara found out the flowers plan and she cursed them .
they would be forgotten by the humans , and remembered only in legends , and who will touch the flower will be murdered and s oldstory called them forget - me - not .
the flowers were hidden from humans eyes but it says that the deal made with that god its still dominating .
angell remained bag at the blue flowers story , asking herself if sooner or later she will have to meet amara .
mom but think in this way that lovin died because of the flowers .
he gave you a forget - me - not flower .
while she was talking about how she found the flower , putting a wish , and so one , the girls were sipping every single word from the girls mouth , articulating sometimes a wow or god , both displaying on their faces a curiously , trustable and pity expression .
her mother gave her as a gift a silver little chain , and lania with serena ( even though she was like a plant with no memory ) gave her an expensive perfume set and a lily of the valley flowers bouquet .
chapter ix the nightmare ( back to top ) the spring came , warding of the winter from the ieloharis island , and the flowers started to reborn .
the snowdrops flowers were the first to see spread over the land , so many that gave the impression of that the snow never left the island .
angell was aware that she was saved from the curse and from the kristalls influences and from the stupid flower , through the moonstone which she was wearing on the finger .
maybe was better to forget the idea of the wheel turning to her life with goodness , because since when he plant the flower in the backyard garden , only trouble came over her .
when she planted the flowers , she did nt think at the consequences .
she could nt explain to her parents that their daughter was cursed by a mythological flower , and she will about to die , they would believe that angell was drugged .
he was the one who jumped in front of her car , he was the one who called her at marvells party , and he was the one who yelled so loud when angell was getting closer the cursed flowers cave .
her cellphone rang at 6 oclock in the morning ( because she set it in every wednesday to ring for her to water the flowers , before the dawn ) and when she woke up for good then she realized that she had good reasons to be sad .
she saw at the east side , over the forest , the pinky sky , sign that the sun will raise up in a minute now , and she did nt had much time to seat , therefore she went straight to the forget - me - not flowers , to take the sprinkle .
she thrown the sprinkle away and she took a seat on the grass right next to the blue flowers , watching them ironically .
angell walked in the middle of the flowers , steeping on them , seeing that the cobalt blue flowers were starting to puff some small lines of smoke .
the sun pulled up his head after the forest , seeing his golden rays ; angell retreat from the flowers , fearing to not burn with them , because exactly this thing happen to them .
one by one , like an invisible hand was ignited them , the flowers started to burn .
angell made a mocking sign towards them , like a good bye , having an evil satisfaction on her face , observing how the flowers were burning , becoming ash , and with the bottle full of forget - me - not tea , she took momentum , throwing it in the blue fire , and exploded , like angell just thrown a grenade .
she saw happily that beside the flowers nothing around was affected by fire .
for real , she knew that kristall was just a simple wish , a picture from her imagination brought to life , not at all to behave like he was the one who created the flowers .
i set the flowers on fire , whatever i did nt watered them !
you destroyed my flowers !
she ran and saw the place where the flowers were burning , was empty , like the cursed flowers never been planted there .
she ran and saw the place where the flowers were burning , was empty , like the cursed flowers never been planted there .
and like the flowers , he started to puff smoke .
i just burn the god damn flowers .
was easily happy that she get rid of kristall and flowers , but terrified that the worst past did nt came yet .
angell was somehow used to the fantasy , maybe just because she could speak with a flower , but did nt understand since when the gods interfere .
she was full dressed in the forget - me - not flowers , which were moving , the same way as the ones which angell saw in the cave .
i think you know already the legend with the cursed flower , right ?
but here i am trapped i thought that you were in the flowers cave .
the flowers cave is in moonlight land .
the flower was nt planning by herself all this things .
she thought to make a plan , and a pact with the amaras cursed flower .
if she will succeed , forget - me - not will rule the island , and the rest of the flowers will vanish .
if not , the flower will be destroyed .
i curse the day i created that flower .
chapter x blue flames ( back to top ) with a small snap , angell woke up in a rocky chamber , and realized that was the flowers cave , but was nt the huge oval one , but another one smaller , like a house room and very cold .
your mother told me that you collect flowers , and i brought you one very special .
angell smiled , and when she saw that special flower , her smile disappeared with a blink of an eye .
forget - me - not , the rarest flower on the island .
she said , and then hugged him taking the flower .
then she closed her eyes , and thrown the flower in the saline sea , seeing her how was pulled away by the current , then the girl came back on shore , smiling , holding the necklace with the small piece of the dream glass .
there tarthas jorr procured two horses and a less - ostentatious cloak for bander and they rode across town to the palace district which was dominated by a compound of government buildings and , of course , the striking pentagonal structure known as castle flower .
the train slowed , he hastily grabbed his case and the bunch of flowers .
for a second he thought of stuffing the flowers into the case .
it had seemed a good idea to buy the flowers when he was having a few pints with the lads , but now he d sobered up a bit he jumped down from the slowing train and slammed the carriage door behind him .
he still wore the new suit and she still had the flower in her hair .
carefully , she took the flower by its stem and lifted its petals to her face .
she lightly placed the flower across her open folder on the table in front of her .
you built this whole machine just for this flower ?
he walked back to his workstation and set the stack of papers on its top before sliding the pressed flower safely into the top drawer .
i never get tired of them , said white flower .
we chased butterflies , threw rocks , picked flowers , and in general , had a ton of fun .
she pushed her nose into a flower near the fence .
as she edged closer hailey accidently brushed against another flower a bee was cultivating .
hailey became more aware of the other flowers in the same plant and how each of them seemed to have a different bee working on it .
the move had instantly cleared hailey from the danger of the bees in the flowers .
without any more delay , they worked their way along the slope beneath the fence which had protective flowers and bushes .
suddenly the entire swarm of bees rose into the air above the tree , turned as a buzzing clamorous team and flew away to wherever it was to be they would find the flowers with the pollen .
a magnificent giant of a city with its wonderful architecture , parks , lakes and the most radiant flowers planted right outside peoples houses .
small child angels threw flowers and presents to each of the children .
she was a single flower among rocks .
a dragonfly hovered beside the flowers .
the flowers were nt our way , either .
mountains crimsoned with flowers , li ying kathy was gone when i awoke , and for a moment i wondered if i had simply dreamed her into my lonely bed .
when i look back , the flower arrangements have multiplied greatly .
i d always hated the smell of flowers since then .
research which flowers grow well in pots and tubs using the internet and non - fiction books .
in these spaces green lawns and flower - filled gardens brightened the landscape .
jia was sitting by a pool , surrounded by shrubs and flower beds , throwing breadcrumbs to the golden carp that were swimming lazily beneath the lily pads .
there was a light blue one with clouds at the top which seemed to be circling the hut ; a dark blue one with odd , funny - looking fish on it ; a pale blue one with flying shoes on ; a light red one with swords that were fighting free handed on it ; a purplish one with vines covering it ; a yellow one with arrows darting round the corners ; a yellow - at - the - bottom - gradually - going - to - red - at - the - top one ; a golden coloured one ; a grey one ; a green one with a horse galloping on it ; a pink one with flowers on it and a dark grey one with the moon raining down from the one corner .
the table was laid beautifully with shiny cutlery of intricate , formal pattern and candles and flowers in the centre .
the middle door had winding steps leading up , and a beautiful flower perched randomly next to it the only sign of colour in the room .
claire began to stroll over towards the flower .
i tell you what , if a garbage heap was in the shape of a flower you d like it .
well that s a start , hecate said sarcastically , flicking her wrist and making a beautiful flower grow out from the basket , open up , and start singing quiet hymns .
hecate waved her hand and a flower sprung from within her hair .
the strange flower , the sirens and the riddle , the cyclops , the moving doors , the hexagonal chamber , the cloud land , the icy room , the lava pit and then finally the palace and the fountain .
courtiers lined the walls to the left and right , looking like bright flowers brought in from the gardens outside .
the ladies certainly wore a wide enough variety of scents to be mistaken for a flower garden , he thought .
she s not like the timid wall flowers he s used to .
it was somewhat overrun with weeds , and the flowers and plants needed tending , but it was beautiful .
there were flowers everywhere , in vases flanking the bier where his fathers body lay , single flowers at the pews and in garlands strung here and there .
there were flowers everywhere , in vases flanking the bier where his fathers body lay , single flowers at the pews and in garlands strung here and there .
there were also things like roots and flowers hanging to dry from the shelf itself and a few pieces of various hides of different animals .
to walk through the gardens collecting flowers and having secret assignations with ardent lovers .
her words raised a glint of interest in anthonys eyes and she felt her body respond to his renewed appreciation , like a flower twisting towards the sun .
just bury me in the ground and bring me flowers every day .
sofia smiled and reached for the flower .
she put the flower on the messy table beside her , filled with magical essences and ancient books of spells , lifting another seed into her palm .
the flower begun to bloom and everyone die .
the scent of the flower had killed them .
chapter xvii : the scent of flower to those who live and to those who die you can kill me now , if that s what you want , sofia turned to the witch .
sofia dredged up her vision and declared , we should destroy that flower before it killed everyone .
the dreadful flower might have created using the ancient spell .
iris had been so fond of the flower where she had been named after , so as claw told sofia .
he bent his knee to place the flower on the ground .
it was the day after , and i had delivered the organ already , and i was walking in flower and dean street , when i saw a ghost .
* * * for the first time , juana mounted the mare she had named florito , little flower , and sat tentatively in the saddle .
what happened , jodi looked at the neatly cut grass beneath her feet , the tang mixed with cultivated flowers and water lilies in the light breeze .
she picked the odd flower twirling the stalk the head rotating in front of her face , she remembered putting butter cups under her chin in the spring sun as a child for john to tell her if she liked butter should the reflection be clear on her skin and of course it always was .
i guess flowers , daniel said .
i had wandered off to smell some flowers outside another shop , when the boys started hurling insults and chased me through the alley .
i do n't do flowers .
mums sorting the flowers , as she s local to the venue .
what are they putting on their flowers over there ?
the fragrance of the fresh flowers in every table took my breath away and the ladies wearing gorgeous lovely dresses and guys in their handsome courts and ties eating and drinking champagne marvelous this was one hek of a meeting i would say i was dreaming in looking up and down here and there in the hall that i suddenly went and knocked on to a guard and that made me drop all of my note books and my camera in which i had store pictures of different vehicles of magicians that i used to follow some time back to find out where they keep meetings and few photographs of magicians that i took right now secretly .
i felt so safe this holiday with such a good aunt and not just because she a lovely aunty also because she is my best friend aunt as we walked through the gates of their house , there was a huge garden one side full of mind blowing beautiful flowers grown .
al i could see was vast land covered with grass and there were seed beds of different flowers grown and were so picturesque and i could see many horses running around the grassy land grazing and feeding their baby horses .
my first perception was the aroma of the natural flowers .
who ever who lived here was so eco friendly and loves flowers i assumed .
cobwebs covered the corners of the doors , and the doorsteps were cracked and grass and flowers were popping g out of them .
he was sitting astride his bike with a couple bundles of mr . piths cannabis flower .
this persona you ve created is nothing more than some yellow cactus flowers ground up with phosphorescing pieces of crystal from the rocks .
calmly , he picked a long green leaf from the flower arrangement and dipped it into the wine -- it turned white .
silently , she placed a flower on his chest and burst into tears .
she put a glass on a tray , but alex reached over and grabbed it , throwing the remaining drops of the glass on a flower arrangement , which immediately turned white .
` ` i threw what was left in the glass on the flowers , and the leaves turned white . ''
* * * back in the witches ' cottage in southport , aqua added a cup of dried passion flower roots to the potion and stirred the pot .
i thought for a second that i might have to prove myself with a bag of flower , and a side of beef , but meyer spoke up first .
hell , one of them even tried to put flowers in my hair and kiss me . ''
it was painted with flowers , and the stereo could be heard through the windows in the lounge .
her hair put up in an artistic bun with fresh flowers carefully weaved throughout the bun .
the house sat in the center of a fifteen acre plot of land , but instead of planted crops there were many artfully placed plants , flowers and many , many herbs that cage knew well to be for medicinal purposes .
he makes a room full of hogs smell like flowers .
each door he checked was either stocked with raw poppy flowers , the crated gummy kind and two boys working on refining it .
the warmth in her chest and flower vanished as he asked her of this .
his hands firmly grasped her hips and brought her closer to his waist which she appreciated immensely as her dress pulled up and her uncovered flower sat ready with only his pants keeping them from being one .
frill helped me find edible fruit and flowers since i told them you are a vegetarian .
most homes grew flowers in pots to make the city smell more pleasant .
you just better be capable of raising your lance the day my flower beckons .
i get the lance metaphor but how is a vagina a flower ?
like a flower my womanhood swells and blossoms .
how is my womanhood not like a flower ?
there were many butterflies fluttering and it drew the eye to many flowers hiding just beneath much of the plane .
cage studied their camouflage as the people tied grass , flowers to their hair , arms and backs .
what became difficult for cage is that when she showed her mark she also revealed her flower , as meeka calls it .
the moment the blood stopped flowing from my flower the recently appointed chief challenged me for mating rights .
only a flower can properly hold him .
her soft flower began milking his lance more intensely than he ever knew or could remember .
before she knew what happened cage had pulled her over and began pleasuring her flower with his mouth while brooke continued vocalizing her love while riding as one would a horse in full gallop .
her bright , golden hair lit the doorway up in a showering arc of healing light and her glowing smile caused tiny flowers to spring from the rich soil .
now the doorway grew black and the flowers turned to ash .
two young girls had arranged fizzing flowers in their hair and skipped along , enjoying the tropical air .
soon the tall , towering shapes of trees either side melded together with the scrub , bushes , grass , flowers , and the far off sounds of a soothing piping , till all i felt was the gentle , calming whoosh of wind rushing past my face .
fresh cut exotic flowers poked their heads out a crystal vase at the base .
very soon only signs the area had ever been disturbed was the presence of those four stunning blue flowers , emitting their glorious perfumes .
i gently coaxed a flower out in the middle of each bouquet , so perfume circulated freely .
it was white with light - blue flowers painted on its sides but there was something wrong with the rim for it was too big .
it was a clear summer day with birds in the blue sky , a gentle breeze whipping the treetops and the sweet smell of flowers wafting through the air .
her mother had dreamt of her daughter growing up to be one of the dainty flowers , smiling , nodding , and floating around a ballroom , but that was nt the life mary was destined to live .
chapter seven delphi and raven are in the gardens surrounding the chateau , picking flowers .
delphi has finished picking the flowers and approaches the pair of them .
she hands the basket of flowers over to raven .
her current attire consisted of a light blue dress hemmed with a small amount of white lace and bearing dark - blue flower embroidery about the bodice .
its just the medicine you get from a song well be a pretty little thing until the loves all gone and if its true you told somebody i knew you its probably for the best we call it quits and just give up ... this little flower ai nt be done in so long well be a pretty little thing until the loves all gone tomika held the last note for a few seconds .
it was a pleasure meeting you guys , but we ve got to be getting home before the boll weevils ruin our flower beds again .
she lit up her hand in flames and punched at the young woman , but she opened a hole in her abdomen and the punch sailed through , sending fire forth to ignite a vase full of fake flowers on a table in the next room .
as the lily was jaylas favorite flower and the daisy was jinas , it was the tattoo she said she would get if she and jina ever made the jump into a deeper relationship .
she went by kara flowers , and i chose jodie melrose as my name , you know , like kara - mel ?
the tall picture windows looked out over precise box hedges that divided immaculate rows of purple and yellow flowers .
she turned to face the three of them , her back bent like a wilting flower .
her back arched like a wilted flower , forcing her to crane her neck to make eye contact .
we were in a market ; fresh fruit , vegetables , fish , meat and flowers were all on display .
flowers on nearby vines and trees were in the process of opening ; most seemed to emit a sweet fragrance into the early afternoon air , and the mixture of smells was wonderful .
the cities had a definite perimeter , and at the edges there were no suburbs just an immediate transition to green vegetation and flowers .
claire felt a warm contentment wrap around her as she walked down the familiar hallway , following the patterned tiles that danced like summer flowers all the way to the kitchen at the back of the house .
two hours later , as they settled down to watch the hotels late stage show she could nt help but glance down at the plastic ring on her finger and give a little chuckle , she would indeed be remembering the look on her husbands face when he was told to kiss his bride for the rest of her life , and her lovely new watch was returned , unharmed , to her the next morning after it was found in a flower pot on the balcony of one of the rooms below .
grass and flowers gave way to scrubby bushes and finally to miles of empty flatlands punctuated by unwelcoming kopjes and outcrops .
apple tree cottage was as cute and pretty as its name , small with whitewashed walls and a brick path winding its way through a garden stuffed with roses , forget - me - knots , violas , petunias , and every kind of colourful flower that makes up a classic english cottage garden .
he wore one of those long green aprons that some gardeners like and he looked every bit the gentleman villager , enjoying his flowers in the autumn of his life .
who knows why flowers open in the morning or wolves howl at night ?
j sat , plucked a flower , counted the petals .
` ` john nance garner wanted th ' cactus blossom fer th ' official state flower instead of th ' bluebonnet . ''
small and slender , yet gracefully curved , with midnight in her hair and eternity in her eyes , a voice of music , beauty like a delicate flower , and the kind of smile that makes time stand still .
he tried it again and they tumbled over the rail and into the flowers below .
their cups were filled with elder flower wine .
i look like a flower maiden , lucas complained .
i have missed seeing you so terribly , your sunday afternoon visits here at my humble country house , our walks together through my fruit and flower gardens and our long , intimate conversations beneath the oaks and magnolia trees .
there was a garden in the east , to the rear of the castle , filled with gorgeous plants and flowers .
my mother and father were flower children .
maybe my flower children parents are why i like flowers so much .
maybe my flower children parents are why i like flowers so much .
he also helped me plan and grow my flower gardens .
henry remembers sometimes when he got up there he would find a wreath of flowers on the old white gate and one time he saw one of the traveling preachers that used to come to river sunday every week .
the preacher was putting out some flowers too .
they always put the flowers outside the fence .
the operator held up the small blue flower and jake nodded .
the face of the driver was impassive , the only emotion it had shown so far was this procurement of a flower .
the river sunday romance mystery series of books : slave graves magnolia gods gold powerboat racer terror flower china jewel these books can be found in paperback and ebook format from most major online retailers including amazon , itunes , and nook .
for more information , and to talk with tom , visit : web : http : //solarsippers.com facebook : https : //www.facebook.com / riversundayromancemysteries twitter : @ tomholly beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose part a the flower , the sword , and the kiss kristie lynn higgins text copyright 2005 , 2014 by kristie lynn higgins cover art copyright 2014 by kristie lynn higgins smashwords edition www.kristielynnhiggins.com no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic , or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by an information storage and retrieval system , without permission in writing from the author .
pluck inquired and when she saw it , the flowers beauty awed her .
it is written they possess great power , edward spoke as he licked his lips greedily and deeply breathed , smelling the flower 's sweet aroma .
the flower bit me .
she raised her gloved hand toward the case as if to clasp the flower .
she thought it was best if she stayed far away from the flower .
wonderful little flower , you are such a bright little wanderer .
there was only the bartender , an okinawan woman who rick thought was a really nice looking forty , and three women , obviously bar girls , sitting in a booth playing some kind of card game with cards a third the size of regular cards that had trees and flowers on their faces .
looks like a flower vase . ''
tomi was smiling and appeared relaxed as she looked down into the small grass plot and a few bright flowers that were bordering the small yard .
i happened to see you at the flower shop around the corner eyeing this precious , unique color of orange buds .
at the time she thought he was a gentleman and was kind enough to bring her flowers , but this was too much for him to come here unannounced .
when i saw him a few days ago and he presented me with flowers , i felt he was a nice man who was simply attracted to me , now i ' m not so sure , she moaned .
he continued telling her that was why he presented her with flowers the first time , and then thought that the second surprise was to show her how important she was to him by traveling such a great distance just to have dinner with her .
she believed meeting dennis was meant to be , was fated , especially his arrival after seeing her in the flower shop .
he said that he had never sent a woman flowers much less have the courage to deliver them to her without knowing her .
as a young girl , shed been present when a wolf pack had set upon a group of women and children collecting winter flowers in the nearby woods .
muirne munchem , flower of almhu , wife to her brother cumhal , was scared .
the flower of almhu shrugged .
you are still as beautiful to me as the flowers in spring .
bodhmhall turned to the flower of almhu .
do you not understand , foul - smelling flower !
conscious of the fragility shed inadvertently exposed , the flower of almhu clamped her jaw shut , grasped about clumsily on the floor behind her then pulled a bulky satchel forward .
observing that her words had in no way placated the bristling bandraoi , the flower of almhu opted for an alternative approach .
you mean the unplucked flower .
the flower of almhu groaned and gritted her teeth again .
the flower of almhu returned her stare .
should nt you be lying on a beach somewhere pretending the world suddenly became a rosy bed of pretty flowers ?
the walls were smooth and papered with light blue paper with pictures of flowers on it .
i could feel the reeds and pretty wild flowers brush past my hands as i walked by .
there is a flower that works to relax the mind .
she searched her deepest memories of the lessons her grandmother taught her ; every recipe she learned and every flower and herb she ever tasted .
he began by looking under shrubbery and behind large plants and flowers .
a hundred times you have complimented my fathers flowers , but not his daughter .
my lady , all the beauty of the unicorns and flowers of elysithe stars and sun and moon over africa , the birds and butterflies and waterfalls and rainbows i have seen could not prepare me for your beauty .
let me try , meelix walked up to a yellow flower and cleared his throat , hello , flower .
let me try , meelix walked up to a yellow flower and cleared his throat , hello , flower .
i do nt want to be rude , meelix whispered before turning back to the flower .
i think it is possible for two people to meet , to feel a mutual affection , to open up to each other in the dark like flowers that bloom in the night , to whisper to each other all the truths that they have slowly gathered from the grasslands of the world , and by sharing these secrets , to fall in love .
there on that road the grass and the flowers catch cold and sneeze when no one is looking .
five minutes after we left the hotel , we were forced to stop again at a busy intersection in the city as a crowd of girls came out of a womens college , laughing and looking like a bouquet of flowers with their sun - yellow dupattas and moss - green churidars .
she has gone inside the house , and he is walking through the flower garden .
i am going to enjoy putting this note in the notebook : fourteen ten , prissy little drug lord waters his flowers .
juan - carlos spent a long time in the flower garden .
juan - carlos did not come out and use the swimming pool , or water his flowers .
lets start right here , weeding the flower garden .
weeding , elma pointed to her flower garden .
sometimes billy would help her come up with new blessings , but most of them were silly , like horses and dogs and flowers .
vegetables in the garden , flowers in the window boxes , and the neighbors cat on their front porch .
elma smiled and said , look , see mrs . snells flowers ?
i can pull your weeds and plant your flowers .
she imagined it would be a big house , with flowers in the yard and maybe a creek where she could play .
hastily digging through his sack , alex pulled out a wilted flower .
zoe turned to see the massive flower walking toward them , its vinelike roots now acting as legs .
apparently annoyed by the assault , the vicious flower charged toward zoe .
as she raised her arms above her head , a large black crystal jutted from the ground below the flower .
he ran over to her , inspecting the remains of the monstrous flower as he passed by .
in several places the plumes of fire had breeched the roof , dotting the rooftop like hell 's own flower garden .
` ` amigo , while i am a great proponent of amour and believe the flower of love must nurtured that it might bloom into a beautiful blossom , i do not believe the local vermin harbor such sentiments . ''
he caught whiffs of the subtle spring flower perfume she had put on early this morning and he was so close to her he could feel the warmth of her face on his .
the transparent lidded flower box was still safe on the back floor behind the driver 's seat exactly where brad had put it when he left the florist 's in elmdale .
it was hard to define , but present : something like a mix of flower power and juice essence .
anna made an impression like someone fading like a flower or like a candle in the wind : you could look at them for a long time , but they remain a mystery .
she felt as if she was fading like a flower or as if she was a feather in the wind .
i have nt seen beth , but that flower at her place .
he pointed at the boy who was ripping silk flowers out of a vase and tossing them on the floor .
i m not a wilting flower and i have you , do nt i ?
rose scantily clad and smelling like a flower riddled garden in the lake district jumped out of her skin turning to see who it was holding her bosom with wide eyes .
drawn first to the books , she eventually asked if they might leave and go back to the sunny day above , for the flowers are blooming , she said , but risen had seen the look in her eyes , seen that she was fearful .
grandfathers grave was behind the house , a small walk from the garden , and she would lay flowers upon it when spring came , on his birthday .
it immediately surprised her how strong nicolette was , for she scarcely gave the impression that she might be able to break a petal from a flower .
it was then that he murmured beautiful things to her , reminded her of how lovely the little white flowers that covered the meadow by her house would be just about now .
curiously , a sparrow lit on risens shoulder as he laid flowers upon sylvies grave .
jonesy started whistling and pretending to be interested in some flowers on the side of the road .
like a never flower in the morning , peter sprouted to his full heightwhich was nt all that much , really .
wild animals popped off and flowers retreated into themselves .
nodd was shivering in his silly costume , when he happened to look over at the flowers in a nearby field .
never flowers , a hundred breeds unknown to the other world , replaced potted flowers on sidewalks and flowerboxes everywhere .
never flowers , a hundred breeds unknown to the other world , replaced potted flowers on sidewalks and flowerboxes everywhere .
ecame , esau , econquered between you and us there is fixed a great abyss ... luke 16:26 mrs raas said she would buy the flowers herself .
oh but she wuz beautiful , with her suzie wong dress an flower in her hair .
in the daytime , it stands regal and proud with its beautifully maintained grounds , and flower boxes always freshly stocked .
i kept the front door wide open with the help of the flower pot nearby and tried to chase the bird out .
i did nt see any flowers laid on the grave after it was filled .
there were some dead flowers on top of this soil hump .
oh my , do nt you smell like a bunch of fine fragrant flowers fellows .
each window is adorned with flower boxes , fresh baked bread , or bedding- hung out to freshen .
unks sees a beautiful brilliant flower bed just on the other side of this picket fence .
i just ca nt picture you carrying flowers .
there are no flower boxes hanging on windows , or flower gardens behind picket fences .
there are no flower boxes hanging on windows , or flower gardens behind picket fences .
she decides to pick a pretty flower pattern , and then a purple one with white lace .
beckys tenses knees force her to skip in front while sprinkling flower pedals up the long isle of the cathedral .
he toots the steam whistle and blows the horn as he steers the flower covered flotilla away from the cheering port .
pushing such negative thoughts away , he distracted himself as they marched onwards by thinking on julie and that field of flowers .
` ` if a man want to date a women , usually send flowers , invite her to eat a dinner full of flavor , or doing some of her favorite things and the like , depending on the preferences of each character . ''
during those times we immensely enjoyed each others company , running through flower sprinkled fields or joking about royal life .
and i despised flower prints !
the small flowers across the waist had faded , and even peeled in some places .
actually , it was n't lovely at all ; it looked more like a knotted yarn ball than an embroidered flower .
chapter 8 she led me to a table with half wilted flowers and a steaming bowl of shrimp soup .
a winter gown , pale gold with flowers that only grew during the frosty months .
and- oh , could you bring in some flowers ?
lashebah brought me my favorite flowers and my tapestries from my old room .
ill send you flowers in the mail you fucking idiot , marcus says angrily .
he found lisanne and rafull standing next to a small flower garden underneath one of the lights of the temple courtyard .
the fires behind us raced and blossomed throughout the forest like a deadly flower .
i was just letting you live because of one of my customers sake , but as you ruthlessly killed him , i ve got no reason to keep you alive , said sharine , smiling like a poisonous flower .
soul traced a flower , chewing her lip in a nervous way .
the trees bent and every peddle on the flowers were torn and sent spiraling into the air .
another reminder is to ask permission when gathering flowers after three pm .
she smelled like coconut milk and flowers , so intoxicating .
the paint was light pink and blue and had some drawings of flowers and butterflies that made it look like a childs bedroom .
the overstuffed divan and chairs were of an old faded flower pattern , with crocheted doilies on the arms .
mrs . banning threw the first flower on the coffin .
leigh tossed her flower , a startling white carnation , onto the shadowed blackness of the coffin .
the first handful of dirt fell , showering the flowers .
at first it was hard for her to face the scene of her marriage , but gradually she learned to see each flower individually , each separate rose and mum , each daisy and daffodil .
i m picking out flower arrangements .
ethan knew nothing when it came to anything having to do with flowers let alone those were meant to exist in service of a wedding day .
they drove for another hour , and geoffrey actually asked carter if melissa had shown him her intended flower arrangements .
there were girls in bright blue dresses with one strap of flowers over their left arms .
julie would never be allowed to leave flowers on what was , in so many ways , a shared grave .
the place was full of flowers , and julie was drawn to the scent of chrysanthemums in green vase .
julie took the flower and inhaled its scent .
* breakfast was in progress the next morning when lem appeared in renee 's room with a massive armful of flowers .
` ` flowers for a beautiful lady . ''
` ` not as flash as the flowers and your bracelet but i wanted to thank you as well . ''
* lem drove his cadillac into the parking spot next to the cavalier , gathered a bunch of flowers from the seat and headed for the elevator .
` ` who 's the bunch of flowers for , renee or the other gorgeous creatures attracted to your apartment ? ''
he glanced at his flowers , smiled , placed them in the car and walked out of the basement into the street .
five minutes later he returned from a small flower shop a block away with a second identical bunch .
he tiptoed forward and with a bunch of flowers in each hand cuddled the pair .
` ` flowers for two beautiful ladies , '' he whispered , squeezed them close and waited for a reaction .
she received a huge silver cup and a massive bunch of flowers while the auditorium erupted into claps , hoots and cheers .
flower gardens circled between the drive and bush area while , to the right , farm buildings could be seen behind a white painted fence .
neatly cut lawns and a flower garden completed the scene .
he reached and plucked off a small clump of flowers and handed it to fiona . ''
` ` in a few weeks they 'll be covered in flowers . ''
people unfamiliar with the seasonal state flower can not imagine the effect such vast fields of blue can have on a person .
she was ruining dianas flowers in the vase .
diana cleared the torn flower , and threw it outside the tent .
the nest is the work of a swallow , pasted somewhere to a cliff wall ; the flower is the lily of the valley , growing only in the shade , not on pasture land , as does the fern .
that he is , admitted lana dryly , but how he had known that lily of the valley was her favourite flower ?
last fall the girls had made some flower wreaths and unintentionally scattered some seeds in the process ; there were now quite a few budding among the grasses .
few would not bend to pluck a flower offered to them on the wayside , said tanya with the wisdom of eleven more years .
one of her male relatives in fact was fond of plucking just such flowers .
rea , following his looks , guessing his thoughts , said with ill suppressed glee , it seems your flower is attracting many drones to her nectar .
they found a meadow full of flowers and each picked a handful .
then they must have come upon the girls picking flowers ... his voice slowed and became husky as he struggled with his emotions .
she had felt hope as long as the flowers lasted and she had been able to mark a trail with the petals , but then her captors noticed and after an angry tirade they tied both girls securely .
finally , she kneeled behind him and combed his hair and rubbed crushed flower blossoms onto his head .
gill was thinking that it was time ; he had been smelling the flower long enough , and it was time to pluck it .
they look very pretty ... to weave into your hair , though your beauty needs no decoration and certainly outshines any flower .
i have many bunches of flowers drying , perhaps too many ... she said artfully .
i can pick flowers right here , she said pointing to a nearby cluster .
these days , shed cry if a leaf fell on a flower , oceanna said .
some flowers for sure though i thought i saw something glittering among the stems .
she wants to plant flowers there .
shortly , they began to smell flowers and other vegetation and then they were out .
far away , where truth is a lie , is a wolf who is white , is a wolf who is sly far away , in a place with no name , is a girl in a dream , is a girl and a game far away , in the realm of the cruel , walks a boy who must be both king and the fool far away , in the time that must be , meet the wolf and the girl and the boy by a tree and the flower that must die , is the dreamer who will wake for this is the road that they all must take .
then they zigzagged across the garden , dodging amongst flowers and shrubs .
this part of the garden was bereft of flowers , only shrubs and patches of dense ivy growing beside it and then gazing upward he saw a great oak rising against the sky .
she was picking flowers .
clutching a bunch of flowers in one hand , she held out the other and pointed off into the distance .
the wolf 's eyes burned with anticipation as it ran through the flowers , trampling them with deliberate care , but then , in an instant , its form had changed .
looking to the south and then the north she began to walk through the flowers , crushing them beneath her bare feet as she went .
passing beneath an archway of tall trees that leaned toward him on either side , jack stepped into a long garden covered with flourishing plants and flowers in full bloom , making him feel as if he were emerging from autumn into glorious summer .
tom had somehow managed to escape from the house , discovering beyond an extended garden of flowers a small gateway in the outer wall that was thankfully unlocked , leading him out into the freedom of the surrounding meadows and woodland .
he wondered how he could possibly make his way out of the field without destroying hundreds of them , for already beneath his feet where he had come to rest , he could feel the broken bodies of the flowers he had already slaughtered .
there is always a choice the flowers seemed to cry inside his mind .
the voice inside jack 's head was no longer that of the flowers he had killed .
jack hung his head so that his face almost touched the flowers , the voice still whispering in his mind , fading very slowly to leave him weak and dazed .
he took a pace forward then stopped , aware of the crushed petals and broken stems of flowers that lay upon the ground .
a hand , warm and as delicate as a flower , gripped jack 's own and he was led carefully forward .
part three the loss of innocence innocence is a flower that blooms only in the heart , and its loss is much the same as waking from a dream .
worship meworship yourself , it whispered , on and on until it felt as though my head was going to explode and though i tried not to , i went down onto my knees until my face was amongst the flowers .
ethan stood , mesmerized by the flower .
the family though carried flowers while rachiel held a cross that she had clearly made and decorated .
he walked forward , burning flower petals beneath him and could nt stop the blaze that had ignited .
next thing they know is they stood in their room , but all the flower petals were swept up and a large food basket waited on the coffee table .
he walked calmly to the center of the flower and sat , earning a smile from the demon .
i request that you come by and see me just so there are nt lingering effects of the demon flowers .
the luminescent flower you spoke to the council of is nt deadly , but i need to make sure the kitsune did nt leave any surprises that will take root in you .
a large , pink wild flower was tucked in her hair just above her right ear .
another bright pink flower adorned her right ear .
her hair flung through the air like a whip and her pink flower was lost in the sand .
the check in desk looked to be located beyond the flowers as raj reached back to feel the familiar bulge of a wallet nestled deep within his back pocket .
what have you done to my flowers ? !
flowers started to grow out of the heads of everyone on the dance floor ; brightly coloured sunflowers in a constantly changing kaleidoscope of vivid greens , pinks , yellows and reds .
i only had to look at someone for a second and the flowers came , adding about two feet to their height .
forget about the flowers , the music and the wasted night .
i spent the start of it running away from people with flowers growing out of their heads .
i watched as the flowers grew into each other and the patterns changed .
i watched , mesmerised , as those same flowers kissed the ceiling ; and wondered how long it would be before the whole room looked like a botanical garden .
i took the cigarette and lighter out then spotted an old lady tending to flowers on a grave was watching me .
he played hearts and flowers .
if you ever return to the bottom up , come prepared with a full field worth of flowers .
` ` my father has conveyed responsibility my way , george should have been made an example of long ago , george will assist the flowers with bloom . ''
so i ' m singing , flying i ' m just like a bird that flies into your waiting arms with flowers , daisies in your precious garden with the butterflies way up in the skies i ' m soaring with your love upon my lips you kiss me sweetly above the ocean rego listened as she sang .
a man sold flowers to men to give to their sweethearts .
it had gone into the report as assorted flowers .
nevermind the loss of the edible plants , which at least would make sense , it was the flowers that had sent mr . mitchum clean over the edge and straight to his neighbors where the two men commenced to dredge up every minute offense ever dealt them by the other man .
i even tried to say nice things to her , about her skin smelling like flowers , her hair as smooth as water .
she will make you get her flowers , sosa threw back .
not flowers .. !
but when chandar plucked a flower out of midair and offered it to her , her face softened into a smile .
he too picked up a flower thrown at him and offered it to an attractive woman in the second row of the press .
tara felt her frustration rising , but swallowed her irritation , took the flowers from the little girl , smelled them noisily then gave the bouquet back to her with some words of thanks .
there is a flower that needs attention , a few kind words , a few wise ones to bedazzle her , and the flower will gladly pour out all its nectar for you ... what would the wise words be ?
there is a flower that needs attention , a few kind words , a few wise ones to bedazzle her , and the flower will gladly pour out all its nectar for you ... what would the wise words be ?
but by now he was more than likely buzzing around another flower .
there are too few flowers in the field for one who so enjoys many flowers .
there are too few flowers in the field for one who so enjoys many flowers .
this man , in great anger , lifted his arm against his brother , striking him with great vehemence on the temple , so that his skull split and he died on the spot in the crimson color of his blood which quickly froze into a red ice flower .
kali looked at jeras askew hairdo and rearranged the flowers before their mother turned around to see .
blue snap dragons and hurtling ember flowers lined either side .
chapter nine a gardener knelt in a well - manicured flower patch .
a pair of childrens chairs faced the tree trunk , flowers painted on the backrests .
chapter 2 it starts with a woman and a flower shop and it ends in a tree house .
the flower shop was in minneapolis , however .
it was a white woman and her flower shop .
that goes without saying because i live in the midwest and everyone who runs flower shops is white.white people are the ones who buy most of the stuff as well the good luck at the new job potted plants , the nosegays for prom , the potpourri for the downstairs powder room .
that day , the day of the flower shop , i was in south dakota , driving back from a client meeting , shirt all pressed and tight - fitting in a way i think looks sharp but people outside of the city cast me the side eye for .
flowers , flowers and more flowers for birthdays , for anniversaries , for new jobs and high school graduations .
flowers , flowers and more flowers for birthdays , for anniversaries , for new jobs and high school graduations .
flowers , flowers and more flowers for birthdays , for anniversaries , for new jobs and high school graduations .
the wrong messages go out with the wrong flowers , i explained .
when i picked up our experiment with the flower shop , the order stalled out midway .
hey , what 's the name of the flower shop ?
did nt know that farm animals appreciated flowers .
the flower ladys name .
so i decided to tell her about this poor flower shop and its embarrassing problem .
its a flower shop here in minneapolis , a new place .
shellys flower shop .
shellys flower shop , she repeated .
should i cancel that appointment with this shelly woman melissas former sister - in - law , apparently - and her flower shop ?
but i would stay far away from shellys flower shop if i were you .
the next day , refreshed , rested and ready , i arrived at shellys flower shop and waited for the owner .
shellys flower shop was located in a middle - of - the - road suburb , right between a nail salon and a smoothie shop , with a jimmy john 's two storefronts away .
that night , i crashed over at bertrams in milbank - he now worked at a skateboard shop and shared a big ramshackle house with five other guys- then rose at dawn to get back to a smaller but more guaranteed client , shellys flower shop .
and in the middle of it all , because i can not lie , i slipped in a quick sentence about shellys flower shop .
thank god for shellys flower shop .
it was something in the capable but very caring way she handled both the flowers and the people who came through her shop .
so after i got through the drama with the car repairs , after i drove back into town and sat through my previously scheduled testing and demo session at shellys flower shop , i called the one person i knew would understand : melissa .
she walked out from behind the counter , no bundles of flowers or tape or packing with her .
sell her some flowers ?
the lead character catalina something , i think - is a flower cutter .
we would have been set , no need to sell the minnetonka house , no need to open up a flower shop .
i checked my bank account , hoping the final check from shellys flower shop would clear soon .
back in the twin cities , i heard rumors , starting with shellys flower shop being replaced by a mani - pedi shop .
he pushed the door open , and caught the sweet scent of the fresh flowers that were always well kept inside .
da de los muertos the flowers were everywhere .
cael walked past a little flower stand .
you brought me flowers , sweetheart .
yes , especially during the flower festival mrs . joaquin said , smiling at the marvelous fauna in her mind .
when the water was drained , she took flowers made of notebook sheets and pasted them on the sides of the plastic bottle .
well , maam , the ones that i used are seeds of flowers that i found in our backyard .
and you said that you used flower seeds .
he would be doomed if they found out that he used magic seeds instead of the ordinary ones like flower seeds .
on his way , the grass was greener , and the plants and the flowers on the lawns of the houses were more vibrant .
the second teen male studies the flower gardens .
this be the south lawn with winding pretty yellow - bricked sidewalk fringed with an array of colored flowers around the building to the west lawn or east lawn built along the rows of rolling green hills over yonder in the south , southwest , and southeast are the outbuildings .
the outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the dogtrot plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns , the horse stables , a blacksmith shop with equine rigging , harnesses , and equipment , the carriage houses , the plant and flower greenhouses , a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house , a cabinet maker for wood furnishings , a dry cellar for flour , a medical center for sick folks , a smoke house for meats , a dairy barn , a corn crib , a wheat barn , a poultry coop for hens , an ice house , a dog kennel , a real firehouse since we live out in the real country , a real dead cemetery , and a mountain called loveless mountain .
the outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the dogtrot plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns , the horse stables , a blacksmith shop with equine rigging , harnesses , and equipment , the carriage houses , the plant and flower greenhouses , a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house , a cabinet maker for wood furnishings , a dry cellar for flour , a medical center for sick folks , a smoke house for meats , a dairy barn , a corn crib , a wheat barn , a poultry coop for hens , an ice house , a dog kennel , a real firehouse since we live out in the real country , a real dead cemetery , and a mountain called loveless mountain .
you will not find any lavish decorated rooms , no glittering crystal chandeliers suspended from soaring ceilings , no ornamented fancy carved doors , and no exquisitely detailed frieze molding flowers growing side to side in the room because this is antebellum house .
the side wall shows the rays of the sunset from the low window panes along the front porch and the pretty view of the neatly manicured lawn and flower gardens .
what will we do there in your room if it only contains a lousy laptop that accesses no internet , a small tv with no cable , and a tea cup set of orange and yellow flowers on a silver tray ?
i drop my eyelashes to the manicured lawn and flower gardens , not shining in the far away moonlight .
lets go strolling for some wild flowers behind the outhouses in the rear of house i ca nt find the proper names mary margaret hackworth , william earl mcdaniel , jefferson anthony quinn and montgomery jonathan sutton .
most of the walls are made of dirt and broken where the water has leaked down from the soil and flowers .
i thought of my favorite flower , what i considered to be the most beautiful thing in nature ... the jasmine flower .
i thought of my favorite flower , what i considered to be the most beautiful thing in nature ... the jasmine flower .
my mother used to tell me that the jasmine flower represented grace .
she would put small jasmine flowers in my hair .
i pictured the flower in my mind ; how pure and white the petals were , how delicate and precious the flower was to hold in my hands .
i pictured the flower in my mind ; how pure and white the petals were , how delicate and precious the flower was to hold in my hands .
it hurt , yes , but i kept thinking of the jasmine flower .
it was relaxing to smell , every time i see the flower i try to stop and inhale its incense .
all i wish is to emulate the pure grace of the jasmine flower .
but i did n't harp on the pain , i thought about that jasmine flower opening up for the first time .
when we descend , well see the cave , three armed warriors of deserts at the entrance waiting for the stranger , and not with flowers .
cody rolls the old truck away from the weather beaten front door and the pretty flower beds then slams it into park sitting inside the seat .
the opposite wall displays a set of long windows showing off the colorful flower gardens .
he does nt have any children or babies pissing on the tree bark and eating flowers like his cousin john the baptist , says woot .
hucks tosses the dog onto the grass scanning the gates , the flowers , and the trees .
the puppy runs towards the tall dark trees as he walks closer to the flower gardens out of the flood lightning .
we crawl towards the flower garden then stand .
woot holds her hand leading from the tree and the flower gardens .
chapter 7 : the shamissai mountains the next morning , before leaving , balcazar gave enrig a canteen filled with mist flower tea to numb the pain in his arm .
that much mist flower tea would put a dragon to sleep , the alchemy apprentice chuckled .
under the tree , flowers were strewed all around like red dots on the green grass carpet .
i pictured myself playing it on some grassy , sun drenched mountainside , maybe a pretty hiker girl lying next to me , listening in rapture , a bright flower stuck in her hair ...
ronnie told me after a while that he just started answering bear grass when asked what this flower or this bush was called .
someone told me there 's a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair .
i stood for a moment just watching the wind play with the flower blossoms , and then i turned and trudged on up the slope .
the flies and bees left us alone at that elevation , right above the tree line , but i could see bees below us down the hill in the sunshine , buzzing lazily in the patches of flowers .
he readily told a story : there was once a man who so enjoyed the feel of the sun on his face that he constantly turned toward it like the flowers in the fields .
left out by this couples mutual obsession with themselves , cora became restless and went for a stroll along the brook , picking some yellow flowers .
she stepped out of the water and walked slowly up to him , her face suddenly smiling brightly , like a flower opening up to the touch of the sun , exposing all its vulnerability .
to pick flowers .
to pick flowers ?
her current pride and joy was her backyard garden filled with flowers whose latin names she could rattle off like a catechism .
peter set his basket down and began to walk along the perimeter , where many flowers grew .
well i m sorry ogana i did nt know your friend was such a delicate flower , suzanne teased .
i was more of a wall flower , had my small circle of girlfriends and lukewarm affairs with boys .
in order not to lose my mind , i began to plant flowers and herbs and weeds that looked like flowers in tony 's garden .
in order not to lose my mind , i began to plant flowers and herbs and weeds that looked like flowers in tony 's garden .
it rained cats and dogs , regularly flattening the flowers i had coaxed from the sandy soil .
growing flowers or vegetables was a mission in itself .
virtually all of andrew 's dianthus and busy - lizzy flowers had been obliterated in a vicious hailstorm and the smell of smashed - up plants still hung in the air .
gabby fetched me , dressed in true flower power style in a maxi dress and headband .
` ` at this new organic market , they sell flowers too , '' kgomotso answered a little too eagerly .
and the smell of all those mashed leaves and flowers ? ''
when you , gloriette mama , i frown at the window of solid pavement and cement , not seeing any pretty flowers or tall trees .
you do not smell , like freshly picked wild flowers , or wild freshly picked berries from the forest wild lands , mademoiselle gloriette .
we live in apartment units with no grass or flowers .
i slowly stand , wiping off flower petals .
i pat the bouquet of pretty flowers , stealing quick glances at prewitt .
i thought that s why we all are wearing the itchy dresses and arm flowers .
ya look really beautiful and smell sweet like flowers , gloriette .
the grass and flowers are dead , because the toxic runoff of the metal remnants from the electronics .
i view the flowers on the ground .
i view the historical antebellum house , lawn , flower gardens , and miles of white cotton plants .
sechar and vrain cuddle each other , without a long wedding gown or an arm bouquet of pretty flowers .
i have a landscape of flowers , not trees .
the bigger mounds of dirt , or flowers , or grass go on for miles and miles .
i giggle , walking towards the tree line , fingering the naked mound , not covered in grass or flowers .
grandmother touches her clean crispy new t - shirt , like it has come from the merchandise store in building 302 in a bright color of violet spring flowers .
my times getting on then you start your new task of feeding and watering the wall flowers .
take her outside for a long walk among the flowers , around the mounds .
i stare at each individual happy flower .
well she wears a flower in her hair sometimes .
to her amazement the room was set up like someone used the room and kept it spotless , even down to fresh flowers in a vase on the sideboard .
mostly he s sent flowers and bottles of wine .
in the center , under a big blue and white striped umbrella stood a long glass topped table set beautifully with a bowl of fresh colorful flowers .
i have to be back no , no , no , she muttered , her body quivering like some angelic , ephemeral flower growing amongst the tall weeds .
i ve just planted some new seedlings and i do nt want a bandicoot digging up my flower bed .
they do nt usually bother flowers , said her mother .
the walks on the beach , the flowers , the exquisite dates , were all fabricated to get her in bed .
as every flower , every leaf of every tree paused in the past to spread wide every membrane to drink in the mothers milk , so charlie now paused in his duties to acknowledge the consistency of life , the unknown symphony of which he was merely a brief note .
all the paper and flowers and dresses .
it smelled like fresh flowers and their mothers expensive cologne , plus mr . osberg had come home tonight and everyone was in the den and eliza could smell him clearly with his aramis cologne and expensive suit smell mixed with rich cigarette smoke .
you could cut the air , which was thickly and richly laced with the odors of perfume , cologne , expensive cigars and cigarettes , along with the sweet odor of fresh flowers and soap .
the red head stood out right away in her summer dress with flowers and flowing hair .
i love this outfit ,   said eliza , smoothing her fingers down its silk flower patterns .
it was then gisbo spotted it , on a far distant corner at the base of the wall : a lone flower whose color was different from all the rest .
exotic flowers grew at their roots and filled the air with pleasant , sweet smells that gisbos nose had never witnessed before .
gisbo subconsciously made his way back to the common grounds , now nearly deserted as people were taking down flowers and other decorations from the funeral .
afterward , he brought me a flower and from there on , we were inseparable until one day .
while the flower girls toss their last petals in his direction , with sweeping bows , they withdraw behind the dark velvet curtains .
tom and bob have begun landscaping it with flower boxes and decorative shrubbery .
if you have ever seen an orchid , put that flower in your mind .
opening a bit more each day and thriving in the company of other , natural , flowers .
with goods to trade , they 'd always bring a certain flower for the wee one .
she described for me , in detail , the petals of one particular flower .
macathwee , a recent ` ` recruit '' to our ranks , had come upon this oddity and brought it back to annalea , promising to show her where a bed of these flowers may be found .
` ` i know it was macathwee , and he 's taken her off to see that flower patch he told her of , '' i said to the captain .
i was directed to search the lee side of the island , where flowers patched in mead and on knoll .
they were sitting in a bed of flowers .
macathwee had his arm around annalea , and held a flower against her cheek .
he 'd been with macathwee , out on a routine forage , when he 'd plucked those flowers for annalea .
an ' in a papa 's heart , his li'l gal be always da sweet , tender , lovin ' flower o ' innocence who adores himan ' him alone .
i looked down and spied a crushed flower .
doubtless , i 'd be accused of seducing this young innocent : luring her to me cabin and debauching herstealing the fragrance from the flower , defiling the petals of first bloom .
the disc melted in my hands into a stone flower .
a wooden gate extended up and around the bed of the truckholding a large pile of red roses and amaranth flowers .
i took her trembling body to mine , and held her closewatching our cushioned bed of amaranth flowers and red roses float up from the truck .
i set her down softly on her back , on what was left of the flowers , and sat down next to her .
justin flowers with a score of 889 will advance .
hunter watson and justin flowers , along with their teams , held up guns of their own against a wall of rocket boys .
a group of men , including justin flowers and hunter watson , approached .
but flynn was just a front for kerr , the architect , one of joey buchanan 's father 's associates , i met kerr once , as a result of seeing am advert for a stove , in the ' courier ' ; the address was cash castle , set in cemetery like grounds : stagnant ponds , no flowers , just grass .
there s some flowers for your desk , i said , and added jokingly , and there s a fiver up every stem .
do you know that i ve worked forty years as a taxman and now i m about to retire and i ve been offered colour televisions , stereos , holidays in barbados but nobody has ever given me a bunch of flowers .
ill be along to put a flower on his grave sometime .
even tick , not exactly a flower expert , enjoyed his mom 's ridiculous amount of tulips every spring .
` ` they ever heard of flowers ? ''
the floor beneath him was solid , smooth ; the air smelled like ... flowers .
those standing seemed like wilted flowers , hoping for water and sun .
if one of you would hold the gate , i will see if these animals can manage the lane without eating too many of the flowers .
looks like the flowers are about to pop , i said .
i hopped down onto the soft , deep cedar mulch surrounding a fresh planting of rhododendrons in the flower bed and helped ellen do the same .
walkways were interspersed with flower beds not yet populated with plants .
she rummaged through an array of flower pots bearing dead geraniums and the bleached remnants of chrysanthemums .
i followed urszula onto the porch while ellen locked the door and tucked the key back among the flower pots .
urszula kicked around the mulch in a flower bed .
oh , and make sure you bring elsie some flowers .
as i stepped out of the car , i realized i had forgotten to stop for flowers .
one of the neighbors had some daffodils and tulips in the flower bed .
a small bouquet of flowers lay on top of the armoire , just waiting for his hands to hold and carry them to jawen .
mila be praised that there were flowers already blooming this season , although they were weak .
new blossoms did not have the full strength and beauty that later flowers did .
his other hand gripped the bouquet of early - blooming flowers , barely more than weeds at this point .
she did not want anyone to suspect what was happening outside , as she had already glimpsed through her bedroom window , just before coming downstairs to help separate rajar and annalise , basha walking down the street , dressed in a fine white buttoned - down collared shirt with a tie , and flowers in his hands .
do nt joke about my love for you , he said , lowering his hands and pulling back his flowers in frustration .
he ran off again , flowers flying .
and what were those flowers doing in his hands ?
basha cried , cowering and covering his head as a murder of crows and ravens passed by over his head , some of them screeching into his ears or pecking at his hands and flowers .
when jawen did nt come back , and when basha did nt receive any word about jawen , because oaka had not passed on the message to basha , then basha had decided that he would go to jawens house himself with his flowers and his tie .
but then basha shows up on our front doorstep , holding flowers , no less !
he squatted down in front of the gravestone , which had only kalas name engraved upon it , and held onto a flower .
basha kissed the flower and laid it on top of the grave .
the two of them had been floating in the water of the river daneuve , with sisila sitting up on the bank , idly picking at a flower , when basha decided to bring up the topic of what had occurred between him , jawen , and hastin while oaka and sisila had been on their own .
no flower that boomed lived very long , it was dark and depressing .
she closed her eyes , and saw the dark forest , the snow began to melt and flowers and now life began to string up from trees and ground .
he was jittery and overly hyper , buzzing around me like a bee to a flower .
that man has flowers ...
lo noticed an old vase holding dead flowers that was easily worth twenty - five thousand .
asked the woman , pulling a long cigarette from a flower print vinyl cigarette purse .
most were decorated elaborately with real flowers that never seemed to wilt , in spite of the fact they were not attached to any living plant or soil .
lush greenery and flowers bordered the still , reflective water , guarding the pond from the outside world .
flowers sent out a sweet array of fragrances as bees bobbed in and out of their blossoms .
the sun highlighted bright colors painted on the petals of every flower imaginable -- roses , daisies , blue bells , sunflowers , sweet peas , and so many that echo could nt even name .
the flowers in summer and the cafs and the art - it was all so whirlwind and beautiful .
she had changed her clothes to a flowing tank top with flowers printed all over it and a pair of jeans .
i could nt quite decide what it was , but it did nt stop me from digging the way she smelled like vanilla and flowers .
but as we zigzagged down a ramping , concrete path through raised beds of flowers , no one deviated from formation .
i went back the way we came , through the flowers and the rain .
i could smell her shampoo , more floral that overpowered the vanilla , or maybe it was the flowers around us .
she and her friends at the table talked about a new irrigation system they were working on for the flower garden at the back of the compound .
plastic wreaths and flowers drifted amidst the debris where the river had overtaken the grass .
wide paths made a grid pattern between flowers and extravagant , black granite grave markers with gold lettering .
across the valley of graves and flowers , a long staircase led up to an open tomb where a copper dome roof sheltered a sarcophagus .
on the kitchen 's table he saw a few pictures of him and many flowers arrangements .
the vortex was spinning up , reaching toward karuukul 's hand like a flower reached toward the spring sun , spiking and then withdrawing at karuukuls whim .
she grabbed a basket of clean laundry and took a deep breath , savoring the artificial scent of fresh spring flowers .
one of a kind and hand painted , the artist had chosen to place a brown flower as the focal piece in a field of happily colored pansies .
rhane thought of tainted roses , handsome flowers that grew in corpses left to rot on blood - soaked battlefields .
its white siding , colorful flower bed , and the whitewashed fence that surrounded its impeccably manicured lawn all shouted ordinary .
there was enough time to stop and get his wife flowers before dinner .
the store front was decorated with old volumes stacked beside a vase of pretty flowers .
she looked at the flowers in the display and cleared her throat .
you know for a town surrounded by flowers you 'd think it 'd look nicer .
the wolfsbane flower patch is straight ahead , the ocean to the rear .
the ancients used the flower in the spell to create werewolves when the undine needed protectors .
she gasps , dropping the flower and immediately bends to plunge her finger into the earth .
serena begins picking flowers more carefully this time .
flowers wrap around the branches , plaited around as a living lace .
in her basket , there are only a few flowers left .
her jawline tightens as she plucks the stem of a flower from one of the braids , and twirls it in her fingers .
his eyes drift , studying everything from her trident to the swing of her leg , down her arms to the flower she still twirls in her hand .
a small flower of warmth blooms in serena 's belly at the word .
dropping to her hands and knees , she works as the moon moves across the sky , replacing what flowers blew away and then some .
he moves to kick at one of the flowers sticking up out of the ground , then thinks better of it .
he finally sits , knees up into his chest to avoid flowers .
he strolls , circling the border of flowers .
the wolfsbane flower remains clutched to serenas chest , as she tentatively takes another step to follow .
she looks down at her wolfsbane flower in her hand .
she feels a lump forming in her throat and drops her wolfsbane flower , the revelation of new life blasting through fabricated barriers .
he says once she is back in her field of fatal flowers .
a sharp sting from the flowers pierces her toe .
serena puts her hand on her hip , hoping he has n't noticed she is sticking her toe into the dirther feet are n't scaled and she worries she might have touched the poisonous center of the flower .
back and forth she trudges , from her tree to the wolfsbane flower patch , and back to the beach .
` ` i brought a little something from home , and '' serena holds up a yellow flower , ` ` this . ''
cordelia edges back , keeping her eyes on the flower .
` ` the wolf would patrol the border , but has never crossed into the flowers . ''
cordelia twirls it , as serena does when studying the magical flower .
when it falls back among the trees , its color brings attention to all of the other hanging ropes and the line of flowers on the ground .
she is only slightly less clumsy through the border of wolfsbane flowers .
but on the next page is a simple drawing of the wolfsbane flower .
` ` it 's right here on the first page , under the flower .
its fur is as dark as the night , and its fangs are as yellow as the wolfsbane flower .
` ` you hide behind the flower too much , '' alaric 's snarl turns up into a cruel , twisted smile .
forged in the spiritual fires of the armory and blended with undine ancestors flesh and bone , the weapon is more than a sufficient replacement to the poisonous flower .
then came the rich aroma of coffee beans being crushed at another , followed by something being cooked with garlic somewhere and the sweet fragrance of scented flowers coming from somewhere else .
in a blur he reached into his jacket like a magician about to pull out a bunch of flowers , except in this case what came out was something nearly two feet long , black and metallic .
cursed grant , kicking a bluish flower into the road .
artfully arranged sprigs of flowers were clipped to their shoulders or tied to their wrists .
many times altea had sat with her mother and gretchen and sipped tea that tasted like flowers .
flowers grew from pots alongside the doorways and fancy wrought iron rails led up to paneled wood doors , many painted brightly .
mika missed his toy but a flower pot flew apart into shards , spraying dirt , leaves , and colorful petals .
two fresh bouquets of flowers stood on stone pedestals flanking the broad doorway to the ladys main hall .
the flowers yellow petals swirled with perfect symmetry .
but flowers still bloomed in the boxes .
the bundle of flowers tied to her wrist by a ribbon was crushed and the petals drifted to the floor .
the thin fabric of her nightgown offered only a flower petals protection from his calloused hands .
a memory of her as a younger woman covered in sunshine and surrounded by flowers cleared some of the bloody mayhem from his mind .
he looked outside and saw a black horse browsing on carmelitas flowers .
he d taken a beautiful flower and crushed her beneath his heel .
it was a fine weave with flowers embroidered along the square - cut neck .
walking past the first row , he admired the flowers peeking from window boxes , small wild flowers so unlike the roses , irises , and lilies he was used to seeing .
walking past the first row , he admired the flowers peeking from window boxes , small wild flowers so unlike the roses , irises , and lilies he was used to seeing .
he raced between the guards and on through the lavish gardens the perfume of flowers nearly strong enough to overcome the musk of his dripping horse .
scythe smiled to himself as he left the clearing , deliberately stepping on a delicate flower on his way out .
one tentacle brushed a nearby flower , and the plant instantly withered and turned black .
the grass and flowers it oozed over died and blackened instantly behind it .
he barked some kind of order into the flower in his own language and then the flower snaked away .
flowers and vegetables grew side by side separated by sunlight needs and the whole area was filled with butterflies .
they seemed to be on every single plant and flitted between the flowers and shrubs .
` ` i made you this to wear today , '' he said , holding out a flower garland .
she took of the flower garland angrily and threw it on the ground .
he picked the flower garland off the ground .
` ` and i 'll get some more flowers .
pretty girls like flowers . ''
some of the plants were squared off hedges , some were bushes covered with berries or flowers , and some were just flowers .
both he and the rabbit then hid under some of those flowers and tried to look like they were asleep .
just as he was deciding between flowers or shrubs to plant along the main walkway , ians son walked into the room .
not even the bright flowers lining the windows and countertops could bring any cheer into such an empty room .
with the flower arrangements , minister no , julia cut in again , this time more forcefully .
now hit that flower .
it shot forward and hit the flower directly .
it was called wilted flowers .
it was a several story building , covered with pictures of flowers .
the sign above the door read : wilted flower company house our mouths dropped open .
bakar asked maybe this is the wrong wilted flower ?
the wilted flower , as you can guess , is a company house .
quietly , we strode out of wilted flower .
* * * there were flowers .
the flowers burst into flame as she stepped by them , leaving a blazing path toward the woods .
she kicked a couple of fire flowers on her way into the woods .
she reached down and touched the edge of a flower .
she patted the ground for another fire flower and got a better look at the snake .
she ran the branch along the ground until it hit a fire flower and sprang to life .
what she had thought were flowers were the strange creatures that now pummeled her with such fluffy fury .
irene had been out collecting flowers for her ill father when she met martina .
she would often go pick some flowers and ride to the rivers where she would listen to the smooth flow of the water .
she went out with ruby to pick flowers for her mother who had taken ill again .
she dropped the flowers and ran for her life , as fast as her feet could carry her .
it was forbidden to pluck flowers from royal gardens and she feared the severe punishment .
nathan and he had grown into adulthood as on the isle of flowers as wards of sir andrew atkin , who was now the first knight of the high kingand his wifes father .
unfortunately , my father was also newly we d to someone elselady tiffany of the isle of flowers .
andrew atkin was the man who had raised both nathan and james on the isle of flowers as wards , and he had been the father of jamess wife , tiffany .
andrew atkin had indeed been loved and adored by his people on the isle of flowers , and throughout most of jennai .
sir andrew atkin , the first knight and lord of the isle of flowers , is dead .
a sweeter scent seemed to arise around us , though no flowers bloomed there .
but i 'd worn an iron - collar anointed with the juice of some garlic flowers and they had n't harmed me , though i will never forget the pungent swamp - gas smell of their breath .
some hopeful soul had added verbena flowers but they had long - lost the battle to overcome the goat smell .
my red blood bloomed like a flower in the water .
but aphrodite sent this flower of her sex to marry me .
queen zosime seemed to exhale a sweet but evil scent , like some tropical flower luring small creatures to a poisoned drowning within lush petals .
faintly , i smelled a perfume compounded of a thousand flowers .
minthes father wrote to say that , upon further thought , he decided my profession made me too great a risk for his precious flower .
i jumped from the couch and shoved a vase of flowers off the table .
its a flower , yeah .
do you know what kind of flower it is ?
a freakin old lady flower lover ?
i stared at the screen seeing the exact same flower that was now tattooed on my hip : white petals with yellow antenna things sticking out of the middle .
it needs to be combed , and then these flowers need to be interlaced into her hair like so .
lucia stepped closer and added a few flowers .
anemone hepatica flowers covered the aspen forest grounds to her left .
these delicate blue flowers only blossomed in bergendal during late springtime and were ailias favorite flower .
your flowers are beautiful , ailia said .
her wavy long , blond hair was brushed and she had put a dried flower over her ear .
she is youthful , beautiful and she has a flower that is still waiting to be taken .
dad often let him help , showing him how to dig flower beds and fertilize plants , how to hammer nails , and even letting him paint things .
shed also take flowers from her gardenyes , she was an excellent gardener , tooand books and magazines to people who were sick .
although sometimes i imagine i can smell her in the flowers that grow by the watermill , or in the sweet bread that brother wilhelm makes on saturdays .
a frown creased his smooth features as he read : nothing is as it seems and christian saw truly , by the wondrous light flashing and winking through the glass , by the soft pink and yellow and bright , clear green and violet that would put a flower to shame , that even the very air he breathed and the plain light of day , was something more magical than he could ever have imagined .
as for man , his days are like grass , as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he remembered monks singing here and flowers in great pots lining the walls .
she lowered her eyes once again , laid the flowers at his feet and departed , leaving christian staring after her like a homeless puppy .
he walked through arches festooned with the dry , brittle canes of roses , the flowers long since gone , the hips shrivelled to acorns on the vines .
wisdom is a flower from which the bee makes its honey and the spider poison , each according to his own nature .
the cardinal tottered and christian moved quickly to support him , guiding him to a bench under a flower covered arbour .
maddy , jules , and i took charge of the snow removal , and mrs . swenson kept the flower beds in perfect order during the too - short summer months .
the arrangement might not be absolutely fair ( some winters dropped so many feet of snow that the flower beds were almost - forgotten memories ) , but between the three of us in our upstairs apartment , the shoveling was n't too much of a burden .
i had spent three days tracking down a bottle of perfume scented like the flower so that the cast would understand the imagery of the words they were reciting .
i should be able to get something at lyndale garden , that heavy - duty black stuff for putting under flower beds .
how had the flowers perfumed the air ?
marianna had loved flowers , especially oleander and gardenias , both of which grew wild on this island .
she returned to the area where she had picked up her shirt and found the map underneath a layer of flowers from the jasmine bush , she picked one of the flowers up with the map and inhaled its sweet aroma , mmm , heavenly .
she returned to the area where she had picked up her shirt and found the map underneath a layer of flowers from the jasmine bush , she picked one of the flowers up with the map and inhaled its sweet aroma , mmm , heavenly .
john picked up another flower and placed it behind her left ear .
they passed a large gardenia bush and in one sweeping move jake had clipped off a few of the flowers with his cutlass and placed them in celestes hands .
i mean , we seem to like the same flowers , she paused , and the same man .
jeff turned and celeste followed , flowers still at her nose .
she pulled flowers out of the ground and knocked tietro on his back while she just sat in a chair .
i went outside to the beautiful flower gardens .
i was just going to ride up to the cemetery to collect some of the flowers .
` ` i ' m not going to live a mortal life , grow old and die with two immortal vampires perpetually in the flower of youth . ''
and so the war of roses went on with both royals subsidizing local nurseries to the point where they were able to charge exorbitant prices for flowers grown in manure which cost almost nothing to produce .
my rose is a delicate flower and is not to be plucked by any but me , as per our agreement .
he had spent the better part of the day scavenging and scrounging and had discovered many flowers and herbs .
as he spoke , he cleared the gate at a bound , and at a terrific pace he made towards the house , passing over beds , and plantations , and flowers heedlessly , so that he went the most direct way to it .
what to him were the sweet flowers that there grew in such happy luxuriance and heedless beauty ?
alas , the flower that to his mind was fairer than them all , was blighted , and in the wan cheek of her whom he loved , he sighed to see the lily usurping the place of the radiant rose .
alyssa and cora walked inside the chapel as samantha ran to pick flowers at the edge of the clearing .
alyssa glanced around for samantha , who was still picking flowers .
they drew spirals in the emptiness , and came together as one flower .
the fair lady was smiling on the flower , waiting for the moment to come .
she was wearing a pale pink dress with a flower pattern .
do nt ask me about flowers , said ken .
its because roses are the most important flowers in rosetta , mothy said , and this is your room , master .
we return to rose flowers when we die .
he was flying over a field , a field filled with withered flowers .
my flower is sakura , or cherry blossoms , remember ?
meg noticed that the flower petal was only visible to her .
it meant the beautiful flower came to a new land , severing the bond it had .
i feel i also belong to sakuratta since my flower is cherry blossoms .
all the flowers were retrieved , and were carefully replaced in the gardens .
sure , there had been the odd story about a gardener who had learned to grow glow - in - the - dark flowers , or perhaps an old woman who had saved her cats life by felling a tree , but nothing of major significance .
in some way other than a place of calm , because i am having difficulty seeing the benefits of attacking a demon with calming mental images of fields and flowers .
but since love generally involved flowers , candle lit dinners , tender moments in the drizzling rain and much affectionate laughter , this could not possibly have been that .
i looked back into the mirror and realised sunglasses was firing at my demon as it rose slowly from my own body , uncoiling itself up into the world ; a grotesque flower growing in fast forward .
a small table with four chairs sat in the middle of the room and a large vase of beautiful fresh flowers sat on table .
i will leave a note under the flower pot in the corner of the balcony for you , and you can answer me in the same way .
meg welcomes the dukes niece but keeps on sketching her flower while myrel pours tea .
she does nt think plucking petals from a flower can reveal if someone loves you .
occasionally , someone brought a flower into the underworld , but none has imagined the sight of hundreds of blooming tulips and daffodils spread before them .
he must have made for a rather solitary figure , hunched over , the sole survivor amidst the rows and rows , the aisles and aisles , filled with plastic flowers , plastic weapons , plastic bits and pieces whose esoteric purposes could only be divined by those with clinically too much time on their hands .
the music box played as the suited figure put out his cigarette , striding through the cathedral city with a bouquet of flowers hanging lowered in his hand .
he trailed her through places shed already been , as the field of flowers gently parted a path shed left behind , footprints left in the soft earth , through the broken branches of the thickets guarding the base of the trees surrounding the town .
a typical residential street , lined with grand victorian homes , white picket fences , flower gardens , people mowing their lawns , kids laughing and playing , also barking family pets .
they trampled the once prized flowers of the old woman .
they dared not get too close , walking instead through the field of flowers .
the red rain tinted everything in its path a bright scarlet , even staining the flowers in the field .
he walked through the once beautiful field of flowers , which were devastated by death , when the blood of innocence had tainted this ground , permanently staining the flora scarlet .
hadge could see the field of flowers ahead , thanking yahveh for its safety , thank you , oh thank you then he terrifyingly heard the moans from behind them , distressed to hear the sounds of the zombies , saying , do nt they ever give up ?
he sat bolt upright in the unusually silent field of flowers , expecting to see a deadly man - eater drooling over him , with the unnerving notion nauseously boiling up all over again , dinner is served .
hadge ogled the black smudge , recalling the sinister black snow falling just before he drifted to sleep in the field of flowers .
the trail led through the endless field of flowers , which was secretively intertwined with woodbine vines , a wild form of honeysuckles .
soon the contentment of the cow and the peace of the flower will flow through you .
the officiating pastor had lined the front of the sanctuary with the flower arrangements .
i wish i could build a house that was open and airy so we could hear the birds sing and smell the fresh flowers , chad said .
do you know what types of flowers you want to be in your bouquets ?
she chose a spaghetti strap organza ball gown with beaded embroidered bodice with a horizontal embroidered skirt for her flower girl to wear .
have you decided who your brides maids are going to be and who your flower girl will be ?
no , but i will probably ask chads sister to be a bridesmaid and my niece , krysta , to be my flower girl .
i want to show you everything , the reception area , the cake , the flowers .
i have nt seen everything set up yet , but i chose the flowers and designed the cake , lucinda said .
` let the lowly brother glory in his exaltation , but the rich in his humiliation , because as a flower of the field he will pass away . '
al mancini , stripped of every last bit of clothing from his body , was especially self - conscious at the moment , because 6 other people were staring at him , staring at his at glistening naked aromatic skin which was as feminine and as fragrant as a bouquet of flowers , because of that bottle of perfumed bath oil he had been playing with .
her smile curled around to him , a lotus flower eddying in a stream .
i think we can agree that i would not have been suited to life in a vicarage , any more than you feel suited to embroidery and painting flowers .
you have no place in nature anymore , and you deny that anything exists beyond the trees and flowers that you cut and pluck .
his sons would follow their father into the military , and his little flower would hopefully find herself an understanding gentleman .
i can not think that i ever remember seeing tea flowers in january .
macconnach scooped up a handful of dead flowers , which promptly turned to dust in his hands .
arpan watched for a moment before turning back to look at the dead flowers covering the ground .
where the blade passed , the smoke wilted like a flower , leaving the circle lopsided .
in her imagination , if left on her own , she would go to a big white house , with manicured lawns and beautiful gardens , and lots of pretty flowers .
she would take her gloves off and touch the flowers , and the flowers would send to her messages of love and happiness .
she would take her gloves off and touch the flowers , and the flowers would send to her messages of love and happiness .
in eden every fruit this planet knew , and every flower , in profusion grew .
the very weeds were elegantly decked with breeds of flowers one would least expect .
his words had stirred a restless depth of ours that was n't touched by eden 's fruits and flowers .
elsa was quite perplexed by this strange behavior , but nevertheless made her way around the neatly trimmed hedges and flower garden to the front entrance of todds cottage .
beauty of the beast # 1 the mystic rose part a the flower , the sword , and the kiss kristie lynn higgins text copyright 2005 , 2014 by kristie lynn higgins cover art copyright 2014 by kristie lynn higgins smashwords edition www.kristielynnhiggins.com no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic , or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by an information storage and retrieval system , without permission in writing from the author .
the flower will be there today as it will be there a year from now .
i retrieve the flower and bring it back to you and you restore miss amee to her normal self .
that is where you will find the flower .
cracks , moss and ivy had claimed them as much , if not more , than the guardian of the flower .
he gently dug his fingers into the cold , soft dirt , cupping the flower .
the egg had managed to stay mostly intact , still protecting the flower .
he emptied his satchel of flint stones , hooks and other supplies , then gently placed the flower inside .
he clutched his satchel , protecting the flower .
he d have to set down the flower to do battle .
he had turned , hitting the wall with his back , protecting the flower .
he opened his satchel and pulled the flower out , cradling it .
the witch knelt next to him , about to take the flower from him .
she set the flower carefully down on a table and motioned for him to follow .
her daughter had sidled up to the flower and reached out to touch it .
her daughter yanked it back and frowned , moving away from the flower .
the small girl edged closer , offering the flower .
astrid looked down at her crumpled flower .
you do nt seem like a flower type of girl , he said , tossing her hunting knives onto the bed .
astrid swooped down and plucked the gentle flower from between her boots .
as well paint flowers on the hide of a bear .
a simple blue linen dress , to ward off the heat , with little white flowers embroidered on the sleeves .
a man should not smell like flowers .
the dress might be thirty years out of fashion , but it did not diminish amiras beauty one bit ; rather it enhanced her radiance , and the flowers woven into her hair seemed as natural as if they had grown there .
no knickknacks or photos , no vases of flowers , no decoration to speak of .
chapter 17 henry had settled tasha in a quiet sitting room that over looked a beautiful flower garden full of fall flowers .
chapter 17 henry had settled tasha in a quiet sitting room that over looked a beautiful flower garden full of fall flowers .
the lights from the house illuminated beautiful gardens , well maintained with numerous flowers and plants .
trimmed grass , carefully groomed , as well as beds of gorgeous native flowers covered the entire earth within the garden .
in front of the shop was a mixture of exotic flowers planted in a large black pot that almost looked like a witchs cauldron , which i thought was pretty cool .
the whole car smelled good , with an aroma i could nt define but that reminded me very vaguely of the times mother would bring home flowers on special occasions .
can her hands heal wounds , grow flowers , stuff like that ?
bet the flower girl will love that .
there was a bank across from a flower shop and a jewelry store .
he again reached into his cloak , and this time pulled out a flower .
zachery watched as the man allowed the flower to fall from his grasp and onto the ground .
flowers dotted the landscape among the trees , and at the center of the garden a waterfall rushed to the earth coming over the wall from high above .
large bushes and flowers exploded from beds lining the area .
a circle drive was on the other side with decorative bushes and flowers and a grand staircase .
even the flowers , the roses , lilies and tulips , were of incredibly fine , white porcelain .
it was the princess , slumped lifelessly in a chair , her white dress making her look much like the white lace upholstery of the furniture , the large flower displays of blinding white blooms .
she was watching the butterflies flitter between the blooms , their bright tones contrasting with equally vibrant shades of the flowers .
those were the last flowers he left at my grave .
this was followed by flowers , and from one of these flowers , blooming for the first time , the petals opened to reveal a being no bigger than a seed sitting in the middle of the flower .
he made his trips into the village less , and he sat outside more on the bench in the part of the garden that held the flowers .
at one tiny hamlet , a lad of tender years , eleven at most , offered amandie a rose from amongst the flowers he was selling by the side of the road .
are these flowers ?
clearly , i ve come too late , he said , as though he had forgotten the leaves and the flowers , in thinking of this .
he sat down to rest and admire the flowers , taking a drink of water .
perhaps the flowers had nt cast a spell on him ; maybe he d simply needed the extra sleep , after his lengthy walk .
the markers in the cemetery were gray and bleak in the light of early morning , and the long grass mound where father brions body rested no longer bloomed with red flowers , but lay green and quiet .
she tended the garden to the side , pulling the weeds and humming to the flowers .
in the midst of the sunny warmth of the next day , which was strangely bright for the wood , he sat on the bench in the flower garden , and gazed off into nowhere .
he was still sitting on his bench , watching the breeze blow through the flowers .
he just happened to have an extra flower , when he was finished handing them out to all the ladies going in for afternoon tea ; he gave it to amandie as she went by with a plateful of finger sandwiches .
there was generally a vase of flowers on the bureau , which seemed to appear there by magic , meaning they undoubtedly came from erin .
and she would have , if his body had not rested in the church cemetery , a long green mound that she often grew flowers upon .
lady erin sang as she strolled along the neat sandstone paths , admired the emerald green bushes , smelled the cultivated flowers , and finally trailed her fingers through the water in the rose - colored fountain .
she was wearing her own bizarre dress again , made of flowers or plants or something else that came out of the wood .
there was talk of flowers and rings , of food and decorations .
bethany , however , seemed to think it was possible , at least judging by the pains she had taken to clean out her small tent and pin flowers on the woolen flap which served as a door .
amandie had heard the head gardener complaining that they had become unmanageable ; more like weeds than flowers these days , shed heard him muttering to himself .
two small girls , with baskets of flowers in their hands , lay at the bottom of the steps in a pool of warm blood .
hundreds of beautiful flowers sprung up all over the makeshift burial plot .
these flowers will represent your son 's memory , as it is in your heart .
as long as this world stands , so will these flowers .
the flowers had just begun to shake off the chill of winter and don their brazen summer garb as she rode into kersen .
the prairie flowers gave way to rich and loamy farmland , its fertile soil being tended by laborers in the fields .
she inhaled the myriad scents of the flowers around her .
the flowers really were quite lovely ; if her time ever came to live here permanently , she might reside in these very gardens .
she had had no idea how closed her world had been until the monk geiseric had caused it to open before her like a flower in spring .
i love your garden , amborella said , but your landscaper has given you all white flowers , because you told him you were only going to visit at night .
a huge bunch of native flowers stood in the doorway on a pair of legs that looked familiar .
he came in cautiously , peering around the flowers , face creased by a worried frown .
ivan cleared a spot on the table and set the flowers down .
there had to be just about every known native flower in the bunch .
she put the card on the table beside the flowers and vowed that as soon as shed passed his gun and fine back to him , she would destroy the card .
i tried to run , i tried to hide , but i could not get away his voice was broken in mid - stride as both feet slipped away ; about his knees , like ropy claws , were two thin , thorny vines with flowers budding toothy jaws up and down their lines ; they squeezed and pulled with all their might to fell his bardic stance , but instinct brought his sword to strike a whirling dervish dance !
the vines had twisted round and round ; his sword was twirling death ; the flowers , tufts of reddish - brown with floral scented breath , had tiny teeth that gnawed his skin with hungers taste unleashed , until his sword untangled them from his tunic sleeve ; his fingers burned from tiny snags , but soon his legs were free from the tattered , severed rags of deadly snarlweed .
oh , he chortled gleefully , my lovely virginess , ill pluck your flower swift and true for you , my dear clarise !
she squealed at first but not for long ; he passed her false defense ; she did nt know he lacked in skill , and he did not confess ; he plucked her flower from the vine with too much eagerness , and she let out a horrid scream that woke her governess ; he fled before he got the sword and left her in a mess ; she lost her maiden - head that night and gained a babys dress ; the flower grew to bear some fruit , much to her distress , and so she fled into the hills around keep inverness .
she squealed at first but not for long ; he passed her false defense ; she did nt know he lacked in skill , and he did not confess ; he plucked her flower from the vine with too much eagerness , and she let out a horrid scream that woke her governess ; he fled before he got the sword and left her in a mess ; she lost her maiden - head that night and gained a babys dress ; the flower grew to bear some fruit , much to her distress , and so she fled into the hills around keep inverness .
the flower can not see the beauty it possesses or smell the perfume it wafts , but that does nt mean both are not there and a treasure to the one who finds them .
flowers of every hue poked up from the sea of green .
amazing how such a pretty flower , a marvel to life , could be known as a weed , and do so much damage when they finish their life span .
back when the wall had just been built , i painted flowers all over it so the front did nt have to look boring .
the flowers are faded some , but everyday i admire them .
i lifted my right foot up to discover the healthy flower broken and smeared on the concrete .
all of the daisies in the middle section of the cracks looked like the daisy i made , these flowers were n't wilted .
i started to the way back home again , conscious of the dying and dead flowers , and then now irritated at myself and the other passing people who were too wrapped up in themselves to realize the unnecessary loss .
regent had covered it with some branches and a couple of flowers .
morfran watched as she inspected each of the flowers she picked before carefully wrapping them in hemp cloth and gingerly placing them with the others in the pouch that was slung over her shoulder .
her flesh was near as pale as the flowers she plucked .
the young wood elf morfran had been watching had stopped stooping to pick flowers and ran toward the two elves that had separated themselves from their caravan .
you spend too much time picking flowers , my dear .
the master of spies had also reported that the daughter of firth , the daughter of prince derfael and lady rhoslyn , often picked flowers by the rivers edge .
perhaps there were other spots where she gathered the flower and the root of the althaea .
she gathered althaea by the bank , her gown flowing around her feet as she stooped to pick the white flowers with her delicate fingers .
as she was wrapping one of the little flowers she felt it , a prick , an insect bite on the nape of her neck and then all went black .
as she gathered the tiny flowers she thought of escaping , but she was nt sure where she was , or which direction firth lay .
kate had just begun to bloom into a beautiful flower , becoming a woman that everyone else was happy to know ; jane was proud to claim kate as her sister .
being made of different stone types , those flowers varied in kind and hue ; multiples of blue and white marble , striated green malachite , veined tan and black obsidian , red granite , and yellow limestone .
brody said kate deserved flowers every day , and that was the only permanent solution he could think of .
she spent a long time rearranging the stone flower heads , standing back to appreciate the placement of the various hues , and then changing her mind .
because flowers wilt and you pray to nothing .
flowers grew along the desolate landscape , reanimating the parched trees with budding leaves .
torrin tried his best to ignore them until he tripped over a young girl who was facedown in the soil , her light hair draped in a flower dress stained with blood .
it starts out as fear in a pure heart before it strangles the flower with the horror of its delusions and resembles blood on the tongue .
honeysuckle floated on the breeze and he stopped to breathe it in , letting the sweetness of the flower saturate his taste buds until a gray fox scampered from the bushes and stared with hesitant eyes , sniffing at the air .
she saw her older sibling picking flowers in the distance .
i could smell you , she said , bringing a flower to her nose and winking at him with her enchanting dark eyes .
rumiko dropped her bundle of flowers and stood on her toes to kiss him .
perhaps you just pick more flowers than you realize .
lighter colors gave comprehension to the dynamic flower petals that bloomed in the spring , while others were drawn in shades of black to detail geometric form that brought no realization of purpose but described beauty so well that the need to question disappeared , leaving only stark appreciation .
as they reached the crossroads and entered the forests of the eastern province , the smell of flowers filled a gentle breeze that pulled in from the ocean .
* * * * * he rode across the grasslands and entered the main path to the governors compound , where the wind carried the scent of the flowers in hideyoshis garden .
gardens of flowers bloomed in the massive crooks of the great trees limbs ; tended by the elves , but occurring naturally as organic matter piled up through the ages , forming a lush bed of soil .
table of contents the pit priestess extras the night wanderer the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire about c.s .
the flowers of evil a selection of translations from baudelaire 's classic collection of decadent poetry to the reader stupidity and error , lies and vice- they hold the reins and lead you on your course .
thompson a god who makes fire : bardic mysticism of amergin between somewhere and nowhere : essays on myth , magic and religion broadsword academy by nature denied games dead people play highland broadsword : lessons , drills and practices highland martial culture : the fighting heritage of scotland highland knife fighting with the dirk and sgian i remember nothing suicide king the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire the illuminatus device the music of his sword : martial arts of the pagan celts the night wanderer and other poems the pit priestess and other stories of nottamun a season of strange dreams ( noctiviganti , # 1 ) and then the night ( noctiviganti , # 2 ) city of constant silence ( noctiviganti , # 3 ) for now we wait ( noctiviganti , # 4 ) tree of a thousand eyes ( noctiviganti , # 5 ) river of doorways ( noctiviganti , # 6 ) last days of the night kingdom ( noctiviganti , # 7 ) connect with cs thompson blogs : http : //noctiviganti.wordpress.com/ http : //cateransociety.wordpress.com/ http : //nightwandering.wordpress.com/ http : //alienationorsolidarity.wordpress.com/ http : //shrineofbriga.wordpress.com/ e - mail : gilbride100 @ hotmail.com facebook : https : //www.facebook.com / christopher.s.thompson.543 legend of the murfs by mark omodia smashwords edition copyright 2014 mark omodia license notes : this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
by then she was sitting down and fiddling with a flower which she had plucked .
it took half an hour for the army to march through the stretch of interlocked stones with flowers on either side .
lula was busy outside turning flowers pink , despite that every time she changed one and floated away capella would make it wither and die with a flick of her fingers .
stop killing my flowers !
you trampled my flowers !
why did you make so many flowers if they make you sneeze ?
flowers do nt make me sneeze , answered the blushing fairy , matching the shade of a rose she was sitting upon .
we are honored to have you with us , said mira , and i am sorry for ruining your flowers .
like i could stop a unicorn from doing what it wants to anyway , lula sighed from her flower .
so i can tell you to go snort bees the next time you want to trample my flowers .
lula flew off to find some sweet flower nectar and something for shawna to eat since wilderness - survival had not been an option in high school .
capella watched the flowers wave across the hillside for a time before giving a long sigh .
i she played with the flower bracelet .
poor , fragile , little flower , he said to shawna .
lula had flown off to find a certain flower one of the women had mentioned bloomed in the area .
there were beds of flowers surrounding the base of the house and a stone path leading around back .
these were evenly spaced , and between them were several winding paths , adorned here and there by hedges or beds of flowers .
the concoction reminded him of the farm outside song , of the light and flowers there .
flowers of different colors were growing and the grass was reaching for the sky .
her sister kept the place clean , cooked , and watered the flowers .
the drapes were drawn back so she could look out at her garden , where the earliest flowers budded .
on the clothes chest , a handful of white flowers nodded over the rim of a pewter tankard .
it was more than just a flower , this tradition between them .
the premature gray streaks in his short brown hair gave him a distinguished air , and his deep dark eyes attracted her like a flower did to a bee .
neste laughed as she took the flower .
every night , april through june , elen brought her a flower when they met at the fountain .
after retiring from a long career as rider for a small barn , mum had enjoyed six years in her flower garden .
elen handed over the wild garlic flower and threw her arms around her friend in a warm hug .
she watched a smiling official drape a wreath of flowers over aidans mare .
his furrowed brow hid the flowers from view .
the flowers still drooped , but she no longer cared .
elen sent a flower .
she looked at the white garlic flowers and wondered if elen had tried to visit during the morning .
she met me coming up the walk and gave me the flower .
she cried until her eyes emptied her body of tears , then lay spent against the pillows , staring at elens white flowers .
illustrations of flowers covered the pages , surrounded by cramped script .
after a few pages of flower lore , neste closed the book and lay it on the bed .
her eyes strayed to the window and the colorful flowers in her garden .
for the same reason , elen had placed the flower on the gate when neste did nt make it to the fountain .
she slipped the flower into the tankard in her room and fell into bed .
where are my flowers ?
the garlic flowers had wilted , and no new ones replaced them .
somehow she and elen remained connected as long as the flowers had been in her room .
elen slid over to the dresser and plopped the flowers in .
nestes eyes returned to the fading flowers .
staring at the wilted white flowers that elen had brought , neste wondered what she really did want in her future .
marcia was very particular about her wine and flowers , and she had actually kicked henrietta out of her house once for picking up some cheap roses from the supermarket and a carton of beer .
you could try flowers , patrick suggested helpfully .
but as brick stood there so close to the flower patch that his boots were covered in mulch , he had such a steely and determined look on his face that it appeared he was ready to take on a dragon .
she had used to bring him flowers , when she was very small and he was learning the spear .
tears formed again , and she stroked the material , remembering how her mother had embroidered the delicate flowers on the arms .
shrieking as two of them dropped a garland of flowers around her neck , the crowd roared in laughter and stamped their feet in approval as the scantily clad women turned and twisted on the rope , touching and tantalizing all .
he wanted to treat her like a lady and shower her with flowers , while the baser side of him wanted to consume her , taste her skin , feel her wrapped around him .
the flowers were dying , the trees and bushes brown and lifeless .
ivy wove around the furniture and flowers spurted from the rugs , hundreds and hundreds of flowers ; he could smell almonds , nutty and rich , mixed with the freshness of lemons .
ivy wove around the furniture and flowers spurted from the rugs , hundreds and hundreds of flowers ; he could smell almonds , nutty and rich , mixed with the freshness of lemons .
the flowers faded and the ivy withered .
beside him , the king took hold of the cluster of flowers .
the children liked to come and hear the stories of many nations , and they brought with them little handfuls of grasses and flowers from the plain to put in beakers around the room for those who were too weak to go out there themselves .
he had tried not to fall in love at all , but he was drawn to marans joy in life like a flower growing to the sun , and with as little choice .
korsten turned as he walked to be certain no one nor anything was following him , then jogged toward the main house , treading over grass and path alike , along with any flower beds that lay along the most direct route to the front door .
he would be more than thrilled to suffer lady camireys squealing at him for tromping through her flowers , because she would have to be alive in order to do it .
tell her i m admiring her flowers , if she asks .
it may be that well have to finalize the bond perforce , someone said , drawing merrans attention outward and his touch away from the delicate flower with showy red petals he had been absently fingering .
there were suddenly flowers all around him and a network of trellises arcing over stone pathways , draped with blossoming vines .
his slim fingers cupped the fragile petals with graceful caution and he leaned toward the flower as if to kiss it .
and then he straightened , slowly releasing the carefully captured flower .
these flowers were identical to their neighbors , near and distant ... and yet they were different somehow .
he stepped back , letting the flower slip from his hand .
the flowers , korsten clarified , looking back over his shoulder at vassenleigh when he was sure merran had spotted him .
the sun had come up over a city largely known throughout edrinor as a necropolis and korsten still had not made sense of the matter , the flowers or the fact that he had been , one way or another , drawn into the world of magecraft .
if there are so many different colors along the spectrum of magic and the flowers either lament or keep dead mages , why should they all be red ?
of course , the flowers contained the essence of deceased mages .
he did nt look too bad off , for a despondent student of magic , who d been taking in far too much of a certain flower that contained the souls of dead people .
how could a flower alter a life so drastically ?
ashwin frowned at the flower hanging before him .
phillip nodded , and began to gauge how much time it would take to reach the first landmark , a place marks by a flower and the words fairy circle .
it was only after he spoke to birds , bobcats , and even flowers when we figured out it was other speech . ''
suddenly , the throne glowed white - hot , and the tip of my nose , which was touching a flower as i bent over it , got a small burn on the end .
with a little bit of magic , a flower had been enchanted to match the flowing colors .
closing her eyes , she sat up , wrapped one of the blankets around her and reached to take the sheet off the flower .
she reached back into her tent and grabbed the flower in the corner .
the light of her flower sent an unnatural aura around its body .
after he pounded back and put nova down in front of her tent , the flower fell beside her .
nova had laid out her fur blankets and books and set the small light flower in the back .
the flower was tattered from being thrown on the ground the night before .
the pile hid the fading glow of her light flower as it closed its pedals for the day .
they had a soft glow of light flowers seen through their small rounded windows .
chapter 3 when we arrived back at mancos house , manco swept his hands across the dinning table sending napkins and flowers to the floor .
flowers began blooming all around us and the branches of the willow trees swayed back and forth even though the air was still .
i m guessing that whoevers inside is nt about to deliver flowers to the happy couple .
my subjects were throwing flowers into the street , mostly wild flowers .
my subjects were throwing flowers into the street , mostly wild flowers .
but as i stepped off the docks and onto the dusty road , a purple flower with yellow and pink leaves fell at my feet .
i had never seen such a flower .
i looked at the flower , then back at him .
i wrapped my fingers around the flowers stem .
the man that had thrown the mysterious flower !
i sat the flower i had been holding for the last half - hour down on the chair as lashebah shook her head and sat back down at the table .
the man who had thrown the flower .
even though i had been forbidden to have anything more to do with the strange flower soea had thrown me , i had brought it .
it took delirious moments to even become conscious of what had happened the flowers liquid hat eaten through most of my skirt , leaving it in tatters .
you drank the flower ?
what kind of flower was that ?
you know what would have happened with that flower in the water very serious .
he looked so friendly and helpful , just like he had that day when he threw the flower at my feet .
and nothin with flowers in it , now .
the flowers were landscaped impeccably .
she looked beautiful in her gold , flower patterned , black dress and leather trousers .
fountains and flowers greeted me all the way .
drooping lace curtains , bright crystal vase of cut flowers languishing on the varnished oak sill .
a new plan mito wandered in the next day , looking as if she had just been for a stroll in the garden , a small bouquet of flowers in her hand .
normally , a man of my station is pleased to enter the garden in the evening to find his daughter playing music , reading poetry , or arranging flowers .
its horrid smell vanished and was replaced by the tender fragrance of flowers , which really seemed to upset it .
he bowed and from out behind his back he handed her a bunch of wild flowers .
he put the flowers behind his back , and they vanished from sight .
the next day he returned and again offered her his smile and flowers .
i have examined the shoes closely over the years , running my fingers over the etched flowers and the small fox that looks to be frolicking in the flowers .
i have examined the shoes closely over the years , running my fingers over the etched flowers and the small fox that looks to be frolicking in the flowers .
often when i am in distress , i gather them in my arms and trace the flowers with my fingers , feeling the grooves with my fingers , and , maybe it is my imagination , but i feel warmth and energy in the shoes .
in the dim moonlight , i could see some buds of flowers coming up out of the dirt by the side of the trail , and the path ahead looked clear and somewhat used .
running quickly across the field , i could see a fox rushing into a flower bed , its tail bushy and bright .
we strolled through the garden , watching workers tend to the flowers and trim the large bushes .
in her hands , she held a bouquet of fresh flowers from the side garden .
i took the flowers from her and smelled them .
i walked next to the flowers and , being barefoot , watched my step , being sure not to step in a way that i might stumble and hurt myself .
never could he look in the mirror and admit how he used people , tossed them aside and then moved on , flitting like a butterfly in the sun , drinking from flower to flower and never resting long .
i am lord of the fey and i have powers to transcend time and can float through the dew drops on flowers on a summer morning .
she is arranging a few silvery , sparkling artificial flowers in a vase on the shelf .
not the vernacularly available flowers , but unique looking teal , golden , silver and some other weird colored flowers.another section obtains shelf decorating items like a pen stand , or maybe a clock .
well , he was nt exactly all flowers and rainbows but in his defense he is always like that .
hers had a picture of a cactus flower on it , while robs had a print of an old family photo on it .
her beautiful garden was littered with debris and drifts of dust , flowers were missing half of their petals , and a broken tree branch from a neighbor 's yard had pummeled one of the cacti .
from here she could see the flowers on the orchid tree in the backyard .
said colette , picking a flower and looking at it .
i wanted to do loads to her , then she looked at a flower on the grass , almost camouflaged in the dark .
raddia whispered , equally enthralled by lorns words as by the sight of his bare hands , the long pale fingers like flower stems bending to some inner breeze .
that was why , when gallan and raddia stepped out of the cabin , and following the collective gaze of the people crowding the scarlet gardens and flower copses looked up to the sky , they were seized by an unutterable fear .
although their ephemeral existence had been known for centuries , no one quite knew exactly what these most peculiar beings were ; the commonest belief was that they were spirits who had somehow fallen to the earth and that was why their appearance was so startling and their sojourn in the human world so very brief ; this was also the reason why so many feeres worshipped them , considering their inexplicable , unpredictable manifestations a sign of their spiritness , and why the cave where they always materialized had over time become a sacred place , visited by hundreds of people even though most of the time it was empty , and suggestive of the seers passing only by the desiccated flowers , rancid food , long - extinguished molten candles and numerous votive objects and valuables left there by previous believers - offerings which ( or so the stories went ) remained entirely untouched by the seers , as though they were afraid of sullying their heavenly essence with the taint of all things human .
because , ever since they had emerged from the milk , they d been taught to dread the touch of even a flower on their bare skin ; told that contact begets perdition .
listen to me , my sweet , she said , and the boy stopped crying almost at once , turning to the sole female presence like a light - starved flower towards the sun .
i gather its their version of the spirits , or gods ; either way , she says that a few years ago it suddenly vanished behind the clouds ; and then ... and then ashes started to fall from the sky , bitter black ashes that poisoned the trees and the grass and the flowers till they all died ; and then the animals died too , for they had nothing to feed on ... and the only creatures that survived were men and fish ; if it were nt for the fish , she says , man would have died off as well , and not just from hunger , but because ... many took to eating human flesh .
it was a petal , a single flower petal , and there could nt be a surer sign than its wonderful smell .
heaps of wilting flowers covered the mound of dirt that marked his grave .
plastic flowers , some bright and cheery , others faded and frayed , marked the graves of his eternal neighbors .
the occasional plastic angel or cross or vase , tilted or fallen over , were sprinkled among the clusters of forgotten flowers .
there were bookshelves full of brick - a - brack , papers piled on tables , throw rugs on top of carpeting , a crowded mantle over the fireplace , vases full of dried flowers , folk - sy , country art on the walls , and seemingly endless frilly pillows on the over - stuffed , flower print sofa .
now , on his birthday , a bouquet of plastic flowers gripped tightly in her hand , she stood over his grave and stared down at the earth which had settled around it .
and she threw the flowers down at the grave stone and stomped them with her feet into the earth above his rotting corpse .
he paused for a moment in the open garden of the cloister , mourning for the flowers and the bushes that would no longer be there once the battle begun .
but ifferon was glad , for herrdon had found a small cavern that cut deep into a hill , and there ifferon sat beside the dancing flowers and rested his weary back against the softness of the grasses .
he distracted himself with the beauty of the flowers lining the hill , but his meditation was broken by herrdons sudden movement .
and then the image wilted , as if it was but one great flower , trampled by a horses hooves or heavy feet .
it showed no sign of dispersing , but while herrdon and yavn started to wander forth , ifferons eyes fell upon the little flowers by the opening of their resting place .
the little flowers , so joyous in celebration of life the day before , lay dead upon the grasstrampled , as if by heavy boots .
i d hate to die for a flower .
for us ferian , of the algarth especially , know the danger that waylays leave , for where is secrecy and stealth when flowers and trees sprout up about ones feet ?
needing to feel a little girly , she slipped on her ballerina flats with the gold and pink flowers .
she looked at the flowers she was holding .
back in the kitchen , he made a few plates fall out and crash to the floor , sent a pan fly across the room to shatter a framed photo of flowers .
the hills , the flower patch , the pond ; they were all in her very own backyard !
` ` hey , i saw some strange flowers in the back yesterday , and i forgot to tell you about it !
i could hear spring birds chirping , and there was a gentle wind caressing the flowers and the grass .
chapter five silas and i walked in silence for a long time , and we stopped when the little purple flowers met a dirt road .
an assortment of flowers and bushes lined the edges of the yard .
i woke up one spring morning and discovered our front yard full of the most beautiful little flowers i had ever seen .
these are dandelions , not flowers . ''
` ` let 's find us some water for these precious little flowers . ''
` ` it 's just a little oasis of sorts , with a big pond , some trees , flowers .
he scanned the purple flowers all about him as we walked , and every now and then he 'd stop and tenderly rub a petal between his fingers .
chapter twenty - five april showers and may flowers had both come and gone .
hundreds of years later there 's still at least a little tiny whiff of fragrance of a flower long since wilted . ''
taking it out , he held the branch and grabbed a few clinging light flowers that hung low overhead .
this is a hollum tree , so - vah said as he started to wrap the vines of the flowers around and through the cracks in the branch .
some of their small rounded windows had a feint white glow from light flowers left behind .
i weave my way past elaborately tended flower beds and along the edge of a lily pad filled pond , where families feed a crowd of hungry ducks , and a fountain spills over a stone mermaid in the centre .
now were ready to face thrax , i find it reassuring that your magical abilities extend beyond juggling apples and pulling flowers from your sleeve .
he was right ; the girl in a simple , plain , white cotton dress , with a crown of flowers , was standing still , allowing them to shackle her ankles to the standing stone .
kota gestured toward the base of the tower , where flowers and bushes dotted the circle of green around it .
right on the ground , no feet or fancy yellow footboard with fiddly flowers and bits .
outside , a moderately sized monster stood with a bundle of flowers and a sheepish grin , his shoulders filling the whole frame .
you do nt really seem like a flowers and chocolate kind of girl , but i got these for you anyway .
half bewildered , charlie accepted the bundle of flowers , took one look at them and laughedfucking laughedlike she did it all the time .
she just kept on smiling , holding a bunch of paper flowers and all right , yeah , it was a clever gift for a girl like her , but but oh wow , mason said , catching sight of his shelves and his telly and his tables and his carpet and his fucking flat .
she plunked the fat yellow vase full of fat yellow flowers down on the coffee table .
like the kind of thing he d expect a girl to have in her apartment , a yarn afghan folded on the back , a pillow at the far end with some kind of flower on it .
and since lily was pretty much the coolest human being to ever exist , they made a really kick - ass team , and a kick - ass team like them would not be pretending to look at the wilted and possibly plague - ridden flowers outside his decrepit apartment building on the grounds no one notices how beautiful things are until things like this happen .
clearing a weed - infested flower garden at the edge of the house , which clung at their clothing with its cruel , looking thorns , they desperately ran for the wall of shadowy oaks .
i dreamed i was dancing with a big floral dress , but with real flowers stitched in it !
above the archway was a stone face of beautiful maiden with flowers in her hair , etched with such fine detail that jack swore it would open its eyes at any moment .
it sounded like children laughing , like flowers growing and rain falling .
you are a solitary desert flower , ramose whispered in the silence , his eyes shut .
the desert flower survives because of patience .
white marble atlantean statuessome missing limbs , but all covered in webs of fine cracksstood forlornly in each corner , leaning on golden tridents at the base of little flower gardens .
i see the desert flower has learned the valuable lesson of leaving lamp - grass alone to avoid their nasty sting , cloak said mockingly , stepping out from behind a gloam and surprising the couple .
she could almost feel the cool breeze on her face and smell the fresh flowers that bloomed year - round back then .
i eaves dwopped on you in flower bed and heard everything you said !
lamek always kept flowers in his room because he said they reminded him of the pwetty fairwies .
he gives me the creeps , especially the way he watches us when we dance in the flower beds as if he were hypnotized or something .
i m telling you i do nt want to marry you ; i want to leave the castle and return to my family in the flower bed .
they will search for you , so do nt weturn to the flower bed .
lamek watched the two of them take flight and quickly disappear in the direction of the flower bed .
therefore , since you can not control yourself in the presence of fairies , you are forbidden to enter the flower bed to watch them anymore .
either way , i hope she was smart enough not to go back to the flower bed .
the first place the dragons searched was the flower bed where karini lived .
one of the fairies in the flower bed told them that karinis only living relatives were renny and flini .
i can tell you that she would not jeopardize the lives of all the fairies by hiding in any of the flower beds .
ocamar may have spies watching the flower beds .
nevaeh continued , karini , it is not safe for you to return to the flower beds to summon the fairies , so i am going to ask the fireflies to do so .
once nevaeh had explained to the fireflies in yelkwood forest what she needed them to do , they wasted no time in flying to the flower beds to summon the fairies .
a large group of the fireflies performed a spectacular light show to divert the attention of ocamars spies assigned to watch the flower beds for karinis return , while other fireflies quietly went door to door communicating nevaehs message to the fairies .
remember , you are not allowed to go to the flower bed , just to yelkwood forest .
my wife liked to go up to the top of the mountains to pick flowers and berries .
every spice , every flower , some crossbred and found nowhere else in the world .
this one was singing to a young sickly flower vine .
the rounded a corner and on their right was a courtyard , the centre decorated with a neatly cut lawn and many flowers .
as they walked up to them one of the flowers turned its head hello young people , such a pleasure to see you , it said in a lilting voice jared and the others jumped and one boy squeaked in fear .
the plant turned its face to a neighbouring flower and in a whisper said , serena , we have visitors .
before jared could reply the flowers all straightened as tall as they could go and raised themselves up .
my house has protection , the plants and flowers are able to detect and subdue intruders .
passing more flowers and a group of what looked like chickens but with exotic rainbow colours on their feathers .
this way is obviously better , there has been more rain this side of the wood so there will almost certainly be more flowers .
she found the flowers like she had said she would .
sophie roberts was facing him at the other end , flowers in her hair and wearing a purple silk nightdress that moved slightly from a gentle breeze .
sophie was now fully aware of what was going on and she frantically glanced around and down at her own body , the flowers in her hair tumbling to the floor and then passing through it and vanishing as the room pulsated into nothingness again .
he hit it and fell hard , landing in the many multi - coloured flowers in the elaborate garden , his heavily armoured body crushing the delicate petals and stalks .
bue leaned with back against the scorched marble wall , in the remains of what had once been a luscious bed of flowers .
all the flowers were gone now , their stalks twisted ash and their petals merely a memory .
he moved to where bue was resting , one hand protectively placed over his crossbow , his pack resting in the black ruins of a flower bed where he had placed his head .
all across the flower bed the earth changed and tiny plant shoots erupted from it .
the smell of the bouquet was intoxicating , like ten times more wonderful than the aroma of a flower shop back home .
he turned back to his side and the flowers were now fully grown , waving gently .
as she looked at different things they would change or flowers would bloom from the formerly barren vases and pots .
they passed the ornamental flower beds and she saw the fountain to her right .
a flower that has no leaves has no need for natural sustenance , which makes it mystical , and very , very rare .
you 're ca nt risk your life for a flowers potential that 's only ever been spoken about in folklore .
it 's alright - it 's alright - still he continued , getting ever nearer to the little flower and ever further from sure footing .
something moved in the corner of her eye and she turned to see a woman leaning over a bush of those red flowers , inhaling the scent .
the womans gaze passed from the flowers to leyna , who dropped her eyes , feeling rude to have been staring .
the flower you were climbing for ?
the woman brushed her fingers against the pretty little flower with no leaves .
the woman unhooked a little pouch from her waist and picked a few of the flowers , placing them carefully within it .
with a soft smile , the woman left leyna alone by the pool , surrounded by mystical flowers in their overwhelming scent , and stunned by the incredulity of the situation .
quickly she yanked open the pouch the elegant woman had given her in the garden and tore out of it the flowers .
her fingers felt for it , and when the blood flowed slower beneath the pressure of them she forced the flower down onto it .
unsure of how much she would need she ripped a few petals from the second flower , added it to the wound and pressed her palms down hard on it - leyna .
the flower that heals only that which should be healed .
if the healing flower did n't save him , would they ?
the healing flower ?
that 's what flowers do .
a ring of pretty flowers popped itself over leynas head and the fragrance washed over her , making her smile .
there were two larisien women now surrounding them , one holding a handful of the flower rings and the other holding an ink pot and brush .
a flower in mahrken , leyna said , recalling something shed read in melines dictionary of prenitian names .
looking down , below the window in the flowerbed a huge , black stain had appeared and the flowers around it were dead .
where is it leyna , where s the flower ?
lets bury him here among the flowers .
aloysia handed him a bunch of flowers bound together by a strip of cloth before kissing him softly .
lets remain and leave in the morning , fanchon said as he placed the flowers on the mound of dirt .
he noticed that the flowers were all withered and dried up .
he left more flowers on jerrons grave before they continued their journey but noticed they seemed to immediately begin to wilt .
he felt intense curiosity drawing him forward as he led the group directly south across the field of flowers to the forest on the other side .
well , i hate to rain on your parade , but its not always flowers and stars .
at one point , tatiana took in the beauty of the flowers before her , only to notice that one flower was out of place .
julian had seen tatiana sitting alone in a field of wild flowers .
an array of what was quite possibly every flower that any had ever known , encompassed every inch of thy flooring below .
not only could they detect the sweet scented perfumes to thousands and thousands of flowers , but the aromas of cinnamon , ginger , licorice , lemon , lime , and nutmeg , just to name a few , swarmed thy gentle winds also .
the people of parescence were very good at grafting , melding two , sometimes three species of plant and or flower , to create something altogether unique .
her hair was in piggy tails while flowers weaved into her every pleat .
gliding softly through the magic of thy forest , prima found enchantment within the wakening of some sleeping flowers , their petals arousing to primas gentle touch .
the flowers would open and close as though they too were acknowledging her presence .
on days when my mother and i went to see father sun rise , puksikal tok was already at the east acantun giving copal incense and dropping scented flowers into the sacred fire .
this , too , is the magic of the priest : on each holy day , on every holy day , he went with flowers in his hands to the five acantuns and knelt and took down the old flowers that hung on the standing stones and put up the new ones .
this , too , is the magic of the priest : on each holy day , on every holy day , he went with flowers in his hands to the five acantuns and knelt and took down the old flowers that hung on the standing stones and put up the new ones .
` ` he gives blood for the people , he renews the flowers and says the prayers and leads the ceremonies , '' i said .
there were no trees growing in the stone plazas , no flowers or vines on the pyramids .
my mother and father said little about this , but i grieved for her and her flowers .
so this is what i did : i went to the hut of the wise - woman herbalist , and with three bright , clear pebbles i had found by the river i bought from her some of her colorful flowers my mother so admired .
after that day i was more watchful of my mother , and when i could see that her spirit was trying to leave , i gave her flowers or tiny hummingbird feathers i found , or other such things , to ease her burdens and keep her spirit close to our village .
these are valuable to trade to young women , for flowers and other things , and so i said thanks to lady insect for the skins of her children , and returned to my home .
we say a persons life is their white flower , it is the soul that gives us life in the beginning and the soul that departs back to the world tree when we die , to be born again .
moon can see the white flower that lives in the young womans heart .
your creations are all small things , birds and butterflies and flowers .
your brother has found ways to cut the sacred cord and shrivel the white flower souls of your people , down there in the world , says moon .
he takes that flower in his mouth and plucks it as fine as day , and then back down the trunk he goes .
when they were leaving i walked with them a little way and asked their speaker to carry a few private words for me : i have tied flowers to the tail of the quetzal , to keep it close .
there were twenty of those boys , and their names were : wukool , or seven thought oxtulkis , or three farter hunuhatz'chak , or first lightning chinga'anak ' , or broken tongue k'uk'umatlatla , or feathered spear thrower huumchakximbal , or thunder walker iktz'ib , or written in the wind chanka'ay , or little song yaxch'ok , or new sprout ikak'ot , or wind dance huumchak - kal , or thunder voice seektok , or fast flint batzk'aay , or howler song chank'iik , or little blood ki'ix , or thorn chaknik , or red flower hoitz , or five essence mehenpech , or little tick ekpiitoo , or black flute sakoch , or white opossum ` ` our fathers will never teach us to become men , '' one of the boys said .
i went to the river and collected some wild flowers and put them in an urn for my mother , then i took all my things to the storytellers hut .
that same evening ah - puch went into the dreams of the chilam balam of saktun - nal , whose name was wak nikob , six flowers , and told him that the men of the valley were calling sorcery against the white stones .
our priest performed sacrifices of turkeys and flowers , copal and his own blood to strengthen the guardian stones for our village .
such were my thoughts , in that place of flower - scented herbs and dried blood .
burn their gift and take flowers to our mother .
so i kept my face down and went to the river and picked scented flowers , three handfuls of purple and golden and white flowers , and a little green for the quetzal - birds my mother longed for .
so i kept my face down and went to the river and picked scented flowers , three handfuls of purple and golden and white flowers , and a little green for the quetzal - birds my mother longed for .
in their outstretched hands the children carry white lily flowers from the quiet places on the rivers .
if we have been forgetful , do n't punish them if we have been neglectful , do n't close their path let them come savor the essence of incense let them come savor the essence of flowers oh , mother !
their fathers take the white flowers and set them on the altar , and they float in the blood left by the sacrifice of the sorcerors .
the flowers draw up the blood , they turn red and drop into the sky .
the white flowers fell , and the blood flowed between the generations .
she wept more than people of the valley like to see , flowers and scoldings and the touches of my father did little for her .
those were the ones who bargained for flowers for their hair and bright paint for their toenails and their faces .
lets go to my grandfathers shop and see what he is working on , begged vandor , seeing kayla sitting in the flowers .
she was a true flower child ; for she dwelt among them always , like they were her very family .
he found kayla sitting among the flowers behind her home near the edge of the east of nesal , as she often did .
she seemed most unaware of his approach , singing and picking flowers , while holding them close to her nose .
the flowers gave you away dear vandor , she slyly replied .
she looked up from the flowers , for me ?
freshness filled the air that overshadowed the smell of the flowers .
i love you desire for the supernatural rayhold saw vandor kiss kayla among the flowers , as he slipped into the oaks and sycamores around the village .
by the age of thirteen she had boys swarming around her like she was a flower and they were bees .
at the age of thirteen where giselle was a flower , i was more like a bottle of bug poison .
he used to write her notes and give her flowers and stuff .
most first - bakers owned carts in the central market , but ward came from a prestigious family and had amassed a generous amount of pel that he used to purchase a former flower shop along the tennerblane river in the north district where several of the more well - established businesses resided .
one moment it smells human and the next of home , cinnamon , rain and fresh cut flowers .
more gifts , more samples , more cake tasting , more flower sniffing , more - more - more .
her dress is cut in a typical victorian ball gown with the same tear - shaped bells creating a motive of flowers all around the upper layer of the dress , the lower layer as red as the silk flowers pinned to the seats .
her dress is cut in a typical victorian ball gown with the same tear - shaped bells creating a motive of flowers all around the upper layer of the dress , the lower layer as red as the silk flowers pinned to the seats .
for the girl , i created a lilly flower made of glass to go on a charcoal black bracelet .
on my window frame , the wolf now looks like it shifts between female and male , the pelt around it has a tiny wild curl here and there and is framed with a pattern that looks like logs and growing flowers , the same as my walls .
my hands reach for the flowers and there is no way to hide the shaking .
i turn with the flowers clutched against my chest hoping they would cover the erratic beating in there .
the flowers make their way into the vase and i have to concentrate hard on holding it tight while carrying it out and placing it on the single empty shelf of my bookcase .
how can you see yourself as the monster in my life when all i see is a flower blooming in front of me ?
it would nt be yours if it did nt have that flower somewhere , lilly says and i ca nt suppress the bubbling titter .
i snip more and more flowers as i walk .
when i get to a ceremonial altar , i turn with a giggle to look at the pretty flowers behind me .
they were flowers !
lady e , dainty as a flower , steps around the doorway .
yeah , i also stocked their fridge andwell , come , there s more when john drags me to the living room , it is filled with the most beautiful flowers .
liam gets back to me with a tray , upon which is a flower and breakfast .
you are a blossoming flower yourself .
for a moment , i think that it looks so beautiful , like a flower growing and waiting to bloom .
her joy it was to sing and dance through the wooded vales in mist and shadow , to whisper with the flowers of the garden when they were aglow with the morning sun , and to share secrets with the little birds that trilled in the hedges .
there grows a flower that is said to cure even death itself , but the price to pick them is great .
he frowned , how then are these flowers to reach the lady if i am not to return ?
as they traveled , asked he , could you not pluck these flowers to save your friend ?
she could not harvest the flowers herself , but she could certainly help the boy in other ways and much did she ease the tedium and difficulty of travel with her magical talents and companionship , until at last , after a rather uneventful and relatively pleasant journey , they arrived upon the hills that bordered the verge of the world .
said she , thence must you go once you have plucked the flowers .
they drew to the very edge and he reached into the mist , taking up a humble clump of what looked to be no more exotic a flower than what was commonly called lily - of - the - valley .
he smiled and tried to draw his arm back from the mist , but could not withdraw it ; he looked to the fairy in concern , said she , you must fully enter the mist and then hand me the flowers from within its confines .
do not go too far in or you and the flowers will be lost to the mortal world !
his heart gave a strange quiver as the mist fully enfolded him but he knew he could now hand off the flowers .
she pointed to a large white water lily that seemed to glow in the moonlight and sighed , ah good knight , would you fetch for me that fair flower ?
the knight , bound by some strange chivalric oath to obey at once any command of any lady in distress , immediately halted his horse , dismounted , and began the treacherous journey towards the much wanted flower , but he soon found himself in distress , for cumbered as he was by the weight of armor and weapons , he soon began to sink in the lakes muddy bottom and could neither move forward nor back .
but the legions of inquisitors and knights of the ministry were sweet spring flowers compared to the sheer cliff of suicide that anna was so casually walking towards .
a woman , well - dressed and well - kept fluttered about the grassy islands , trying to pick the yellow buds from the flowers .
or , you can just go on trying to pick flowers if you want .
the old man could hardly get enough of him now and he had taken to eym like a flower takes to the sun .
she let out a little giggle and proceeded to put the flower in her hair .
like seriously , who ( besides nature fanatics ) has flowers on their house ?
i gave a small gasp and took the flower .
it may have been just a flower , but for some reason it meant the world to me .
i looked at ben and giggled , putting the flower in my hair .
with each simple word , he became the rising sun and she the flower bending its neck to feel the warmth .
iseo lay like a wilted flower on a sea of white linen .
mr . marlin suddenly stopped and looked sharply at a girl who always wore clothes having massive tangles of flowers and vines on them .
there was just a bunch of boring text about daisies and other flowers , and how fields of flowers often had butterflies and bees swarming around .
there was just a bunch of boring text about daisies and other flowers , and how fields of flowers often had butterflies and bees swarming around .
marlin waved his wand , and suddenly the knives became flower petals , all of which fluttered in a shower to the floor .
they threw white flowers along the road as he went , a gesture of blessing as old as thyrion itself .
other books by jenna van vleet the father of the fifth age series the castrofax breaking stars unlocking void chasing bloodlines felling kingdoms dedicated to : kyle van vleet , who knew i was crazy but married me anywaywhich makes you crazier chapter 1 the flower bloomed and died and bloomed again in gabriels palm .
snapping his wrist , he fueled it to make the flower bloom again from the shriveled curls .
i am not a man who enjoys flowers , no .
you must bring him into your deepest cellar and surround him with herbs and strong smelling flowers .
they were standing in a beautiful garden surrounded by the most wonderful flowers .
for instead of a knife there was a flower clasped in the wily fighters hand .
i accept your apology , he leaned forward and deftly took the flower from rats hand .
it smelled of decadence and the grave grim yearnings of the human soul regardless of the fresh white roses on the flower table and the painting of botticelli angels hanging above them .
if we lived after death , it was as fertilizer for the flowers on our grave or dinner for the worms .
the creek gurgled , rushing through the flower gardens .
the words emerge between the motionless lips of his death - mask and the stench of rotting flowers is overpowering .
and there , the elegant flower - shop where for months he s pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she catches his gaze on her , for his gaze is focused past the flowers on one of the three florists , honey - blonde and slim , more graceful than all the flowers in the world , and then , finally , one june day ( roses displayed now ) , he summons up courage and pushes the door open , another jangle , the bell , the three aproned girls twittering in french no more comprehensible to him than the twittering of the two love - birds in the great gilded cage and louise ( he is louis and she is louise , hell say to her later and say it could nt be coincidence ) smiles shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsels his bouquet and later tells him she was jealous of the girl the bouquet was for , not knowing then that it was a pretext .
and there , the elegant flower - shop where for months he s pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she catches his gaze on her , for his gaze is focused past the flowers on one of the three florists , honey - blonde and slim , more graceful than all the flowers in the world , and then , finally , one june day ( roses displayed now ) , he summons up courage and pushes the door open , another jangle , the bell , the three aproned girls twittering in french no more comprehensible to him than the twittering of the two love - birds in the great gilded cage and louise ( he is louis and she is louise , hell say to her later and say it could nt be coincidence ) smiles shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsels his bouquet and later tells him she was jealous of the girl the bouquet was for , not knowing then that it was a pretext .
and there , the elegant flower - shop where for months he s pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she catches his gaze on her , for his gaze is focused past the flowers on one of the three florists , honey - blonde and slim , more graceful than all the flowers in the world , and then , finally , one june day ( roses displayed now ) , he summons up courage and pushes the door open , another jangle , the bell , the three aproned girls twittering in french no more comprehensible to him than the twittering of the two love - birds in the great gilded cage and louise ( he is louis and she is louise , hell say to her later and say it could nt be coincidence ) smiles shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsels his bouquet and later tells him she was jealous of the girl the bouquet was for , not knowing then that it was a pretext .
and there , the elegant flower - shop where for months he s pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she catches his gaze on her , for his gaze is focused past the flowers on one of the three florists , honey - blonde and slim , more graceful than all the flowers in the world , and then , finally , one june day ( roses displayed now ) , he summons up courage and pushes the door open , another jangle , the bell , the three aproned girls twittering in french no more comprehensible to him than the twittering of the two love - birds in the great gilded cage and louise ( he is louis and she is louise , hell say to her later and say it could nt be coincidence ) smiles shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsels his bouquet and later tells him she was jealous of the girl the bouquet was for , not knowing then that it was a pretext .
margie is one of the telephone operators , pretty in a wholesome mid - western way , corn - flower blue eyes , corn - tassel blonde hair , off an iowa farm like himself and methodist too and inevitably hell end up by marrying her , which he does nt suspect at the time because of louise behind the flowers and whom he soon gets to know away from the flowers .
margie is one of the telephone operators , pretty in a wholesome mid - western way , corn - flower blue eyes , corn - tassel blonde hair , off an iowa farm like himself and methodist too and inevitably hell end up by marrying her , which he does nt suspect at the time because of louise behind the flowers and whom he soon gets to know away from the flowers .
margie is one of the telephone operators , pretty in a wholesome mid - western way , corn - flower blue eyes , corn - tassel blonde hair , off an iowa farm like himself and methodist too and inevitably hell end up by marrying her , which he does nt suspect at the time because of louise behind the flowers and whom he soon gets to know away from the flowers .
now its just scraps , like eating oysters with a marvelous boy , a street at twilight , a bridge , a public garden with flowers and butterflies on them , i do nt know what color .
or flowers of any kind .
in whatever direction she goes , running now , the flowers rot with fury .
later , she turns a corner and finds herself face to face with him and the smell of rotting flowers .
stares and imagines on the other side of it the elegant flower - shop where for months he d pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she caught his gaze on her and now , this june day on the other side of the pure white wall , hell push the door open on the three aproned girls twittering in french and louise will smile shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsel his bouquet and this time hell know she s jealous of the girl she thinks the bouquets for but its for her as shell discover an hour later at closing time when she comes out and finds him there ( the past corrected by hindsight into a new future ) with the flowers and also with the gold ring cleaned of muck , earned by a lifetime of suffering here , waiting for her , her honey hair and shy smile .
stares and imagines on the other side of it the elegant flower - shop where for months he d pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she caught his gaze on her and now , this june day on the other side of the pure white wall , hell push the door open on the three aproned girls twittering in french and louise will smile shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsel his bouquet and this time hell know she s jealous of the girl she thinks the bouquets for but its for her as shell discover an hour later at closing time when she comes out and finds him there ( the past corrected by hindsight into a new future ) with the flowers and also with the gold ring cleaned of muck , earned by a lifetime of suffering here , waiting for her , her honey hair and shy smile .
stares and imagines on the other side of it the elegant flower - shop where for months he d pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she caught his gaze on her and now , this june day on the other side of the pure white wall , hell push the door open on the three aproned girls twittering in french and louise will smile shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsel his bouquet and this time hell know she s jealous of the girl she thinks the bouquets for but its for her as shell discover an hour later at closing time when she comes out and finds him there ( the past corrected by hindsight into a new future ) with the flowers and also with the gold ring cleaned of muck , earned by a lifetime of suffering here , waiting for her , her honey hair and shy smile .
by this time there s no room for anybody else in his mind except louise in her flower shop .
next to the crmerie , even though he ca nt make out daffodil - yellow or pansy - blue or rose - pink in the fog , that must be the flower shop .
then he pitches forward again in diminishing hope past the blurred antique shop and fish store and crmerie and flower shop and horse head to the door clicking open .
that happens maybe years later , for seasons have gone by , he thinks , marked by the changing bouquets of the flower shop as he hops and hops , shuttles and shuttles , square 2 , april daffodils , hop hop , square 1 , the door , square 3 , may tulips , hop hop the door , the horse head round and round , square 1 , hop hop , june roses , high summer , no rs in the months , no more oysters in the fish store , hop hop , square 2 , all saints day chrysanthemums , hop hop , door , holly - wreaths now , the door , always the same , the door he can never open , hop hop hop hop , no hope , hope , hope .
for louis its the flower shop in a street whose name he s forgotten and had never been able to pronounce , with a bouquet to be bought again but for a new recipient , the slim honey - blonde seller of it .
for both , as for seymour , there s the terrible cold , the terrible heat , everything twisty and heaving and blurred and the approach , past hard - to - recognize landmarks , to the flower shop door for louis , to the portal of the cathedral for margaret .
but unlike seymours incidental flower shop , there s nothing to mark the change of seasons in louis essential flower shop .
but unlike seymours incidental flower shop , there s nothing to mark the change of seasons in louis essential flower shop .
he stares at the bugs and the flowers , thankful that at least the grass and the bugs and the flowers are the same .
he stares at the bugs and the flowers , thankful that at least the grass and the bugs and the flowers are the same .
to say nothing of the later things he d visited there so often with marie - claude and so did nt need a guidebook for : notre dame , the flower and the bird markets , the conciergerie , those future things and that future girl maybe only a few hundred yards from where he sits , now weeping , separated from her by thousands of years and death .
finally he recalls that , of course , he has a landmark to guide him , a holy skyline two - in - one landmark : the spire of the american church in paris where he d thank the lord not only for this steady blue sky and sunshine but also and mainly because if he finds that right church hell know the way to the embassy and then to her flower shop .
all he has to do , then , is find the river and stand in the middle of a bridge and hell be sure to see , upstream or downstream , the spire of the right church that will lead him to the embassy and then to the flower shop and louise and allow him to use his two surviving phrases in french .
if he follows a sloping street he s sure to find it , sure to find a bridge and from the bridge see the spire of the right church and from the right church find the embassy and from the embassy find the street with the flower shop between the toy shop and the corset shop and finally hell be able to say : tu es jolie , louise .
he does nt know why he wants the river , ca nt remember its for a bridge to see the right spire to get to the embassy to get to the street with the flower shop between the toyshop and the corset shop to give his sweetheart the gold ring .
he s lost the river , the bridge , the church spire , the embassy , and what all of these secondary things lead up to , the flower shop and his darling .
in the crook of her arm lie withered flowers she must have salvaged from a nearby garbage heap .
at the sight of those flowers , with the love lament going on behind him , it all comes back to him ; the slope to the river , the bridge , the view from it of the spire of the right church , the way from the church to the embassy , the way from the embassy to the street with fresh flowers in the windows and his sweetheart inside .
at the sight of those flowers , with the love lament going on behind him , it all comes back to him ; the slope to the river , the bridge , the view from it of the spire of the right church , the way from the church to the embassy , the way from the embassy to the street with fresh flowers in the windows and his sweetheart inside .
back turned to him , she starts dusting an unfamiliar bouquet of plastic flowers .
her flower shop , he knows , stands between a toyshop and a corset shop .
he wants to step away but ca nt help approaching the not flower shop with the ornate legend pompes funebres which he does nt understand but does slowly understand what he sees in the window : crosses of all sizes , marble angels , porcelain flowers , bronze wreathes , black marble plaques with names and birth and death dates and short phrases he does nt comprehend except for recurrent topsy - turvy regrets ternels .
bewildered , he turns to the flanking shops , wanting to ask what has happened to the flower shop .
often , in his sleep max cries out bess , honey , i do nt want no flowers , wait up for me , and the key , goddam you , the key !
tell me , she says , over and over and finally they tell her ; about the cruel honeymoon room , about the photo screwed to mortuary granite , about the search for the missing key to the tunnel to outside and dreams of bess with flowers not for him but for the lovers she receives on his mound .
not for the first time he makes out mortuary messages from much earlier predecessors : the fossil remains of fish skeletons , gigantic insects and extinct flowers .
those petrified flower imprints are the nearest to a real flower he d encountered in his second life , he realizes .
those petrified flower imprints are the nearest to a real flower he d encountered in his second life , he realizes .
he thinks of the crepe - paper flower on the table seen just before the blue explosion .
his beam is yellow too , an anemic straw - yellow , nothing like van gough sun - flower yellow , but unmistakably yellow anyhow , and , look , the bulb - filament is red , an anemic earthworm - red , nothing like sun - rise red or poppy red , but a try at red anyhow , so the first colors in their second lives here , except for that annihilating blue flash in the bedroom .
his activities become even more exhausting after he discovers that what gives them particular happiness is the tribute of flowers .
he takes no more than one flower at a time .
he runs from grave to grave , apologizes , does a terser job on the nature descriptions , often staggers under the burden of two flowers now .
he thinks of the real flowers he brings to his friends and waits for the dream to end and allow him to do that .
have you ever been to the flower market by the seine ?
wo nt he think she s trying to maneuver him into going to the flower market or to the eiffel tower or the luxembourg gardens with her ?
' for my brother 's sake i injure this spring flower , ' he whispered to himself .
in the days that followed , flowers bloomed in the gutter , the streetlamps at that corner brightened , the cop found his picture on the front page of the newspapers local section , the boys received scholarships for colleges they had nt dreamt of applying to , the taxi driver met a woman from prague who spoke his language and that woman was , in fact , the young mother .
you gave the whole world flowers , and i know that you gave them to me .
she bows , to this side and that side , to the center ; she accepts a bouquet of roses , and other flowers are tossed onto the stage .
in the morning , the theatres new owner strides down the center aisle toward a stage littered by a carpet of dried flowers .
its at the end of a long , winding drive flanked by mythical statuary and numerous hedges and flowers and the occasional video camera , all behind ornate iron gates topped with gargoyles and barbed wire .
it was just like the water color prophecy his brother mavik had painted just the day before ... .the lily red flower forming on her dress red - kingdom soldiers arrived and the sky raiders had flown off on their winged skywolves .
mavik had painted the water color of his mother with the red flower on her dress the day before she was killed .
all he had done was foreseen it , a red flower blooming on her dress .
do nt worry , sweet flower , papa clutched her hands .
if her father had ordered him to give her flowers or a quick thrust of the sword , either way he d do it .
jazlyn saw a memory flit through her mind : asgaroth clutching a diamond brooch , shaped like a flower .
the front yard was spacious enough to play a game of touch football in and the flowers at the front of the home and around the yards edge would make for practically perfect sidelines .
it had a short vase of beautiful fresh flowers in it .
` ` i saw these beautiful flowers and i thought of you two beautiful ladies . ''
` ` may i hold your flower ? ''
alex held onto both hers and meredith 's flowers with one hand and then held meredith 's hand with the other as the three walked together .
in time , they would wither and die , like petals of a flower cast into a fire .
we outnumber them two to one , an advantage that rots like a flower in autumn when fighting in city streets , but in the open field , those flowers are easy to pluck .
we outnumber them two to one , an advantage that rots like a flower in autumn when fighting in city streets , but in the open field , those flowers are easy to pluck .
though it made as much sense as flowers sprouting on the face of the moon , he hoped that she had fled from this battle , that somehow she had slipped away into ebulon , passed the guards , gotten herself enough supplies to keep herself fed and warm .
when it did , she marched in her magic goody two - shoes up to the garden of live flowers .
it was a flower - bed of talking flowers who seemed to think that alice herself was a flower .
it was a flower - bed of talking flowers who seemed to think that alice herself was a flower .
it was a flower - bed of talking flowers who seemed to think that alice herself was a flower .
wake up , flowers !
the tiger - lily said , greetings flower alice .
and here all the other flowers gasped ( though they did not breath like people did ) then they grew silent , which was puzzling , because they d always been a bunch of chatterboxes .
the other flowers gasped .
and that was how alice learned where the black rose had been relocated to by a mysterious cloaked flower tender they had summoned .
shed have to make it up to the flowers somehow later .
next to the throne was a pedestal atop of which rested a black rose within a flower pot .
she thought she heard the flower give a muffled cry , but she could nt make out the words through the glass .
not all flowers could speak , and not all flowers that could speak spoke alike , and the words came from the flower as a whispery hiss .
not all flowers could speak , and not all flowers that could speak spoke alike , and the words came from the flower as a whispery hiss .
not all flowers could speak , and not all flowers that could speak spoke alike , and the words came from the flower as a whispery hiss .
you are a most beautiful flower .
the corruption of innocence was this flowers scent .
great gnarled roots from trees and shrubs and grasses and flowers .
unless this area was recently cleared , you would think there would be a few sand grasses or beach flowers growing amongst the dirt .
yes , that 's right , said the horseman , smells like flowers and whatnots .
when the flowers blossomed , she up - rooted some of them and replanted them in a bunch where her parents tepee had been .
they walked all day finding no trees , green grasses or flowers .
blooming flowers covered it , peeking through the braided strands .
the front steps led to a small porch upon which sat a large red pot that must have contained flowers at one point , but now only held dried brown weeds .
i 'd no visitors for most days , though a large flower arrangement from the blackbridge banner was placed on the food tray beside my bed .
during the day , i d stare at the green and yellow flowers , the card that said get well soon , the lime cellophane plastic wrapped around the flowerpot .
you can preserve a flower in the pages of a book , but that does nt mean its alive .
thanks for coming , milton , and for the flowers , she said , pointing to the large spray of white mums , snapdragons , and lilies on an easel the the foot of the casket .
the clay pot shattered near his feet , dirt and withered flower scattering after him .
sometimes she stooped as if to pick a flower .
she picked up a clay flower pot and reared back to hurl it at maynard .
he reached into his pocket then pulled out a pair of ivory hair combs of such intricate filigree that they had the apparent delicacy of dried flowers despite their actual serviceable resilience .
i think its because the sheep eat all the flowers on the northern side .
it contained generous quantities of the oil from crushed flowers and other herbs he could nt recognize .
nathair returned to his flowers leaving ferdor with the racing thoughts in his head .
bullets did nt turn into flowers just because they were fired from a womans rifle .
i m a delicate flower .
i m not some delicate flower .
do nt worry , you delicate flower , she teased .
how did a rat , some gemstones and herbs suddenly smell like flowers ?
they stopped for an hour , resting by the roadside at a place where the trees retreated from the edge of the road , leaving a grassy bank where the spring flowers were just beginning to put on growth prior to flowering .
pretty girls should always be called after flowers .
the gardens were beautiful even this early in the season , with some early spring flowers already beginning to bloom in the sheltered garden surrounded by high walls and covered walkways .
he especially loved the pale green of the new leaves on the trees , and the pleasant soft rain that fell to water the early flowers .
dragons basked in the sunlight and elves and humans were gathering flowers and making garlands to adorn each other .
it was a mild day , and the earliest spring flowers were beginning to come out .
opposite the gallery was a fireplace , which , since it was warm , had a large arrangement of flowers in lieu of a fire .
they were arranging flowers in one of the urns .
her hair was brown , a kind of nondescript colour and she could have been pretty but for her rather long nose , and in comparison with the girl arranging the flowers .
rollo noticed nandala looking at them and said , my daughter , randa does all the flowers in the palace .
like the cup of green that clasps the flower the stem merged with her skin , tethered beyond sight to the bottom of the pool .
plucking the rose from the flower box beneath the sill the boy knocked on the door .
the girls father , who sold flowers in the city , came home each day bearing a single white rose for his only beloved daughter .
the humans are bunny kissing , flower picking , do - gooders ?
the last of the gardenia 's were starting to die off and the wild flowers that grew around the wooden arch had already turned to dried leaves .
once ariston had skidded on a flower thrown from the crowd , and the red queen had backed up and let him recover .
she waved her hand and just like that , flowers bloomed everywhere .
he took a deep breath and the flowers were gone .
van had made flowers appear and jensen had sent them away .
the best he ever did was come home early from work with a bouquet of flowers his secretary had picked out .
he had a tantrum and knocked over a pot of flowers .
the amaranth flowers had a warm magic power much like the tribesmen .
the only thing the flower needed was the energy of the sun that the tribe considered pyramus to be .
past the red flower fields and through the village gates they entered .
amaranth flowers grew on wooden walls and around the entrance .
as the pedals fell from the flowers , they turned into flame .
the arms of the throne were carved to look like flower pedals and clawed fingers at the end .
he saw a little flower shop on the main street close to his school , so he slipped inside .
malique , he said as he rushed out of the flower shop and hopped on the skateboard .
why do you smell like flowers ?
his mind drifted to the woman and the girl from the flower shop .
as he was about to pass the flower shop , he heard a familiar female voice , hey !
she was standing in the doorway of the flower shop .
what lies are spoken in my aunt sokies flower shop !
just as malique was about to leave , the flower shop door opened and the bell chimed .
not sure what to make of any of the females in the flower shop .
sokie owns the flower shop on main street .
as if reading his mind , sasha said , okay so look up the name and phone number of sokies flower shop and give it to me .
she owns a flower shop on main street .
angie tilted her head to the side , and why are you working at that flower shop anyway ?
he was hoping clarissa would want to walk to the flower shop together .
dinner at the flower shop was nt supposed to be until seven since the flower shop closed at six thirty .
dinner at the flower shop was nt supposed to be until seven since the flower shop closed at six thirty .
he wondered if he should shave before going to the flower shop .
chapter three malique arrived at the flower shop just as sokie was turning the blue neon closed sign on .
they walked passed a few refrigerators holding flowers in vases then to the back room he had seen lani disappear into several times .
they were still exchanging flower arrangement ideas for a difficult customer .
do people order flowers for halloween ?
people order flowers all the time , especially when there is love in the air .
malique grabbed his skateboard then walked with clarissa down the stair to the entrance of the flower shop .
they were still sitting in front of the flower shop .
she scribbled her name , email address and phone number then drew a smiley face and a flower and gave it to him .
the coffee shop was on the same street as the flower shop , but about half a block further down and across the street from it .
then he realized he d have to at least pass the flower shop on saturday on his way to and from the coffee shop .
as he approached the flower shop his eyes shifted up and down the street .
he could see the flower shop from where he was sitting .
his eyes went towards the window and caught a glimpse of what appeared to be clarissas car pulling up in front of the flower shop .
he glanced out the window and saw that clarissa still had nt returned to the flower shop .
she did a u - turn then parked her car across the street at the flower shop .
she stomped into the flower shop .
malique swallowed and stared at the flower shop for a few minutes .
rather than risk lani also being mad at him , he decided to follow her orders and go into the flower shop .
she had she also had a flower .
it always makes me smile to see a smiley face or a flower .
its kind of strange how so much has happened since you walked into the flower shop , huh ?
lani looked both ways when she saw that the street was clear , she ran across the street to the flower shop .
lets go talk to her , malique said , grabbing clarissas hand and not letting go as they crossed the street and walked into the flower shop .
why do nt we just go downstairs and help sokie and clarissa with the flower orders ?
clarissa is driving her beetle , and they wo nt have enough room for you and all the flowers too .
malique explained , well , lani said she s been having dreams about me ever since we met when i ran into the flower shop .
was that the same guy that was chasing you the first day you ran into my flower shop ?
well , sokie said hesitantly , if you change your mind , you are more than welcome to stay with me at the flower shop for a few days while school is in session .
she craved for the quietness of aunt sokies flower shop .
besides the gorgeous flowers , exquisite topiary animals had been placed in the gardens .
safely nestled between fields of flowers and hedge guardians , adelia had ventured to read the letter .
if you wanted , you could go out into forsynthia , you can smell the flowers , you can taste the aromas of the cooking meats over at the tavern .
in this way , like the flower blooming and the bee sipping nectar , so lon taught darlm and frak that they were to beshe the kup receptacle and he emptying himself into her , his grok wod penetrating , all imaged through building a domed hum - hum like half a beehive .
he and shebodies painted with pigments of the earth ... red , black , deep browns ... bodies painted and festooned with flowers ... luridly and seductively with ever so much enticing skill moving hips and winged fingers , calling him to come to her , black raven who he was and dive into her nest , there to flutter with her in rutting dancewings flapping ... all became creatures of the airflying away and about and up , tricking each other , slipping into coy retreat , into come - hither glances ... feathers all about his body , a flush of the meadow crowning her dawn - brown hair ... like the animals they so loved and feared , they spoke in breaths of grunt and gasp and over - heated huffing , tearing into each other ... ripping off feathers , violently casting away flowers , becoming what only gen can become each to the otherdivers inside , plunging into each other ... from eye - fall plummeting into cave dark , plunging into rib - cage shattering clutch and cling and thunder of bones on the dusty groundso had frak become big as darlm become big .
it was a hide beaten to a special thinness such that the berry dyes and flower stains placed upon it lasted to the grave .
not of her flesh , not of her presence : a presence botticelli permeates with fragranceshe , a flower goddessbut of a profoundscales falling from his eyesinsight into and understanding of the fall .
sparse but lifting the suffering of the land to a simple height of pleasure : a seductive smell otto had crushed desire to reject so often , of that fruit brought back as a prize of the crusaders : lemons ... now no longer otto he wished for these flowers to bear this fruit , to quench his thirst , to suffocate the miserableness of this barren wasteland .
asked sentimentally at the grave as he placed her anniversary flowers : her half - sisteraunt magdalene , she crying , profusely and with true feeling .
from this visit forward , he always brings potted flowers : offerings .
like bee and flower .
chapter 21 he wakes to a burial of flowers : hundreds of rose petals , hundreds of babys breaths , hundreds of carnations plucked , blanketing him ... he is perfumed , fragranced , honeyed , sweetenedbefore him she stands , in funereal black , missal in hand , crushing ancient latin phrases , pressing out their vinegar ... around the bed she walks , waving one of his thick cigars smoking : incensei want you to have my baby , bertha pleads with frank .
flowers with the eyes of all the women he has ever loved , ever fucked , ever desired , ever roused the spermies to attack ! but bumblingly attacking , as he mindlessly slips out of his clothes : naked knight ... and not so silentlynot as he thinks himself so silentknees the bed and slides over towards his wife , pulling the her majesty towards him , lifting up her blanket of flowers , rises upon her rosy fragrance and a sting of tart stimulating verbena ... casts himself upon her ... wanting to block out the sun , wanting to block out the moon , wanting to be her only sky and her only star and her onlyspermies !
flowers with the eyes of all the women he has ever loved , ever fucked , ever desired , ever roused the spermies to attack ! but bumblingly attacking , as he mindlessly slips out of his clothes : naked knight ... and not so silentlynot as he thinks himself so silentknees the bed and slides over towards his wife , pulling the her majesty towards him , lifting up her blanket of flowers , rises upon her rosy fragrance and a sting of tart stimulating verbena ... casts himself upon her ... wanting to block out the sun , wanting to block out the moon , wanting to be her only sky and her only star and her onlyspermies !
earth mothershe was grass and the trees and small birds flying ... she came to him in hippie dress : tie - dyed burst of smock ; hair held back , braided by simple twine , spreading rocks thick and thin , from yard and park , thick bends of twigs , a decaying branch which held a staggering of incense sticks : bowls of water with simple flowers swimming , several bowls here and there : sweet soaps , handmade , lavender , patchouli , sandalwoodalways a slight air about her ... nothing like the event of bertha : no lightning , no tornado , no run to the root cellar , rather , heaviness upon the obvious : seduction of satiety after a heavy lunch of thick seven - grain loafs and home - gardened tomatoes and cucumbers and radishes , lettuce in the spring : canned for the winter , pickled , prepared ... dalores was preparationpreparing in the small ways , the unnoticed ways , but a preparation which resulted , as such meticulous and instinctual preparations do , in marvelously baked breads !
well , when i saw her she was always dressed in strange clothes , she used to be nicknamed the flower girl , because all her clothes had flower stamped patterns , and she would always tie her hair in a ponytail too , but she is pretty .
well , when i saw her she was always dressed in strange clothes , she used to be nicknamed the flower girl , because all her clothes had flower stamped patterns , and she would always tie her hair in a ponytail too , but she is pretty .
she quickly put down her bag and began to unpack , that s when she noticed all the clothes that wendy bought for her were all mens clothes decorated with flower print .
okay maybe because of security reasons or state reasons , or whatever , but the lack of a phone call or a congratulatory card or even flowers , was evidence of how much he cared about me .
maybe you do nt know this , but i spent the first two years of college , going around campus in flower printed clothes , but not the good type , it was a disaster .
` ` let me tell you a story , there was once a beetle who coveted a beautiful flower that he thought was a gift to a bee who was very near and dear to him .
but it turns out , the gardener had always intended to give the beautiful flower to the beetle , and not to the bee .
from the beginning , the beetle swore to himself that he will protect the flower from harm , even though he knows that the flower has many thorns and could protect herself .
from the beginning , the beetle swore to himself that he will protect the flower from harm , even though he knows that the flower has many thorns and could protect herself .
because for him , that flower was the most precious thing he owned . ''
paramita followed the direction he was looking at , it was the table where dewi was sitting , ` ` ah , so your beautiful flower is meeting with another man ? ''
but i do n't have any problems with the flower petals . ''
she threw the flower bouquet into the trash can , these past two weeks , he continuously flooded her with gifts of sweets and flowers that carry ` ` forgive me '' notes , they were sent everywhere , to her home , to the boutique , even to every job that she was contracted .
she threw the flower bouquet into the trash can , these past two weeks , he continuously flooded her with gifts of sweets and flowers that carry ` ` forgive me '' notes , they were sent everywhere , to her home , to the boutique , even to every job that she was contracted .
he brought her to the pool , it was decorated with lines of candles on the floor and flower bouquets .
` ` on the night of our wedding reception , you said that you did n't want to sleep on the bed because of the flower petals , why is that ? ''
` ` anyway , i ca n't get my mind around who came up with the sick and perverse idea of putting flower petals on a bed meant for a couple who just got married . ''
` ` i 'll take durian over flower petals . ''
the streets were busy , full of bright jumpsuits like life - sized flowers .
there were throws over the couches , flowers in vases , and potpourri pots everywhere .
she rest the flower over her belly that was still mostly flat .
i ve ruined your flowers .
she smelled blood , and sweat , and the woods , and flowers and ... why do i bother ?
aside from it sat her school books , two pens , a small silver flute vase with purple flowers in it , and a tube of lipstick .
it swallowed up the lake and the lotus flowers .
they were followed by an assortment of bees , each seeking its own happy host , ready to slip in their fashioned straws to draw out the sweetness from those stunning flowers .
waking lina inhaled but could smell no flowers .
i m remembering things that are nt possible ( like a walking , talking boulder sized flower ) and i do nt know if i m confusing my memories with my dreams .
it translates thusly : the petals of our lives have travelled the same breeze ; depart now , mature flower , for the source ; well shade the world with the colours that we ve kept of you ; take our shades so you may enrich the mother .
there were no flowers or weeds .
she watched as tricia pulled the weeds from her front flower garden .
she had no choice but to watch tricia water her flowers and groom the front yard .
.a flower , a flower .
.a flower , a flower .
it was his mother , who clutched a red flower to her dress , a one - eyed vulture with a bloody beak , standing over her .
she had been mesmerized by their flowers of light , and they who had brought such happiness had been paid back so unkindly .
there was always something new to observe , categorize , predict , and explain , and often the task was challenging , even for him ; but he was like a child in a flower garden : every flower was beautiful , and yet , after looking at a few , he would get tired of them all .
there was always something new to observe , categorize , predict , and explain , and often the task was challenging , even for him ; but he was like a child in a flower garden : every flower was beautiful , and yet , after looking at a few , he would get tired of them all .
pee - pee goes in ground , goes into roots of grass and flowers , grass grows , flowers grow , goat eats grass , flowers make pollen , goat makes milk , kid drinks milk , farmer takes milk , kid grows up , farmer makes cheese and glue , bees get pollen , carpenter buys glue , candle maker buys cheese , bees make wax , farmer takes money , carpenter makes table , farmer buys seeds , candle maker eats cheese , farmer plants seeds , candle maker buys wax , makes candles .
pee - pee goes in ground , goes into roots of grass and flowers , grass grows , flowers grow , goat eats grass , flowers make pollen , goat makes milk , kid drinks milk , farmer takes milk , kid grows up , farmer makes cheese and glue , bees get pollen , carpenter buys glue , candle maker buys cheese , bees make wax , farmer takes money , carpenter makes table , farmer buys seeds , candle maker eats cheese , farmer plants seeds , candle maker buys wax , makes candles .
pee - pee goes in ground , goes into roots of grass and flowers , grass grows , flowers grow , goat eats grass , flowers make pollen , goat makes milk , kid drinks milk , farmer takes milk , kid grows up , farmer makes cheese and glue , bees get pollen , carpenter buys glue , candle maker buys cheese , bees make wax , farmer takes money , carpenter makes table , farmer buys seeds , candle maker eats cheese , farmer plants seeds , candle maker buys wax , makes candles .
a seed is nt as pretty as a flower .
she selected a flower and put it in her hair .
he pulled back her hood from her hair and removed the flower , placing it gently into a vase with other flowers , on the bedside table .
he pulled back her hood from her hair and removed the flower , placing it gently into a vase with other flowers , on the bedside table .
as she and the fabulist approached the gardeners , lightbearer could see that they had a wagonload of flowers which they were transplanting into a bed .
the outside of the cathedral was planted with grass , trees , and flowers , so that from a distance , it looked almost like a natural cluster of hills .
flowers and green plants and little ponds everywhere .
they began walking down a flagstone path , which wound its way through a flower bed .
she looked at the grass , the flowers , the butterflies , so that the universe could see them .
like butterflies in a flower garden , they landed on oselikas wounds , cleaning , medicating , stitching .
they do nt have chairs like this , he said , tapping his chair , but they can appreciate the beauty of a spring day , or a flower .
as she rose , the neighborhood spread itself out beneath her , and then the neighborhood of the neighborhood , and so on , like a flower opening .
torothex was widely respected , indeed loved ; and briefly ling remembered walking down a great avenue , surrounded by friends , while enthusiastic crowds threw flowers over him .
she could hardly tell the flowers from the singing .
no trees , no flowers , tears started at her eyes .
we do nt need to rough up this little flower , said the leader .
they walked for a few moments among flower beds and butterflies .
and on her thirtieth birthday , she had thought how amazing it would be , if the reverse were to happen : if little bits of things from all over the world were to come together , over the course of many decades , form seeds , and finally float through the air , to assemble themselves into a single dandelion flower !
like a flower , said aleri , opening .
you saw something like a flower opening ?
the scene shifted to a graveyard , with grass , trees , and flowers .
he also planted flowers and herbs whose scent repelled insects .
next to her were some flowers , standing in a beautiful earthenware vase that 422 had made .
carved roses and lily flowers decorated the trimmings of the desk .
ivy and other trumpet flowers crawled up the pillars .
years ago , one of my children began to grow things out of the desert , simple things like flowers and saplings .
a few students walked along the perimeter , smelling flowers as they passed and talked quietly to their friends .
he held his breath as the bee flew aggressively around his head , by his ear , in front of his eye , under his nose and then eventually away to find a flower .
he ran and burned the flowers and vines on the wall .
more flowers bloomed , but this time they were violet and coughed a deadly pollen .
the flowers that had poisoned him lost their pedals and dried up .
he turned his attention back to the grass and flowers of the cave .
it then hovered over the ground and as it flew towards eckxio , grass and flowers grew following its trail of golden dust .
flowers shaped like stars and flowers with dancing tentacles releasing a sweet aroma in the air .
sixious was orbiting the golden pillars and swirling around the flowers .
as he waited for the elves to heal nana , he lied on a field of yellow grass and flowers .
star shape flowers brushed him as he ran .
the dining room became filled with the scent of cinnamon , garlic and sweet flower seeds as the steam escaped from the once lord pryce .
if you insist , as long as it is only ceremonial , said nerys turning from the map , then , to demonstrate their obedience one of the lesser men must carry a wreath of flowers to the manor house and lay it at the front gates .
real flowers would have been cheaper , scowled nerys to the building .
the herbswoman gave hornefred a stew of flowers and roots to fight the illness .
i need you to ride there and lay a wreath of orange flowers at the gate .
valtteri had thrown open the shutters to let the smell of the forest flowers clean out the stale halls of the house .
i had been informed that there are some rare night blooming flowers in the neighbourhood .
then as i drive away , there you are , just walking down an abandoned street at the edge of town , ' sketching flowers ' .
there are many odd writings that are interesting and puzzling on the tent like those : our essence is nomadic and our words too , demolish a thing , i demolished a thing , the earthquake is a flower and our public is chandelier , there is a heaven in the tent .
they stepped on the most beautiful flower that had ever blossomed on the damned land .
they get out a place where pine trees thicken and step on flowers on an open and curved terrain .
new - planted flowers and new - watered soil at the grave she sees .
i had surprised her , sending naaz rolling up into the air and finally falling into a dead flower bed .
my red rose left me saying somewhere in your darkness you will find a new flower to destroy .
from the dried up flakes of the rose came a new flower .
there are all different types of bushes and flowers planted there , thanks to my mom , and its beautiful .
but he was sidhe , and sidhe healed while you watched , their bodies absorbing the wounds like flowers blooming in reverse .
` ` leave a pot of flowers by your door and that will sustain him . ''
galen had taken over most of the house chores , like searching for an apartment big enough for all of us and buying flowers for wandering fey to rest in .
he hopes we like the flower . ''
the scent of flowers filled the air , pleasant but strong .
had his lips been like a tiny crimson flower but a moment ago ?
i would n't kill someone for collecting butterflies , but if i had butterfly wings on my back and spent most of my life out among them fluttering from flower to flower , maybe i 'd see the death of one butterfly on a different scale .
tiny flowers and vines were sewn in such detail that you could tell the vines were ivy and roses , with some harebells and violas embroidered around them .
i did n't see sage , and wondered if he was outside on the growing force of potted flowers by the door .
the flower just sits tucked behind his ear and shows no sign of fading .
i ' ve seen the dying orchards and flower gardens with a few straggling blossoms , but no underground moon or sun .
niceven licked her lips with a tiny tongue like the petal of a flower .
she hovered near my finger for all the world like a butterfly inspecting a flower .
the fruiting vines and trees had died first , so i ' m told , then the herbs , and now the last of the flowers .
` ` meredith does seem to have been a busy little bee among all you lovely flowers , '' andais said .
the smell of flowers grew stronger for a moment , but the wind began to die down .
` ` i smell flowers , '' nelson said , her voice uncertain .
i glanced at his hand , and saw a small bouquet of flowers .
she was surrounded by flowers .
she is in her flower shop .
before he and rhys had had their moment of understanding , i would have bet even money on whether the good doctor would call the woman in the flower shop .
i got a whiff of a spring breeze and flowers .
she 'd made bloody scratches in his back like some evil flower carved into his flesh .
i have people tear up the flowers in the hallway , but they simply regrow overnight . ''
the world exploded , if you could call light , color , music , and the perfume of flowers an explosion .
a male voice that was not taranis spoke from behind her , ` ` do you smell flowers ? ''
all the flowers and vines of taranis 's room , and there had been no scent .
` ` i smell flowers again , '' the blond guard said .
the touch of the flowers seemed to make them happy .
i guessed that i should not tell hugh that i was n't creating the flowers on purpose , and with that thought the scent of roses dimmed , i took it to mean that i 'd done what she wished .
the reporter stood up a little taller , and most of the others sat down like disappointed flowers .
amatheon 's hair , in its tight coppery red french braids , left his face bare , but nothing could leave it unadorned , for his eyes were layered petals of red , blue , yellow , and green , like some multicolored flower .
i dropped to one knee , and my guards followed my lead , dropping like graceful , dangerous flowers around me .
the smell of flowers was gone , and the wind smelled like ozone .
her voice was like the sighing of the wind , a delicate spring breeze that warmed the skin and made you believe that the flowers merely slept under the snow .
a flower may be beautiful all on its own , but a person is never truly beautiful unless someone else 's eyes show him that he is beautiful . ''
now she looked at him the way a flower gazes at the sun , and it made me sick to see it .
` ` why did everything smell like flowers ? ''
the winged demi - fey were cuddled into those flowers , rolling in the petals , covering themselves with pollen .
all the others had fallen to galen 's flowers .
` ` well , '' doyle said , gazing at the flowers and the drugged demi - fey , ` ` this is certainly manifested . ''
` ` what is this , the hand of flowers ? ''
her body was covered in the black pollen of the flower she 'd crawled into .
i got to my feet , careful not to step on the demi - fey who were passed out in and among the flowers .
she hissed again , shaking her head , sending rainbow dazzles to dance around the walls , on us , and the flowers .
niceven gazed down at the flowers and her besotted people .
the scent of flowers had faded , like the dream of roses in a long - closed room .
it was n't until his lips brushed mine , like the caress of a tightly curled flower , that i felt his glamour .
he had a white flower in the hollow between his shoulder and chest , startling against his deep brown skin .
like the moth in me , the flower was alive , but embedded in his skin .
its yellow - and - black - striped wings folded back around his arm as the butterfly flexed , gentle and unhurried , as if it were feeding from some sweet - nectared flower .
they were raised above his body like the flower , touchable and real , but lying flat now , as if they were but a step away from the tattoo they had once been .
` ` why did we get winged insects and nicca got a flower ? ''
` ` a nice flat piece of ground with tall grass , and flowers .
` ` yes , a nice flower and grass meadow , where the sun can shine down , and the moon caress . ''
` ` flowers , '' i said .
` ` there are no flowers here . ''
she was sitting in a beat - up stroller , holding a flower .
she took the flower from her daughter 's hand and held it out to spector .
he tried balancing the flower on the tip of a finger .
a gloved hand flashed before spector 's face , snatching the flower .
spector stuck the flower in the corpse 's hands and applauded melodramatically .
i ' ve heard that there 's already a roomful of flowers and cards that some of you have sent , and she asked me to thank you .
peanut was holding a rather bedraggled but huge bouquet of flowers , trying to give it to the guard behind the desk .
` ` he wants me to take the flowers up to your wife 's room , '' marvin growled , pulling at the belt slung underneath the overhang of belly .
peanut was looking forlornly at gregg , the moist eyes trapped in folds of hard , furrowed skin , the flowers drooping in his lone hand .
` ` ellen will be proud to have your flowers , peanut , '' gregg continued , holding out his hand .
peanut handed the flowers to gregg .
there came a lady clad in grey in the twilight shining : one moment she would stand and stay , her hair with flowers entwining .
up its fountain - stair to a country fair of ever - eve i came , far from the seas , climbing into meadows of fluttering shadows : flowers lay there like fallen stars , and on a blue pool , glassy and cool , like floating moons the nenuphars .
many a day with dawn of gold this earth will lighten , many a flower will yet unfold , ere the cornfields whiten .
' squiggy here throws arrows away like flowers at a wedding .
between them , the frost and the shadow , he was smothered , frozen , unaware of the glistening black claw reaching down as though it intended to pluck a flower .
after all , most of your precious flowers are dead and trampled into the earth after today , are n't they ? '
he set the whetted weapon aside delicately , as though it were a flower , and reached down to scoop up the thumb .
silf help him , though , it was hard not to be pleased when opportunity bloomed into so sweet a flower .
at the moment , our humble little vessel resembles something of a flower with half its petals missing .
the frills at either side fanned out unenthused , crimson petals of a wilting flower that had not seen rain in a long time .
in an instant , the sun was drowned behind her , choked by a shadow that bloomed like a dark flower over her .
he 's a stupid bug , all wings and stinger , that will leap into the jaws of a snapping flower because he ca n't tell that the pollen stinks .
' at the very least , do n't expect me to leave flowers on your grave . '
and then , silence : the sound with the most meaning , the sensation of his own mind blooming into a vast and formless flower within his head .
his eyes snapped open as the flower of emptiness wilted in his mind ; he turned to see the iron blade rattled against the bars of his cage .
he collected their names like flowers and wore them about his neck in something fragile that he would pluck , petal by bloody petal and crush under his six toes .
but he forced himself to look , to give this one a name , one more flower to the necklace .
he rose up behind xhai like a black flower and angled the garrotte over her head , his hands unnaturally steady .
and he had sighed and he had shuffled down the stone circles as the last fragrances of flowers were consumed by fire .
a pungent flower bloomed in her mouth , and her lips threatened to rip themselves from her face , so fiercely did they pucker .
more than the spear jutting through her chest and pinning her to the black shape behind her , more than the sheet of ice that encased her like a luminescent coffin , the fact that she was still smiling as though she might ask him to go pick flowers at any moment made him want to look away .
he saw fragments of a vision : the bells of ulbecetonth 's chosen shattered and mingled into heaps of scrap along with siege engines and statues of mortal armies , titanic corpses of demons forming a soil of flesh watered by blood for the rest of the mortal flowers to wither and die in .
in each flash , he could see the stain that was ulbecetonth blooming like a flower out of the gate , growing bigger .
the dimly lit corridor smelled of flowers and of furniture polish , with just the slightest tang of formaldehyde .
at the end of the room was a small dais , and , on it , a cream - colored casket with several displays of flowers arranged about it : scarlets and yellows and whites and deep , bloody purples .
they were always her favorite flower .
shadow knew that he did not have the personality to be a magician : he could not weave the stories that were so necessary for belief , nor did he wish to do card tricks , nor produce paper flowers .
shadow could smell - or perhaps , he thought , he simply imagined that he smelled - an odor of rot , of flowers and preservatives .
after almost an hour of driving through towns with names like black earth , they turned down a narrow driveway , past several enormous , snow - dusted flower pots entwined with lizardlike dragons .
one of the gravestones flipped over , revealing a grasping corpse ; a headstone turned around , flowers replaced by a grinning skull .
but his mouth was seeking hers and her lips were soft against his , and his hands were cupping her br**sts , and then they were running across the satin smoothness of her skin , pushing into and parting the furs that hid her waist , sliding into the wonderful cleft of her , which warmed and wetted and parted for him , opening to his hand like a flower .
bustling women filled the kitchen with tubs and with saucepans , and with skillets and with tupperware , and the deceased was laid out in her casket in the funeral home 's front room with hothouse flowers around her .
the flowers in your hair are optional . ''
they wear flowers in their bonnets and they give each other flowers .
the headstones were weathered , although several of them had sprays of fresh flowers resting against them .
` ` should i bring flowers ? ''
he looked across the meadow as if he was trying to remember the names of the things he was looking at : the flowers in the long grass , the ruins of the farmhouse , the haze of green buds that fogged the branches of the huge silver tree .
a pig , a monkey and a sharp - toothed ghoul clambered up the hillside in company with a blue - skinned man holding a flaming bow , a bear with flowers twined into its fur , and a man in golden chain mail holding his sword of eyes .
he stopped on the way to the coffee house to buy flowers .
then he ran after her , and put the flowers into sam 's hands .
then he sits , picks a flower and plays with it .
and i ' m suddenly looking at the boy again , playing with his flower .
i think about playing safe and saying i do n't know , but then the boy pulls a petal from the flower and slowly places it on his outstretched tongue .
i watch him play with the flower , noting the movements of his eyes and head .
` ` that 's a nice flower , '' i murmur .
the boy 's gaze settles on me for an instant and he grins , then thrusts the flower at me .
i ' m about to ask again , when he shouts loudly , ` ` flower ! ''
` ` flower ! ''
when he appears , i see why he was so long - he stopped to pick flowers and weave a necklace out of them .
he 's far prouder of the necklace of flowers .
then bran snuggles up beside me for warmth and murmurs , ` ` flower , '' under his breath as he folds his arms around me .
he throws himself at me , yelling ` ` flower ! ''
she was not wallpaper flower to be ignored .
one day , she would grow real flowers in earth .
a thin , shrill kettle - whistle erupted from the galley chimneys , the metal cowls beginning to droop towards the deck , slowly , like flowers gone to seed .
trade goods were laid out in every corner of the bazaar : sturdy sacks of cotton canvas standing upon the ground full of grains and rare spices and dried fruit ; bolts of silks in queer many - colored patterns of no meaning , neither flowers nor any other image ; gleaming treasure - vault walls of stacked chests , with strips of brass hammered on like gilding ; bright copper jugs hanging and white conical jars half - buried in the ground , for keeping water cool ; and notably many wooden stands displaying an impressive array of knives , their hilts cunningly worked , some inlaid and jeweled , and the blades long and curving and wicked .
she was like a tropical flower in this dark , stuffy room .
i stared at that sparkling flower , so pretty and seemingly harmless .
even i admired the romance of it , though a snarky part of me said maybe lee should ' ve sent flowers to eddie and me instead .
regardless , the flowers were quickly forgotten when we sat down in mrs . weathers 's office and learned the verdict on jill .
i lifted my eyes to where jill was standing with her admirers , lee 's flowers in her arms .
lee , who 'd brought jill flowers and taken us all mini - golfing .
real flowers , not silk , changed every week by the housekeeper .
gabriel is turning the flower beds into riots of blossoming flowers .
gabriel is turning the flower beds into riots of blossoming flowers .
` ` his men think new grass sprouts up in his boot - prints and flowers bloom where he spits .
except that i took about six steps into the lobby , spotted the faux - rock fountain with its floating rings of silk flowers , and realized it was n't dj vu at all .
the broken stem oozed clear blood ; she licked it away contemplatively , fastened the flower in her glossy black hair , and gave me a smile that betrayed razor - sharp teeth .
and there was this flower garden - i made it grow and gave siobhan a rose . ''
but , you see , little flower , i ' m not really me anymore .
` ` first the candy and flowers , then the apology letters , then the ravenous demon hordes .
beside him stood a girl with long dirty - blond hair , braided with flowers .
17 the midnight flower in the half - light the big empty rooms they passed through on their way to the roof looked as deserted as stage sets , the white - draped furniture looming up out of the dimness like icebergs through fog .
the midnight flower was already shedding petals .
the clean , soapy smell of the flowers cleared her head .
the second story housed my living room , a dining alcove , a half bath , my kitchen , and a small balcony complete with flower box .
given her persona , i expected something more addams family from her domicile , but she had peonies in the front yard , flower boxes , and a nice rock garden .
most graves possessed a modest marker , maybe a statue and some flowers .
she seemed delicate as a flower against the tanned warmth of his skin .
if i was right , when he pulled it free , it would have a flower pentacle on it .
numbly i noted a new scar : the flower pentacle had been branded into my palm .
the blisters around the brand looked oddly like petals adorning the flower pentacle , and the mark throbbed steadily in time with my heartbeat .
my mother 's necklace looked like new - even the delicate curves of the flower pentacle .
i imagined it tracing the curls and curves of the flower pentacle and tried to suppress a shiver .
the blisters around the brand on my left palm had gone away entirely , leaving the smooth imprint of the flower pentacle .
why did giants always go for the daintiest flower they could find ?
he cherishes a mistaken image of me as a helpless flower , and i want to scratch it off like a one - dollar lottery ticket .
i do n't need pretty words , flowers , or expensive dinners .
their stems shone like coppery metal with a patina of green ; each leaf was a sculpted marvel , and the flowers exuded a siren smell , so that i wanted to step onto the stones and bury my face in the petals .
i only had the flower pentacle there now .
i wanted a good - bye kiss desperately , but i was by myself in a field of yellow flowers , the sweet wind rippling over their petals .
i recognized the field of jonquils and the perpetually sunny day immediately , and i ran through the flowers in the direction chance had come last time .
and i was n't a sheltered , hothouse flower .
caldwell , new york as jim heron stood on the front lawn of the mccready funeral home in caldwell , he could picture the inside sure as if he 'd already been in the brick two- story : orientals on the floors , paintings of foggy flower arrangements on the walls , bunches of rooms with double doors and lots of floor space .
although the exterior was quite plain , the interior was all warm wood and elegant brocade , and there were always fresh flowers .
even to a guy who was n't into the hearts and flowers routine .
when they ... ah ... '' as his voice seemed to desert him , grier stared at the perfect petals of the flower and , as she breathed in , she caught the scent -- and then she realized she was making him stand out in the rain .
with nothing but a black silk blouse on and a pair of hose , she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen -- as she wiped her eyes , he realized she had something in her hand and it was n't some sappy - ass flower .
she paused beside a small public garden , trees and flowers centered around an elegant fountain of black marble .
she 'd had the dream before - memories , really , perfectly preserved , like a flower frozen in a block of ice .
the driveway circled the flower bed and led past two greenhouses - one for tropical foliage , the other for desert species - and the a - frame house .
past the beautifully manicured lawn was an extensive flower garden .
past the flower garden was a high hedge .
he hurtled the first row of flowers , landing lightly in a crouched position , and caught his breath and listened .
he scuttled into the garden in a crouch , keeping out of sight of the second - story windows , recognizing many of the flowers as he moved through the garden .
the innocent - looking flower garden , brennan realized , was a drug chemist 's dream with enough raw material to concoct almost any kind of stimulant , depressant , or hallucinogen .
the flowers , like everything in this place , were dead and wilted .
he did find digger 's aged mother in oakland , who told him that she had n't heard from tommy since he sent the flowers on mother 's day , but she was still real proud of her boy the journalist .
chrysalis 's casket sat near the altar , covered with a carpet of flowers .
jay eased open the window and climbed in , avoiding a window box where odd - looking herbs and flowers fought for space with weeds .
jokers by the score had come and gone , some bearing flowers or books or other tokens of their esteem .
blood gurgles out and i clamp my hand over the wound as the soothing murmur of the trees and the flowers sprouting from the dirt instantly connect with me and stitches up my skin .
vines and flowers grow across the banisters in the ceiling .
he always wears a flower in a buttonhole , in memory of me .
i think he 's trying to say , ` ` flower . ''
he wears a small flower in a buttonhole on his jacket , which looks pathetically out of place .
` ` beranabus , '' i mutter , thinking about his face , his shabby suit , the flower in the buttonhole , his clean hands .
he stares at the waterfall , stroking the petals of a fresh flower which he 's pinned to his jacket .
what , no flowers ? ''
no hearts and flowers , not even a fruit basket , just a quick disconnection .
` ` dropped off hearts and flowers ? ''
the paint was peeling , and even the spring flowers in their landscaped beds looked cheap and struggling .
it was already stinking hot here during the day thanks to ellensburg 's dry , desert - like climate , but the evenings were still cool and fresh , smelling like new hay and night - blooming flowers .
i thought maybe he 'd be waiting at the airport in paris , a bunch of flowers in his arms .
he 'd scoop me up , and i 'd laugh as the flower petals showered down .
it was n't that max was hitting on me , but i did n't want him thinking i was some naive little flower , either .
he was lowly , to her family anyway , and worked on the farm picking the flowers for pressing .
the bathroom was a single room with an old - fashioned doorknocker on it and a picture of a girl in a dress , bending over to smell flowers .
i placed it on his grave the day after he was buried , amid the flowers and wreaths we had bought him .
so much more convenient , then , if this two flower disappears for good in the barbarian lands .
it 's more , er , flowers and arguing and stuff . '
and the village held a flower festival next year , and no - one ever talked about the thing with the bulls ever , ever again .
magrat wandered off the path occasionally , picking flowers .
' which flowers ? '
' a hedgehog 's not a flower . '
' i know the snake 's head is a kind of flower .
it 's amazing what you can do with flowers , you know . '
but i think she s geting better because when she woke up she arsked magratfor a look at the wand and then she kind of twidled and twisted them rings on it and turned the po into a bunch of flowers and magrat said she could never make the wand do that and esme said no because , she wasted time wishing for thinges instead of working out how to make them happen .
and there was the pinned - up tearful letter from inquisitor first class ishmale ` ` pop '' quoom , thanking all the lads for collecting no fewer than seventy ? eight obols for his retirement present and the lovely bunch of flowers for mrs . quoom , indicating that he 'd always remember his days in no .
brutha glanced from the flower to the nearest rock island .
she does not , at this point , know this , but stands absentmindedly adjusting the flowers twined in her hair .
there are flowers in her hair but they 're wilting slightly , just like her .
she 'd tried over and over again to ride on one , to see the world through ten thousand pairs of multifaceted eyes all at once , and all she 'd ever got was a migraine and an inclination to make love to flowers .
and water meadows full of ... water , don'tyerknow , and flowers and stuff . ''
stuck to the mirror frame was a dried and faded flower that looked , to magrat , very like the ones she habitually wore in her hair .
wears flowers in her hair and believes in songs , i reckon she 'd be off dancing with the elves quick as a wink , her . ''
magrat looked beseechingly at nanny ogg ; granny weatherwax had wandered off into the gardens , where she was getting a tendency to stick her nose in flowers right out of her system .
- ' is ... an upside d - own picture of a vase of flowers .
but , instead of the usual flowers or chocolate , he seemed to be trying to gift - wrap a city .
but , you know , i ' ve never believed in that stuff - footprints in the flower bed , telltale buttons , stuff like that .
[ 7 ] but the quirm clock is simply a round flower - bed , filled with twenty - four different types of flower , carefully chosen for the regularity of the opening and closing of their petals ... as susan ran past , the purple bindweed was opening and love - in - a - spin was closing .
' i ' ve seen 'em throw flowers and cheer at the opera house- ' ' ha !
just flowers ?
' what is it they actually do with the flowers ? '
well , the fact is- ' the girl looked as fragile as a flower .
' let me see ... ` ` the first wind of autumn shakes the lotus flower .
and behind him , with the sound of seven thousand flower pots smashing together , the lightning still crackling over them , the red army came to attention .
every face watched cohen , turning to follow him as flowers follow the sun .
probably some other wizard would have marched the army out and would n't have been rained on and even now would be parading through the streets of hung- hung while people threw flowers and said , ' my word , there 's a great wizard and no mistake . '
the wind rattled the dried seed - heads of moor land flowers .
and dead flowers , for some reason . '
' dead flowers ? '
' well , not flowers at all , as such .
' dead flowers are lucky ? '
live flowers , certainly , are terribly bad luck on stage .
so ... dead flowers are safe , you might say .
all the stuff about live flowers being unlucky , you remember ?
he 'll probably want to send me flowers and drink champagne out of my shoe ! ! '
' and the flowers ! ! '
the door opened and walter plinge shuffled in , hidden under the bouquets of flowers .
agnes arranged the flowers lancre fashion , which was to hold the pot with one hand and the bouquet in the other and forcibly bring the two into conjunction .
in fact , there were no flowers .
then she sat and watched the ghostly flowers until ... ... ... ... someone coughed .
her face became one with a vase of faded flowers .
' the little folks ' book of flower fairies , ' he muttered .
rincewind could n't quite hear what twoflower was saying , but a few phrases like ' ethnic folkways ' and ' nuts and flowers ' floated across the hushed circle .
it just grew at the edge of the streaming column of water , looking like a cross between a worm and a flower .
it landed just beside the living flower and then rolled , wrenching it from the rock .
all them flowers .
the wizards spread like an opening flower .
and he lived in a sombre land because the human imagination would be rather stretched to let him live somewhere nice with flowers .
' yeah , but i ' m not supposed to be a flower of the desert , right ?
if the table could have a vase of flowers and a placemat with a tasteful view of something nice , so much the better .
it curved back , dipped the terrified insect waist deep in the pollen of a male flower , then coiled back with whiplash speed and slam - dunked it into the embracing petals of the female .
so the bursar found it much more satisfying to live inside his own head , where he did n't have to listen and where there were clouds and flowers .
it was probably the flower in her hair .
trees , grass , flowers ... what did you think it was all for ? '
' er ... well , how do you get flowers and things at the moment ? '
look , you ' ve even done a flower arrangement in a coconut shell ! '
he then spent three whole days performing the closing of the flower at the guild of thieves , where the boy had apparently been left as a baby . '
early morning bumblebees hovered over the opening flowers .
she reached the shop , stepped inside , and paused for a moment to regard the floating flower of broken glass .
` ` about ... flowers and that .
we 're talking flowers and spring here , boss . ''
` ` i reckon i 'd better go and take the lad 's mind off of flowers , then . ''
one of them led back to a life singing songs about love and flowers .
tucked behind his ear , in the place usually reserved for his cigarette , was another wilting lilac flower .
' i 'll go and clean out stronginthearm 's locker , sir , and i expect the lads 'll have a whip - round for flowers and everything ... ' vimes pondered over a sheet of headed paper after the captain had gone .
but there were so many coppers these days ... a whip - round for flowers .
' why 're some of you wearing purple flowers , sarge ? '
' we ought to have brought some flowers , ' said colon , as they made their way through the long grass .
it was lined with gardens , and there were purple flowers on the bushes .
' so what 's wrong with a lilac flower ? '
vimes trailed cigar smoke behind him as he walked down to pseudopolis yard , where he acknowledged the cheers and congratulations and thanked people for the lovely flowers .
' it 's a flower .
anyone can wear a flower . '
a few early flowers braved the night frosts , and the bees started to fly .
next to the book on sheep was a thin little volume called flowers of the chalk .
on the chalk flowers had to be tough and cunning to survive the sheep and the winter blizzards .
someone had colored in the flowers a long time ago .
she had a very sharp , thin nose and was wearing a large black straw hat with paper flowers on it .
` ` and you 're wearing a straw hat with flowers in it , '' tiffany went on .
` ` you only have my word for it , '' said the toad , disappearing into the paper flowers .
she picked up the paper flowers from the ground and stuck them on , carefully .
not a twig was broken , not a flower disturbed .
` ` lovely sunshine , good huntin ' , nice pretty flowers , and wee burdies goin ' cheep . ''
she lay back in her bed and in a quieter voice added , ` ` an ' now i would have the gonnagle play ' the bonny flowers , ' and hope to see yez all again in the last world .
and tiffany had sat by the narrow bed and thought about granny aching , and about the little girl sarah grizzel very carefully painting the flowers in the book , and about the world losing its center .
` ` some o ' the lads actually had a bath in the dewpond , e'en though ' t is only may , and big yan washed under his arms for the first time ever , and daft wullie has picked ye a bonny bunch of flowers ... '' daft wullie stepped forward , swollen with nervous pride , and thrust the aforesaid bouquet into the air .
they probably had been nice flowers , but he did n't have much idea of what a bunch was or how you picked one .
` ` plus there 's a ' that business wi ' the wedding dress and buckets o ' flowers and a ' that kind of stuff , '' said rob anybody , looking more cheerful by the second .
hundreds of swords and battleaxes , and one bunch of battered flowers in the case of daft wullie , were thrust into the air , and the war cry of the nac mac feegle echoed around the chamber .
but it was fine if you kept alert , an ' there was flowers and burdies and summertime .
it was piled up against mounds of greenery and enormous arrangements of flowers .
you could spend a day looking at a flower to see how wonderful it is , and that would n't get the milking done .
her pointy hat was a stealth version , which looked just like a black straw hat with paper flowers on it until you pressed the secret spring .
' she 's got the pointy hat under all them flowers , big yan , ' said the second voice , a bit reproachfully .
every other garden she 'd seen was used for growing vegetables , with perhaps just a little space for flowers if the wife had got tough about it .
' aye , well , the ones you gen'rally see are for the pretty flowers , ye ken , ' said rob anybody , inventing desperately .
it wouldna be fair for only the bonny flowers tae have fairies noo , would it ?
they still had flowers on , but there was nothing like them for getting a feegle safely to the ground .
tears ran down awf'ly wee billy 's face as he played the bonny flowers , the saddest song in the world .
' any flowers out ?
' but right now i need a bow - kwet of flowers , girl .
ca n't go courtin ' without flowers and i ca n't see none .
mr weavall stared at the bunch of flowers for a while , and then straightened up again .
using only the one stick , waving his other arm with the flowers in the air to keep his balance , mr weavall set off with surprising speed .
there were lots of flowers around , and the young woman at the desk gave him a haughty look that was going to cost her employer a lot of money .
can you cry tears on to a clacks , can you smell it , can you enclose a pressed flower ?
miss treason , with her billowing black cloak and bandaged eyes and wild white hair ... miss treason with her two sticks , wandering the cottage and garden in the dark and frosty night , smelling the memory of flowers ... . all witches had some particular skill , and miss treason delivered justice .
` ` not e'en the bits wi ' the flowers ye draw aroound them . ''
and that any flower planted in your garden blooms black ? ''
yes , they were often about the sheep , and other things of the chalk , and sometimes there 'd be a dried flower inside , a harebell or a cowslip .
granny aching would n't have approved of that ; she always said that if the hills had wanted people to pick the flowers , they would have grown more of them .
the hidden pointy bit shot up , scattering paper flowers .
then , walking unsteadily on new legs , he went toward the flower patch where , in the summer , roses had grown .
the lady of the flowers is a nice one .
the myth of the summer lady says that flowers grow wherever she walks , '' said granny weatherwax .
where are you , flower lady ?
let me show you my world , flower lady .
tiffany , flower lady !
because i ' m pretending to be the flower woman ? ''
i might be able to make a few flowers grow , but i can never be her .
i would have thought you would have preferred something rather more refined than - ' he glanced down again , and frowned - ' ` ` something nice working with cats or flowers '' . '
most wizards could create the trees and flowers , and a few had managed the birds .
the nearest wizards craned admiringly over his shoulders , and looked down into a two - foot sphere that showed a delicate , flower - strewn landscape ; there was a lake in the middle distance , complete in every ripple , and purple mountains behind an interesting - looking forest .
to rincewind 's annoyance the luggage barrelled after her , cushioning its fall by dropping heavily on to a slaver , and adding to the sudden panic of the invaders because , while it was bad enough to be attacked with deadly and ferocious accuracy by a rather pretty girl in a white dress with flowers on it , it was even worse for the male ego to be tripped up and bitten by a travel accessory ; it was pretty bad for all the rest of the male , too .
too many flowers and romantic notions and such .
magrat was picking flowers and talking to them .
i 'll have to get some flowers .
he had brought a bottle of sparkling wine and a bouquet of flowers , both of which had gone flat during the journey .
' nonsense , flower of the desert , ' he said , ' it is a profession , at the very least . '
time was when a sacrifice was a sacrifice , not some messing around with a chicken and flowers . '
all done with little flowers , sir . ''
` ` it was just a maddened crocodile hidden in a flower bed , '' said the supreme grand master .
isn ' t it the tradition that the finest flower of womanhood should be sent to the dragon to ensure peace and prosperity ?
they were lining the streets , and they were throwing flowers , and he was being carried triumphantly through the grateful city .
an elderly workman atop a ladder was nailing the stucco back on the walls while another , with a spade , was rather arbitrarily defining the line where the lawn ended and the old flower beds had begun .
their dead hands were wrapped around wilted flowers like a cheerful game gone horribly wrong .
` ` they 're laid out like something from a children 's storybook down to the dancing poses and the flowers in their hands . ''
it was dancing faeries with flowers in their hands .
` ` i believe so , though we 'll have to have some kind of flower expert tell us if the flowers match up bloom for bloom , but except for that our killer has duplicated the scene . ''
` ` i believe so , though we 'll have to have some kind of flower expert tell us if the flowers match up bloom for bloom , but except for that our killer has duplicated the scene . ''
flowers , stones , hills , or trees , like this circle .
` ` oh , check out the flowers , florists , '' i said .
hysterical she was , babbling about the dead being dressed like some child 's story complete with picked flowers in their hands . ''
` ` every faery knows that no flower faery would ever pick a flower and kill it .
` ` every faery knows that no flower faery would ever pick a flower and kill it .
some fey could keep a picked flower alive , but it was not a common talent .
` ` since when did the sidhe give a rat 's ass how many flower faeries were lost in l.a . ?
some flower faeries were very devoted to their plants , especially if they were species specific .
` ` what kind of flower faery is she ? ''
` ` who would know what flower she likes ? ''
his kiss filled my mind with the perfume of flowers , and that first warmth that comes when the snow has finally left and the earth wakes once more .
if we 'd been inside faerie there might have been flowers growing at his feet , but the asphalt driveway was untouched underneath us .
galen said , ` ` does anyone else smell flowers ? ''
` ` flowers again , '' he said , ` ` stronger than before . ''
we held him and the scent of flowers was everywhere .
i sipped my tea , enjoying the jasmine flavor , but honestly , the scent of rhys 's coffee overpowered the delicate perfume of flowers .
` ` i do n't smell flowers , '' rhys said .
they made a pile around him like petals torn from an impatient flower .
i smelled flowers , but it was neither roses nor apple blossoms .
` ` your magic filled the hallway of immortality with plants and flowers ? ''
as far as i can tell , they were flower faeries full - time , whatever that means . ''
` ` it means they tended their special flower or plant and did n't feel the need for money , '' jeremy said .
` ` remember , king , we hide in plain sight from the humans as real butterflies , moths , dragonflies , and flowers .
she did n't turn around , her focus on the field of flowers she stood in .
she walked behind him , still picking flowers .
the grounds of the courtyard were clean , with flowers and trees planted all around the outer edge .
izzy was n't old enough yet to have flowers threaded through her hair like her mother 's .
then , he began slowly removing the flowers threaded through her hair .
he took his time , slowly removing each flower and letting them drop to the floor , making sure to constantly touch the skin on the back of her neck or her shoulders .
carefully , he moved her where he wanted her , so that he could remove all the flowers from her hair .
eventually , dark blue flowers covered the floor around them and her body trembled at every sweep of his hand .
she was stretched out facedown on a bed she was way too small for , her long hair , now clean and smelling delightfully of flowers , hanging over the side and nearly touching the floor .
a few flowers , maybe a candlelight dinner ? ''
he 'd never think to bring her flowers or arrange a romantic dinner in their room .
keita glanced around and saw a contingent of soldiers heading her way and waving - several held flowers .
just flowers and bushes that lined the walk and surrounded the house itself .
she picked a flower that had managed to bloom before the winter set in .
she brought the flower to her nose , sniffed it .
` ` i know the bodice is a bit low cut , '' she said , quickly placing small flowers she 'd brought with her into dagmar 's hair before the northlander could tell her to stop , ` ` but i know my brother 's taste .
` ` like the village slow boy who brings flowers to the pretty neighbor girl ? ''
i ' m off to run up flower hill with branwen . ''
izzy and branwen had run off to the left toward flower hill .
if dagmar had her way , by springtime , there would be nothing but tal grass and flowers down there .
he blinked and suddenly brought his arms around , a bouquet of flowers in his hand .
` ` he was just trying to hand me some flowers ! ''
` ` who was trying to hand you flowers , rhi ? ''
` ` he was trying to hand her flowers .
` ` apparently young albrecht gave rhi flowers .
he gave me flowers the other day and daddy nearly burned his hand off . ''
` ` mum 's not exactly a weak flower . ''
she smelled of woman and flowers , and he thrilled at the sound of her ragged breathing as she answered his passion with her own .
how could i know the nectar - sweet aroma that entered my nose was a delicate flower i could n't even identify by sight ?
` ` he wanted you to feel welcome here and thought some flowers would do just that , '' she said , sounding contemptuous .
she inspected the bouquet of flowers immediately in front of her absently , too caught up in her impassioned speech to pay much attention to anything else .
as we approached the front gates of the manor , we were barraged with the sights and sounds of bustling figures flitting around the outside ; arranging lanterns , flowers and other decor for tonight 's festivities .
` ` frederick here '' -he motioned to the attendant counting back paul 's change- '' promised if flowers , chocolates , poetry , and groveling were n't working on a girl , this would . ''
` ` on the outside , i ' m a delicate flower .
chapter nineteen sacrifice it was like watching a flower blossom in fast forward on the nature channel , seeing paul transform before me .
there was no seriousness in wil iams voice , although i did nt doubt if any other man had tried to rest a flower behind my ear , wil iam would nt have hesitated to carry out his threat .
i slid the top drawer of my dresser open and grabbed the first couple of things that were on top , but then an image of wil iam dressed in a tailored suit , flowers in hand , surrounded by candlelight popped to mind .
he 'd missed that scent , spent entire nights in their closet breathing in her clothes , trying to catch even the faintest whiff of her flowers and musk .
he piled it all on a tray and conjured a flower from the garden , as well as a little vase to put it in , watching the rising sun pour into the kitchen with satisfaction .
only the roses and jasmine of her wedding flowers wafted to her nose .
` ` flower pot .
she 'd arranged to have flowers laid at deirdre 's grave 165 regularly , but had n't found the fortitude to bring them herself .
the room was done in keepsake and heirloom , with wallpaper that had flowers on it , and two couches that did not .
as the gray light of day was cut off , jim killed the motor , sprung his door - the clean , fresh scent of flowers invaded the air .
behind the flimsy barrier , edward lay in state , neither breathing nor in decay , the angel 's body a vase sporting the scent of flowers that were not there .
she did n't make flowers bloom or increase crops , but she did seem to have the ability to rejuvenate marks .
` ` they should be sending these flowers to the funeral home , '' ingram said bitterly .
he 'd rented a suite , bought every beautifully scented flower he could find at the florist 's , and lit the room with a profusion of candles .
she often brought over plants and flowers from her garden .
unlike the last time she was here , she found the sickly sweet fragrance of the atrium flowers almost nauseating .
` ` it 's an unusual flower to keep inside the house , '' the detective said .
alec had moved it there after she 'd ground up the flower in the disposer .
did your bowl come with a flower in it ? ''
in the yard was a tricycle that had seen better days , and a lawn with bare patches and weed - infested flower beds .
her mother 's love of horticulture and feng shui had led to a desire for a curving stone walkway flanked by lush flower beds .
` ` have i ever told you , '' he purred , ` ` how sexy those little flowers you have painted on your big toes are ? ''
` ` you want to replant the flowers in the pots by your front door , '' he whispered in miyoko 's ear .
` ` with flowers painted on your big toes , '' eve went on .
he would send me flowers , ask me on dates when your father was n't looking .
i thought the flowers would cheer the poor souls up . ''
i stopped and caught my breath for a quick second , ready to return to the group of chubby college students , single moms and frail yoga flowers before brock called me miss muffin top again ( such an endearing nickname ) , when i noticed they were done and everyone was staggering back to their cars .
luckily , being a medicine man did n't mean rudy relied on just flowers and hocus pocus to heal people .
i kept my observations to myself as we walked down the darkened hall , the matte lamps that hung overhead in shapes of flowers flickering as we went under them .
the water that lapped along the side of the boat , the dark shapes that swam underneath the steel water , even the flowers that hung from the nearby trees , rising out of the swamp , were absent of any color .
outside there was a large play area - a small grassy field lined with flower beds , a baseball diamond , a woodchip flecked jungle gym complete with swings and slides .
' a rose is a flower .
she appeared to be a very old lady , in a shawl and a straw hat with flowers in it .
' as i recall , the others at that time were a vase of flowers , a heap of sand and three people who had been beheaded . '
no marble columns stood there , and there were precious few flowers either .
i thought it was my imagination at first , but then i was n't so sure ; it seemed as if the flowers out front of the hotel got brighter , opened wider in his presence .
someone -- louann , maybe , if she was n't apocryphal -- had planted a wide variety of flowers around the building in creative tiers of planters .
he felt clover and other weeds and flowers , beginning to grow , not yet brought down by the groundskeepers of riva .
blades lengthened , and were suddenly outstripped by the quick - growing weeds and flowers .
they opened in a mute riot , sudden color flushing along the surface of the earth , and within a few seconds more , grass and flowers alike burst into seed .
she swallowed , and tavi thought that she looked , in that instant , fragile and beautiful , like a flower coated in ice .
all around the pool grew rich foliage , bushes , grass , flowers , even small trees , still arranged as neatly as though kept by a gardener - though tavi had n't seen the place since he was fifteen .
a house with character and dogs barking in the backyard , a flower garden , and a wooded area behind the house like brandon had now .
` ` beritte , you can either tell me where you got the flowers now , or you can wait until i find out , later . ''
holly - bells , the scarlet flowers just beginning to wilt , dropped petals to the floor .
night - blooming flowers poured perfume out into the air , and i stopped to drink it all in .
` ` cher - ` ` ` ` okay , i ' m going to let the palms handle all the catering and flowers and crap - it 's going to be expensive , but there you go .
there were urns that would be filled with flowers in the spring , but it was n't time yet .
but to the rear of the motel , we found one of those ` ` business parks '' : two curving streets with careful , still - small plantings in the flower beds in front of the one - story buildings , each with a parking area .
i found it in the rocks bordering the ho - hum flower bed at the entrance door .
i opened my eyes and walked to a grave still strewn with funeral flowers .
tabitha had been snatched from her yard in an upscale nashville suburb while she was watering the flowers in the beds around the front door of the house on a warm morning during spring break .
i would have a big planter , one of those that looked like a truncated barrel , and i 'd fill it with flowers .
who does n't like to get flowers ?
` ` he 's the kind of man who thinks of flowers , '' i said positively .
harper just got the flowers ; she says she loves them .
that would have crossed a line , after the flowers .
some of the flowers and plants the family had received were arranged in with the food and on the two dining tables , formal and informal .
running all around this wall was a flower bed full with bushes and probably with bulbs that would bloom in the spring and summer .
aside from this , there were groupings of bushes and flowers , much like the groupings of tables and chairs inside the family room .
digging a new flower bed in november ?
her dad was putting in a new flower bed , and felicia put the body in there , deep . ''
there were so many arrangements it looked like a flower shop had exploded - lilies were a theme , and roses , but it being spring i got the rainbow assortment .
next , the genuine louis - the - whatever gilt tables with chunky glass vases of silk flowers .
she 'd been at my funeral , stood there looking at the enormous overblown photo of me wreathed by flowers .
prim named him buttercup , insisting that his muddy yellow coat matched the bright flower .
after we 'd harvested those , we scrounged along inside the fence for probably a mile until we 'd filled the bucket with the dandelion greens , stems , and flowers .
on the other side of the dome , they ' ve built a garden with flower beds and potted trees .
i drag myself over to the honeysuckle bush and pluck a flower .
or maybe it 's a flower .
slowly , one stem at a time , i decorate her body in the flowers .
tonight it sends me rue , still decked in her flowers , perched in a high sea of trees , trying to teach me to talk to the mockingjays .
i find myself wishing i could tell peeta about the flowers i put on rue .
as if the daytime trees and flowers and stones had gone to bed and sent slightly more ominous versions of themselves to take their places .
and buried her in flowers , '' i say .
but i do notice they omit the part where i covered her in flowers .
` ` not all of it , '' i say , tightly holding onto my flowers .
there 's a rose in president snow 's lapel , which at least suggests a source of the flower perfume , but it must be genetically enhanced , because no real rose reeks like that .
my mother has added a small bag of dried flowers that perfumes the air .
cooking , flower arranging , playing the flute .
larger versions of the flower cookies maybe .
i remember how i took care in the arena to cover her with flowers , to make sure her loss did not go unnoticed .
i see her in the yellow flowers that grow in the meadow by my house .
` ` i forgot my flowers , '' i mumble .
we would be safe inside the justice building by now , if i had n't stopped , if i had n't left my flowers .
even the morphlings , who , with peeta 's help , paint me into a field of yellow flowers .
` ` how she looked after katniss had covered her in flowers . ''
a daylong picnic in the flower garden that tinkles with wind chimes .
by late afternoon , i lie with my head on peeta 's lap , making a crown of flowers while he fiddles with my hair , claiming he 's practicing his knots .
she lifts up a trembling hand and paints what i think might be a flower on peeta 's cheek .
the water 's very clear , and schools of bright - hued fish and strange sea flowers decorate the sand floor .
the book falls open to a page with yellow flowers and i shut it quickly because it was peeta 's brush that painted them .
a dab of white peeks out of a vase of dried flowers on my dresser .
no one will fully understand - how it 's not just a flower , not even just president snow 's flower , but a promise of revenge - because no one else sat in the study with him when he threatened me before the victory tour .
no one will fully understand - how it 's not just a flower , not even just president snow 's flower , but a promise of revenge - because no one else sat in the study with him when he threatened me before the victory tour .
long - stemmed pink and red beauties , the very flowers that decorated the set where peeta and i performed our post - victory interview .
drug yourself out and paint flowers on your body .
most of the guests back up , making way for this rarity , this dazzling creation with blue - green , white - tipped icing waves swimming with fish and sailboats , seals and sea flowers .
but when a group of twenty rebel soldiers follow them , they 're blown to bits by a row of potted rosebushes in front of a flower shop .
i sink to my knees on the cold tile and squint at the flower , as the whiteness seems hard to focus on in the stark fluorescent light .
the flower my sister was named for .
the white rose among the dried flowers in the vase .
he named the strange constellations the people of s ? o paulo had drawn in the sky to replace the old constellations of earth - the mule , the stone man , the cactus flower , the sick gringo - and wondered ( he 'd been told , but had forgotten ) which of them had earth 's own sun twinkling in it as a star ?
when the others joined it , it would look like a flower garden swimming up into space .
i had already rolled down the window , and the smell of early spring wafted in , sweet with wild - flowers .
the flower in her hands blazed brilliantly through summer , faded , withered into winter , and died .
` ` i do n't , actually , '' marion said , and dropped the flower .
the words ` ` well and truly screwed '' skipped through my mind , strewing flowers in their path .
fallen flower petals - now wilted - still lurked in some cracks and corners .
still , he could not help feeling a reluctant sympathy for ed deepneau , who had visited carolyn faithfully three times a week during her final confinement at derry home , who always brought flowers , and always kissed her on the cheek when he left .
i need to remember that the man who used to bring me hand - picked flowers now sometimes sits on the porch and talks to someone who is n't there , a man he calls ` ` the little bald doctor . ''
he had filled it with fall flowers less than two hours ago and now a low green mist was sizzling off the stems and surrounding the blooms with a faint , misty glow .
oh my god , i ' m never going to pick another flower in my life .
once in the kitchen he looked first at the vase of flowers , trying to see that strange and gorgeous green mist rising from the stems .
he paused in the kitchen doorway , looking fixedly at the flowers , trying to make that sizzling green mist come .
the green mist rising from the stems of the flowers had been there , all the auras had been there , and ... ` ` and they 're still there , '' he said , and did not know if he should be relieved or appalled by the firmness he heard in his own voice , for right now , why do n't you try being neither , sweetheart.p his thought , carolyn 's voice , good advice .
his faded eyes were wide , and something in them made ralph think of the exalted amp ; revered baby again - of the way she had snatched at the gray - blue marks left by his fingers , and the way she had looked at the flowers sizzling in the vase by the sink .
he thought he had seen the baby grab at the faint auras left by his fingers , and he had been sure she was gawking at the spectral green smoke sizzling off the flowers in the kitchen , but how could he be sure ?
he saw old mrs . bennigan standing on her front porch in her bright red coat , clutching her walker and taking inventory of her fall flowers .
` ` ralph and lois rounded the corner , unseen by the men running all around them , and came to a tangle of police - cars parked at the place where the road became a driveway lined on both sides by pretty planter - boxes filled with bright flowers .
although the separate auras of the objects which filled the storage vault had faded like the scent of flower - petals pressed between the pages of a book , they were still there beneath atropos 's stenchand at this level of perception , with all their senses exquisitely awake and attuned , it was impossible not to sense those auras and be affected by them .
flowers grew everywhere , and even the trees were covered in blossoms .
where i 'd walked , flowers had blossomed , small red ones scattered throughout the grassy path .
a chill ran down my spine as i stared at the flowers on the cacti .
i did n't know what the flowers meant .
` ` home , '' i replied , pulling into the driveway of a well - kept house surrounded by trees and flowers .
fortunato could see des , the elephant - faced joker , done up in chickenwire and flowers .
the flowers glowed red and golden : snap - dragons and sun - flowers , and nasturtiums trailing all over the turf walls and peeping in at the round windows .
he was interested in roots and beginnings ; he dived into deep pools ; he burrowed under trees and growing plants ; he tunnelled into green mounds ; and he ceased to look up at the hill - tops , or the leaves on trees , or the flowers opening in the air : his head and his eyes were downward .
they came a few timid steps further into the room , and began to bow low , feeling strangely surprised and awkward , like folk that , knocking at a cottage door to beg for a drink of water , have been answered by a fair young elf - queen clad in living flowers .
' here 's my goldberry clothed all in silver - green with flowers in her girdle !
near at hand was a flower - garden and a clipped hedge silver - netted , and beyond that grey shaven grass pale with dew - drops .
suddenly tom 's talk left the woods and went leaping up the young stream , over bubbling waterfalls , over pebbles and worn rocks , and among small flowers in close grass and wet crannies , wandering at last up on to the downs .
he saw the elven - flowers spring about her feet , and healed again he longed by her to dance and sing upon the grass untroubling .
' if a man must needs walk in sight of the black gate , or tread the deadly flowers of morgul vale , then perils he will have .
he wished with all his heart that he was back there , and in those days , mowing the lawn , or pottering among the flowers , and that he had never heard of moria , or mithril c or the ring .
primeroles and anemones were awake in the filbert - brakes ; and asphodel and many lily - flowers nodded their half - opened heads in the grass : deep green grass beside the pools , where falling streams halted in cool hollows on their journey down to anduin .
' hither shall the flowers of simbelmyne come never unto world 's end , ' he murmured .
in the valleys of our hills there are flowers fair and bright , and maidens fairer still ; but neither flower nor lady have i seen till now in gondor so lovely , and so sorrowful .
choose a flower name like rose .
but if it 's to be a flower - name , then i do n't trouble about the length : it must be a beautiful flower , because , you see , i think she is very beautiful , and is going to be beautifuller still . '
but if it 's to be a flower - name , then i do n't trouble about the length : it must be a beautiful flower , because , you see , i think she is very beautiful , and is going to be beautifuller still . '
not only were a large bunch of lilies , her favourite flowers , in the bedroom , but the bathroom had been stocked with her usual brand of toiletries .
' the arts are not my field , ' he added , in a way that suggested his was a pretty superior field with much better flowers in it .
peggy had arranged it as a centrepiece , with flowers around it , but the cool sunglasses were getting on his nerves .
' she writes rather out - of - date books on etiquette and household management for young ladies who would like to be the type of women who have time to arrange flowers .
i might as well start dressing in pink and carrying around flowers .
flowers and green plants were strange , alien things to these people ; even vin had trouble visualizing them , and she had heard sazed 's descriptions .
i figure while she 's at it , she might as well bring back the plants and the flowers .
she 'd always carried with her that little picture of a flower , a copied copy of a copy - a depiction of something that had been lost to the final empire long ago .
he carried the picture of a flower in his sleeve pocket , trying to make sense of his conversation with vin .
he pulled it free , surprised to find the picture of a flower that vin had given him , the one that kelsier 's wife had carried .
they were holding hands as they lay amid the flowers .
spook picked it up - one side had a faded drawing of a flower , the very picture he 'd been thinking about moments before .
out there , you do n't have to wear lacy dresses or smell like flowers .
` ` i like the lacy dresses and smelling like flowers .
the carriage was approaching the bridge to the field of rebirth ; the blanket of green grass and blooming marewill flowers rose in a gradual hillside slope .
wayne breathed in , smelling the humidity of the canal , the scents of wheat in the fields and flowers at their feet .
but flowers and dirt ... not so much .
i could n't see it happening , it was like trying to watch a flower bloom , but it was growing bigger .
i watched the pale blue lines on his arm flow into shapes , flowers and vines , and move down his hand and across my skin .
a spring rain , something gentle , to coax the flowers out .
until , at the end , it was just what you saw when we entered - a bare patch where a flower garden once grew , surrounded by a fringe of dead trees . ''
finally , the blooms spread across the island , so that the ground was nearly solid with tiny , airy flowers , moving not in a breeze - for there was none - but nodding as if the flowers were speaking to one another .
what could come to his flowers in the dark ?
rhys 's voice came , cautious : ` ` you wear a crown of flowers , king sholto .
he was running across the snowy field with flowers following in his wake , as if wherever he stepped , spring returned .
` ` we came out of the walls and floors - and trees and flowers , and shining marble came with us , '' aisling said .
the walls melted away , and flowers sprang up in the cells .
andais walked over the rise of the last gentle hill , following galen 's trail of flowers .
there is a field of flowers in my torture chamber . ''
hands and legs trembling , i darted around potted flowers that threw a heavy , sweet scent into the air , and dashed down the steep staircase that led off the deck and onto a gravel driveway .
he led me up the cobblestone sidewalk , around the neatly manicured bushes and creamy flowers that carried a faint sweet scent .
i was grateful to receive a flower from anyone - but i was disappointed that it was n't from brandon .
` ` thanks for the flower , '' i said .
there was no way i was going to kiss nash , even for the kind gesture of a flower .
` ` here , you can have this , '' i said flatly , placing the flower on top of her suitcase .
i raced back to juliette 's and grabbed the flower .
i clutched the flower to my chest and held it as if it were him .
` ` thank you for the flower , '' i said , meeting him by the fence .
he leaned over and said , ` ` i did n't know how you 'd react to getting a flower from a werewolf . ''
flowers indeed they were , not trees , and far down among their roots he caught a pale hint of slab - like architecture .
it 's on hot summer days - looking up at the deep blue and thinking that in there , millions of miles deep where i can never , never get back to it , there 's a place i know , and flowers at that very moment growing over meldilorn , and friends of mine , going about their business , who would welcome me back .
as they streamed off him and were caught in the wind , i perceived them to be flowers .
` ` that 's rather a beautiful flower , '' said i , handing it to him .
she appeared to be thinking for a few moments , so intently that the flowers dropped , unregarded , from her hand .
the ghastly inappropriateness of the idea had , all in one moment , stolen something from the colours of the landscape and the scent of the flowers .
and soon the ground on which he trod was carpeted with the same flowers and he must crush them as he walked ; and here at last his bleeding left no visible trace .
she opened like a flower to sunlight , her arms closing around him , her legs parting beneath him .
she gripped the small bouquet of flowers lilly had managed to rustle up from somewhere along with the dress , and gazed deep into darce 's eyes .
since by the time mrs . cake fell out with whatever priests were currently moderating between her and the gods , she had usually already taken over the flower arrangements , altar dusting , temple cleaning , sacrificial stone scrubbing , honorary vestigial virgining , hassock repairing and every other vital religious support role by sheer force of personality , her departure resulted in total chaos .
ridcully eyed the huge bunch of flowers now gripped in the bursar 's fist .
death had always wondered why people put flowers on graves .
you gave me quite a start - '' i have brought you some flowers .
goddam sheets do n't even match - you got a white one on the bottom , and one with flowers on it on top .
` ` the flowers , '' she muttered .
` ` i came out to take a little walk and see whose flowers were out , that 's all . ''
a man who looked like woody allen with his hornrimmed glasses and freckles and his shapeless blue hat crushed down on top of his head looked up from watering his flowers and gave her a little wave .
some were presidents , and some were flowers , and some were dogs .
he found what he was looking for in the fifth and last drawer down the line : two oven gloves with flower patterns .
two things were certain : this was the first time in his life he 'd ever brought flowers to a woman he did n't know , and he had n't felt this nervous about asking for a date since he 'd been sixteen years old .
the two of them stood looking at each other across the doorjamb of rosie 's second - floor room on tremont street , he with his bouquet of spring flowers from the shop two doors down on hitchens avenue , she with her two - pound can of fruit cocktail raised over her head , and although the pause could not have lasted more than two or three seconds , it seemed very long to him .
it was terrifying to think it might be , because part of her was happy - happy that bill steiner had come to see her , happy that he had brought flowers , happy that he had asked her to dinner .
she opened the window , letting in the mild late - spring air and the sounds of the park , then crossed to her small kitchen table where a paperback lay beside the flowers bill had brought her on monday night .
the flowers were fading now , but she did n't think she could bring herself to throw them out .
she doubted very much if they would fly like that no matter how many magic words she tried , but she thought she would keep the flowers awhile longer , anyway .
it was a clover flower .
suddenly , and with no forethought at all , she raised her hand to the level of her lips and puffed the tiny flower toward the picture .
the pink flower struck the glass covering the painting ( unusual for an oil to be covered with glass , robbie had said on the day she met him ) , bounced off , and fluttered to the floor like a tiny shred of balled - up tissue - paper .
that the crickets and the clover flower somehow got out of the painting ?
` ` pass through the door on the other side of the altar and you gon na find yourself in a garden where all the plants n flowers are dead !
the garden was divided into two parts - flowers on the left , veggies on the right - but it was all dead .
she had walked to the back of the little graveyard after putting fresh flowers on their graves , wanting to collect herself , and had been horrified to find drifts of rotting flowers piled in the declivity between the stone wall and the woods behind the cemetery .
she had walked to the back of the little graveyard after putting fresh flowers on their graves , wanting to collect herself , and had been horrified to find drifts of rotting flowers piled in the declivity between the stone wall and the woods behind the cemetery .
rosie looked hastily away from the flowers , but at first what she saw in the moribund vegetable patch was no better : one of the rows appeared to be full of blood .
you bet , norman thought , and began to roll his bestickered wheelchair down one of the concrete flower - bordered paths which led into the picnic area .
he looked down and saw the bullmask staring up at him from its place in the passenger - side footwell : empty eyes , disquieting wrinkled smile , absurd flower - decked horns .
it was the face of a bat in which had been set the bright mad eyes of a rabid fox ; it was the face of a supernally beautiful goddess seen in an illustration hidden within some old and dusty book like a rare flower in a weedy vacant lot ; it was the face of his rose , whose looks had always been lifted just slightly beyond plainness by the timid hope in her eyes and the slight , wistful curve of her mouth at rest .
the flowers - the whifebells , the fairbells and the silverbells , the tinklebells and the ringaroses ; the rhymeroyals and the pennywhistles , the tintrumpets and the creamhorns ( a very pale cream ) , and many others with untranslatable names - made tunes all day long .
some stirred as if just waking from deep sleep ; some were already running wide awake and laughing : they were digging , gathering flowers , building tents and houses , chasing butterflies , kicking balls , climbing trees ; and all were singing .
extraordinary things took place there afterwards : all the flowers went mad , and the vegetables were monstrous , and the fishes that ate them were turned into sea - worms , sea - cats , sea - cows , sea - lions , sea - tigers , sea - devils , porpoises , dugongs , cephalopods , manatees , and calamities , or merely poisoned ; and phantasms , visions , bewilderments , illusions , and hallucinations sprouted so thick that nobody had any peace in the palace at all , and they were obliged to move .
collectively , they turned for the door and sydney found a familiar elfin - looking flower child standing there , crying .
ignoring the flower child , he reached for sydney , fear for her in his fierce expression .
nicca stepped out of the trees , and wherever he walked flowers sprang up .
were the flowers as joyful to be ridden ?
he fed at my mouth like it was a flower , and i fed at his like it was a cup .
sage went very still as he stood between doyle and me , then i saw his wings shiver , like flowers caressed by a strong wind .
then i realized that it was the flowers ; the flowers had grown wings and filled the sky .
with the guards around me , and the police around them , i felt like a very short flower inside some very tall walls .
his wings were held tight together , drooping like a frostbitten flower behind him .
to watch him truly dance upon the floor at a gathering of the sidhe was to watch him the way you watched flowers in a wind , or the sway of branches in spring .
he floated underneath me , his hair flowing out in a halo of blue , green , grey , navy , turquoise , and his face caught like a flower in the center of all that color , all that movement .
not visibly , not like we could actually see the wound closing , but like trying to watch flowers bloom .
he named the strange constellations the people of sandatilde ; o paulo had drawn in the sky to replace the old constellations of earth - the mule , the cactus flower , the sick gringo - and wondered ( he 'd been told , but had forgotten ) which of them had earth 's own sun twinkling in it as a star .
a perfect circle of flowers growing in the grass . ''
no circle of flowers grew here now , but as i approached that junction , i could feel a slight thinness between this world and the other one .
sunset threw reddish - orange light onto their house , and the scent of her flower garden filled the air .
` ` one moment , gentle flower , '' he hollered back .
go enjoy your flowers . ''
` ` it 's good to know what flowers are what .
just thinking about flowers .
a larger cluster of the flowers sat on my tailbone , and then smaller tendrils extended outward on both sides , almost to my hips .
` ` violets have sort have become my patron flower , '' i explained , ` ` because of my eyes . ''
i did n't really like the thought of a bunch of gentry bringing me flowers and chocolate , but i liked it better than rape .
she went for walks , sometimes planted flowers .
why trees and not flowers ?
` ` i was going to plant some flowers . ''
i had no idea what it was , but the cloth 's smooth texture felt like a flower petal .
as i was about to pay , i passed a display of flowers .
those kind did not send flowers and usually avoided most romantic gestures altogether .
as for the guys who did send flowers , well , i avoided them .
` ` you sent yourself flowers ? ''
i walked over to him , and he handed me a vase of flowers teeming with shades of purple and dark pink .
i stood up and looked at roman , juggling the vase of flowers as i did .
i appreciate the flowers , but i just ca n't get involved right now .
once inside , i set the flowers on my counter and put the phone back to my ear .
it seemed unfair to give roman 's flowers competition , so i put carter 's on the windowsill in my bedroom .
the flowers themselves had only been part of a small act , but something about them made me realize i could not sit passively by and let roman kill carter .
fake flowers wreathed black hair that had been pulled into a bun .
we played for another hour , but after my team got ` ` oncology , '' ` ` the devil and daniel webster , '' and ` ` war of 1812 , '' and theirs got ` ` heart , '' ` ` flower , '' and ` ` smile , '' i decided to go home .
i could see myself with flowers in my hands and a veil on my head .
i found some awesome flowers that go with it all too . ''
one moment the spell was golden and bright , the next it fell away like the petals of some great flower opening for us .
no matter how beautiful , the trees and flowers inside our sithens should not be formed of metal and rock .
i offered the cup with its flower petals to the lords , and they drank from it .
flower petals began to rain down upon the bed .
not just the rose petals that sometimes fell around me , but flowers of all colors and kinds .
we kissed , and his free hand with its ring of flowers cradled my face .
i tried to think how we must look to them , crowned with living flowers , covered in the magic of the goddess , but in the end , i could n't imagine .
the thought was solid enough to wake me , but the blanket of flower petals tucked itself under my chin , like a mother tucking you in when you are very small , and again i had that feeling that nothing could harm me .
chapter sixteen i woke to the brush of flowers , and the spill of hair as warm as fur across my face .
` ` but it was mostly flowers and sunshine .
there was a sound like bells , and the scent of flowers , though not roses .
the scent of flowers rode the air , as if a breath of summer 's heat trickled across the cold moonlight .
` ` do you smell flowers ? ''
colorful pillows to hide a few worn patches on the couch , flowers in oddly shaped vases to cover scratches on the end tables .
take her to a place where she 'd never hold a book again , never see flowers like the ones in the ornate vase on the end table next to her .
i wanted to give her flowers , buy her candy , serenade her underneath a balcony , write her poetry , carve her initials in a tree .
the walls of the next room were painted with flowers .
i had read a book about earth flowers and was trying to identify them when the room went black .
it captured a handsome man in a sailor suit , holding a white flower .
but some of those flowers remained .
` ` i ' m not a hothouse flower .
never judged anything in my life , except at a flower show .
and she rejoiced also in the consciousness of her own beauty ; for she had the sensation - it may have been false in fact , but it had nothing to do with vanity - that it was growing and expanding like a magic flower with every minute that passed .
` ` we 'll do the flowers this afternoon . ''
her love was given to trees and to the flowers of the wild , and she was a singer and a maker of songs .
chapter ii the battle of unnumbered tears many songs are yet sung and many tales are yet told by the elves of the nirnaeth arnoediad , the battle of unnumbered tears , in which fingon fell and the flower of the eldar withered .
for thingol sent messengers to morwen as often as he might , and she sent back words for her son ; thus turin heard that morwen 's plight was eased , and that his sister nienor grew in beauty , a flower in the grey north .
against his will he remembered the hidden kingdom , and he seemed to hear the names of the flowers of doriath as echoes of an old tongue almost forgotten .
' to learn what she could teach , maybe , ' said beleg , ' if no more than a few elven - words of the names of woodland flowers .
but lalaith was a child , a yellow flower in the green grass of spring ; and had she lived she would now , maybe , have become dimmed with grief .
she took the scissors from him and began to cut the clumps of blossom , and she and the three men started to fill the baskets with the flowers .
` ` we need to fill all four baskets , '' said the smaller man , ` ` and then distribute a flower to everyone in the old town . ''
` ` everyone in the old town gets a flower , '' said the small man .
` ` ah , '' he said , and he pushed his chest out , displaying the little white flower to the world , and walked off , proud as punch .
she pinned the flower to the young woman 's winter coat .
she stuck the flower for the baby to its coat with tape .
everywhere he went he saw people wearing the white flowers .
not everyone took a flower , but most people did .
` ` can i have a flower as well ? ''
he sucked at it while the man pinned the flower to bod 's sweater .
when the winter flowers bloom in the graveyard on the hill they are cut and given out to everybody , man or woman , young or old , rich or poor . ''
bod wondered if he could hear it better because he was wearing the flower -- he could make out a beat , like distant drums , and a skirling , hesitant melody that made him want to pick up his heels and march in time to the sound .
she glanced up at the man beside her for guidance : he wore a robe and pajamas and slippers , and he had a white flower pinned to the lapel of his robe .
that business in san francisco four years ago- '' ` ` was unfortunate , but like the flowers that bloom in the spring , tra - la , absolutely nothing to do with the case .
he put down the flowers in front of the stone , respectfully .
palm trees and native flowers adorned the land below the palace and the incense from within created a distinct scent , in combination with the gentle breeze that swept in from the sea.i could n't believe i had ever forgotten this smell.just as i could n't believe i had ever forgotten the fear and desolation that we had felt here ... it was crushing.it rested heavily upon my heart now , as if it had been there all along .
the gentle breeze lifted my hair away from my forehead and i inhaled the floral scent in the air as it drifted towards us over the magnificent royal gardens.bright blue lotus flowers drifted serenely in small rock - lined ponds , while white chickpeas softly swayed in the breeze intertwined with intricately sculpted shrubbery.cleopatra bent and picked a lotus blossom , tucking it behind her ear as i stood in the serene garden and watched .
then tinuviel in her amaze followed not straightway , for she understood not his words at once , and knowing she could not run or leap so hardily as her brother she slipped suddenly down among the white hemlocks and hid herself beneath a very tall flower with many spreading leaves ; and here she looked in her white raiment like a spatter of moonlight shimmering through the leaves upon the floor .
to one of these houses that was adorned with strange rude carvings , and flowers bloomed bright about it , did turambar lead now niniel .
withered were all the flowers and the grass , and the voice of the falling water was sadder than tears for the death of the white maiden nienori daughter of urin that there had been .
there he stood knee- deep in the grass and heard no more the hum of insects , nor the murmur of the river borders , and the odour of flowers entered not into his nostrils ; but he heard the sound of waves and the wail of sea - birds , and his soul leapt for rocky places and the ledges that reek of fish , for the splash of the diving cormorant and those places where the sea bores into the black cliffs and yells aloud .
and the chief of the guard made answer : ` ` ' t is said and ' t is sung : ' gondobar am i called and gondothlimbar , city of stone and city of the dwellers in stone ; gondolin the stone of song and gwarestrin am i named , the tower of guard , gar thurion or the secret place , for i am hidden from the eyes of melko ; but they who love me most greatly call me loth , for like a flower am i , even lothengriol the flower that blooms on the plain . '
and the chief of the guard made answer : ` ` ' t is said and ' t is sung : ' gondobar am i called and gondothlimbar , city of stone and city of the dwellers in stone ; gondolin the stone of song and gwarestrin am i named , the tower of guard , gar thurion or the secret place , for i am hidden from the eyes of melko ; but they who love me most greatly call me loth , for like a flower am i , even lothengriol the flower that blooms on the plain . '
so came and passed with revelry of children the festival of nost - na - lothion or the birth of flowers , and the hearts of the gondothlim were uplifted for the good promise of the year ; and now at length is that great feast tarnin austa or the gates of summer near at hand .
there stood the house of the golden flower who bare a rayed sun upon their shield , and their chief glorfindel bare a mantle so broidered in threads of gold that it was diapered with celandine as a field in spring ; and his arms were damascened with cunning gold .
but turgon said : ` ` evil have i brought upon the flower of the plain in despite of ulmo , and now he leaveth it to wither in the fire .
then some of the hugest of the drakes came on and glared in the fog , and he must perforce bid the company to go at a run , fighting on the left at haphazard ; but glorfindel held the rear manfully and many more of the golden flower fell there .
because of their love , despite the haste and their fear of the advent of new foes , tuor let raise a great stone - cairn over glorfindel just there beyond the perilous way by the precipice of eagle - stream , and thorndor has let not yet any harm come thereto , but yellow flowers have fared thither and blow ever now about that mound in those unkindly places ; but the folk of the golden flower wept at its building and might not dry their tears .
because of their love , despite the haste and their fear of the advent of new foes , tuor let raise a great stone - cairn over glorfindel just there beyond the perilous way by the precipice of eagle - stream , and thorndor has let not yet any harm come thereto , but yellow flowers have fared thither and blow ever now about that mound in those unkindly places ; but the folk of the golden flower wept at its building and might not dry their tears .
there they take the name of lothlim , the people of the flower , for gondothlim is a name too sore to their hearts ; and fair among the lothlim earendel grows in the house of his father , ~ and the great tale of tuor is come to its waning . '
clorfindel ' led the golden flower and was the best beloved of the gondothlim , save it be ecthelion , but who shall choose .
nfg has ' los is a flower and in eldarissa losse which is a rose ' ( all after the word ' flower ' struck out ) .
nfg has ' los is a flower and in eldarissa losse which is a rose ' ( all after the word ' flower ' struck out ) .
the entry in nfg reads : ' lathlim being for loslim meaneth folk of the flower , and is that name taken by the exiles of gondolin ( which city they had called los afore- time ) . '
the smell of the flowers , the deep pleasure of the cigarette and the promise of weekends with gaia ; everything blended together into a glorious symphony of elation and beauty as andrew puffed up the hill .
gradually they reached the newer graves of highly polished black marble with gold lettering , places where fresh flowers had been laid for the recently dead .
there was no headstone yet ; but fresh flowers lay all along it .
there had been a tinkling bunch of glass flowers in a glass vase , a plastic pink paperweight with a shell in it and terri 's favourite , a rearing pottery horse with a silly smile on its face .
there had been hanging baskets full of flowers ; splashes of purple , pink and green , and every time krystal had passed one of the planted troughs outside the black canon , she had pulled off a petal .
gavin saw a grave purely as a marker for the place where a corpse was decomposing ; a nasty thought , yet people took it into their heads to visit and bring flowers , as though it might yet recover .
the blackthorn bloomed bright , tempting the flowers to follow .
she turned once to look at the stone , the flowers , the home she 'd once known .
by six , fueled with coffee , she headed out once again past the fountains and flowers and green lawns to the thick woods .
` ` branna did the flower . ''
the pretty shops and pubs and restaurants , the little hotel , the flowers in pots and window boxes tipped down the road in the shadow of the ruined abbey .
the dresser , small scale again , bloomed with painted flowers against the same creamy white as the headboard .
` ` getting air pretty well , and i ' ve done the flowers in the workshop , so earth 's coming along .
from the freshly turned earth flowers burst , bloomed , spread .
not one that included poetry and flowers , and her romantic sensibilities would have relished just that .
but when your heart aimed toward a man like boyle , you had to learn to find poetry in brief words and long silences , and flowers in an unexpected mug of tea pushed into your hands or a quick nod of approval .
and who needed flowers when the man could kiss the breath out of her ?
and like those brave flowers , she determined to bloom .
one day we should come back , one day when this is finished , and leave flowers on her grave . ''
i ' m thinking flowers wo n't do the trick here . ''
` ` she 's a romantic soul , our iona , but flowers are paltry considering the insult . ''
` ` i ' m not going around buying flowers and baubles to put a patch on it .
the flowers , the bauble will make her smile , when she 's ready .
he stuffed his hands in his pockets , stood in the cool morning air , and wished he 'd gotten the damn flowers .
but she could n't do it , not when he 'd brought her flowers and a sincere apology .
she found a large , pretty vase of mossy green , branna 's kitchen flower scissors , and the flower food her cousin made herself .
she found a large , pretty vase of mossy green , branna 's kitchen flower scissors , and the flower food her cousin made herself .
so bright , so pretty , with all the flowers beside her .
she 'd leave the flowers on the table , for everyone to enjoy .
iona planted flowers and vegetables and herbs with her cousins , scraped mud off her boots , put in long hours at the stables , long hours with the craft .
` ` fix those flowers now , as it 's your rump that crushed them . ''
` ` iona , the man brought you flowers , and i ' m thinking the only woman he 's carried bouquets to might be his ma or his granny .
she 'd meant everything she 'd said to him when he 'd brought the flowers to her , the apology to her .
she laid the flowers by the stone , poured wine over the ground in tribute .
hannah followed eliza into the backyard and through the vegetable and flower gardens pea used to spend so much time tending .
there was an old lawn chair to the side of the entrance and flowers growing wildly .
suzan , carrying a wicker basket full of the flowers , jogged behind them to keep them supplied .
` ` i think i ' ve seen those flowers , '' she said .
he walked toward them with a bouquet of the blue flowers in his skinny outstretched hand and hesitantly offered them to cassie .
they 'd asked cassie to bring over the flowers from a rare herb in her garden - the plymouth gentian .
cassie felt for the paper bag containing the flowers in her tote , as if to remind herself of the errand 's importance .
her beaten body hung from the wooden post limp and wilted like a dying flower .
the platform would be a jury - rigged affair of plain boards , anders peyna knew , but he also knew that enough flowers and bunting would cover the rude spots .
if the citizens got the feeling that everything was still all right in spite of the terrible thing that had happened , peyna did n't care how many flower girls got splinters .
the flower girls were turned away - many of them in tears - by the home guards .
i think that real friendship always makes us feel such sweet grat - itude , because the world almost always seems like a very hard desert , and the flowers that grow there seem to grow against such high odds .
it faced south and was still warm and filled with the light of the westering sun which slanted into it , and fell golden on the garden full of flowers that came right up to the steps .
here they sat on wooden benches while gandalf began his tale , and bilbo swung his dangling legs and looked at the flowers in the garden , wondering what their names could be , as he had never seen half of them before .
they wondered if they were still lying there.unharmed in the hall below : the spears that were made for the armies of the great king bladorthin ( long since dead ) , each had a thrice - forged head and their shafts were inlaid with cunning gold , but they were never delivered or paid for ; shields made for warriors long dead ; the great golden cup of thror , two - handed , hammered and carven with birds and flowers whose eyes and petals were of jewels ; coats of mail gilded and silvered and impenetrable ; the necklace of girion , lord of dale , made of five hundred emeralds green as grass , which he gave for the arming of his eldest son in a coat of dwarf - linked rings the like of which had never been made before , for it was wrought of pure silver to the power and strength of triple steel .
coming to a rise he could see his own hill in the distance , and he stopped suddenly and said : ` ` roads go ever ever on , over rock and under tree , by caves where never sun has shone , by streams that never find the sea ; over snow by winter sown , and through the merry flowers of june , over grass and over stone , and under mountains in the moon .
laurel 's side of the room was draped with green plants , herbs , and flowers .
also , the flowers twined through the wrought - iron staves of the ornamental gate were long dead .
he led topsy through the gate with its adornments of dead flowers and down the high street .
there were flowers in these grassy strips , and while they looked parched , most were still alive .
ser glendon flowers , the knight of the pussy willows .
he wheeled his mount in an angry circle and shouted , ` ` i am glendon ball , not glendon flowers .
the flower of maynard plumm gave a laugh .
ser morgan clubbed her brother a knight , right there in the pussywillows in front of twenty witnesses , and afterwards little sister took him upstairs and let him pluck her flower .
old fools and young malcontents still make pilgrimages to the redgrass field to plant flowers on the spot where daemon blackfyre fell .
flowers swung upon her branches in clusters of yellow flame , formed each to a glowing horn that spilled a golden rain upon the ground ; and from the blossom of that tree there came forth warmth and a great light .
in beleriand in those days the elves walked , and the rivers flowed , and the stars shone , and the night - flowers gave forth their scents ; and the beauty of melian was as the noon , and the beauty of luthien was as the dawn in spring .
in the days of the trees arien had tended the golden flowers in the gardens of vana , and watered them with the bright dews of laurelin ; but tilion was a hunter of the company of orome , and he had a silver bow .
he was a lover of silver , and when he would rest he forsook the woods of orome , and going into lorien he lay hi dream by the pools of este , in telperion 's flickering beams ; and he begged to be given the task of tending for ever the last flower of silver .
but as the host of fingolfin marched into mithrim the sun rose flaming in the west ; and fingolfin unfurled his blue and silver banners , and blew his horns , and flowers sprang beneath his marching feet , and the ages of the stars were ended .
south of nan - tathren was a region of meads filled with many flowers , where few folk dwelt ; and beyond lay the marshes and isles of reed about the mouths of sirion , and the sands of his delta empty of all living things save birds of the sea .
keen , heart - piercing was her song as the song of the lark that rises from the gates of night and pours its voice among the dying stars , seeing the sun behind the walls of the world ; and the song of luthien released the behind the walls of the world ; and the song of luthien released the bonds of winter , and the frozen waters spoke , and flowers sprang from the cold earth where her feet had passed .
now beren and luthien tinuviel went free again and together walked through the woods renewing for a time their joy ; and though winter came it hurt them not , for flowers lingered where luthien went , and the birds sang beneath the snow clad hills .
but the spirit of luthien fell down into darkness , and at the last it fled , and her body lay like a flower that is suddenly cut off and lies for a while unwithered on the grass .
then dreadful was their plight , and hardly would they have been saved by the valour of yellow - haired glorfindel , chief of the house of the golden flower of gondolin , had not thorondor come timely to their aid .
with the aid of cirdan earendil built vingilot , the foam - flower , fairest of the ships of song ; golden were its oars and white its timbers , hewn in the birchwoods of nimbrethil , and its sails were as the argent moon .
and when the wind was in the west , it seemed to many that it was filled with a fragrance , fleeting but sweet , heart - stirring , as of flowers that bloom for ever in undying meads and have no names on mortal shores .
she was just a girl in an apron , doing slightly dainty things in the background , such as light dusting and arranging flowers .
' and the meeting of the dolly sisters ' baking and flower circle annual competition had to be abandoned last night because the cake table got knocked over .
he read : ' ` ` the dolly sisters ' baking and flower circle annual competition was held in the reading room in lobbin clout street , dolly sisters .
said william , handing him sacharissa 's report of the flowers and cookery meeting .
for a start he was grey , shading to green in places , and smelled very strongly of artificial hyacinth aftershave , some of the more recent zombies having realized that their chance of making friends in their new life would be greatly improved if they smelled of flowers rather than just smelled .
it must have been done by corporal nobbs , because he was the only person who would add a pipe and draw in some flowers and clouds .
the little flowers of perpetual annoyance , ' he said .
but ... it 's a nice day today , the birds is singing , there 's stuff like ... kittens and stuff , and the sun is shining off the snow , bringin ' the promise of spring to come , with flowers , and fresh grass , and more kittens and hot summer days an ' the gentle kiss of the rain and wonderful clean things which you wo n't ever see if you do n't give us what 's in that drawer 'cos you 'll burn like a torch you double - dealing twisty dried - up cheating son of a bitch ! '
instead , i gave him a dazzling smile , one that grew larger when i saw he carried a bouquet of flowers .
i gestured with my fork to the flowers - an arrangement of brightly colored gerbera daisies .
in fact , art himself was out in the yard , weeding flower beds as the afternoon light turned orange .
i could see his face lost in thought as he painted flowers or suns or whatever , his clever , sensual hands taking their time as they lightly touched my body ... . no , not my body .
they are too lazy and slow to do well on the examinations , and the scarlet flower breed all like fighting too much , so they are not good for anything else . ''
` ` she hopes you and temeraire will take tea with her tomorrow in the ten thousand lotus palace , in the morning before the flowers open . ''
the particular palace lay within the walls of the immense forbidden city , easily identifiable from aloft : two huge dragon pavilions on either side of a long pond almost choked with water - lilies , the flowers still closed within their buds .
as the last unfurled flowers came to rest , the dragons all tapped their claws against the flagstones in a clicking noise , a kind of applause .
he wanted to know everything about our country and language and ancestors and gods , and even our plants and flowers .
and out of that seed there grew up , in one moment , a huge , foolish flower of fancies .
but flowers did n't blink and fruit did n't roll around to follow your movements .
` ` those flowers put out a scent that gives a feeling of great happiness and well - being , '' said hamnet .
when she walked past , the wizards felt the urge to write poetry and buy flowers .
there were battle - axes and war hammers , but all with that certain feminine touch : one war axe , apparently capable of cleaving a backbone lengthwise , was beautifully engraved with flowers .
glenda only started to think properly again some time later , when she was hit on the head by a bunch of flowers .
she found that it contained people , heat and flowers - not flowers in bunches , but in pillars and towering stacks , filling most of the air with clouds of sticky perfume while the people below filled the rest of it with words , tightly packed .
there was the word swain , for example , which was a definite marker , and quite a lot about flowers and quite a lot of what looked like pleading , wrapped up in fancy letters , and after a while she took out her handkerchief and fanned the air around her face .
` ` so i ' m a fragile flower , am i ? ''
a flower in a field of weeds was always a sight , but if you passed cultivated flower beds every day , none of them drew your notice .
a flower in a field of weeds was always a sight , but if you passed cultivated flower beds every day , none of them drew your notice .
the flower beds were empty- flowers were hesitant to bloom this spring - but the lawn was greener than most he had seen .
the flower beds were empty- flowers were hesitant to bloom this spring - but the lawn was greener than most he had seen .
the walls were hung with tasteful still - life paintings - a bowl of fruit on the wall behind the bar , a vase of flowers on the wall opposite it .
it was good to see flowers that were n't wilted or dying , if only in the wolf dream .
she seemed to grow more regal by the day ; it was like watching a flower blossom .
` ` back in emond 's field , there was a patch of fine , cultivated emond 's glory flowers near a brook .
and then he thought to build a neat path of river stones through the patch , cultivating the flowers to the sides .
rand had set that throne aside and protected it , like a flower he intended to present to a future love .
` ` i ' ve seen aes sedai make flowers bloom in winter '' .
it took him some searching , poking through dried shrubs and past dead flower beds , to find tuon .
` ` mat , a bloody flower '' .
` ` a bloody flower around her head '' , min said .
the nature of bryne 's trap had been subtle , as hard to see as a yellow flower - spider crouching on a petal .
overgrown with life : vines , grass , flowers .
there 's a white van with dark - tinted windows and a magnetic sign that says it 's from a flower shop .
i recognized the tablecloth , which was something of mom 's that she 'd left me - a gigantic crocheted ecru thing , big enough to use as a car cover - but sarah had dressed it up with an accenting silk - tasseled runner , candles , a bowl of fresh flowers floating in water .
i ' m not some fragile little flower !
the flower in the top buttonhole of his jacket , which he wears in memory of bec , is drooping and has shed most of its petals .
the room had been cleared , the floor swept and beautiful rugs had been put down , rugs covered with flowers woven in the wool .
and then beside me , i saw right in front of me tiny flowers growing in the grass , so very little i had n't noticed them before , flowers with white petals and yellow hearts .
and then beside me , i saw right in front of me tiny flowers growing in the grass , so very little i had n't noticed them before , flowers with white petals and yellow hearts .
i found flowers so sweet that i wanted to pick them and make them grow at home .
like a withered flower ready to drop from the vine .
i 'd seen generations of young maidens grow up , each fresh and lovely to behold as any flower in the wild .
i remember feeling this perhaps for the very first time when we came to this place , all of us together , and i walked up the hill above nazareth and saw the green grass alive with flowers , the tiniest flowers - so many flowers , and all of it , grass and flowers and trees , moving as if in a great dance .
he makes shemayah look like a flower of the field for cheerfulness and sweetness .
others were still gathering flowers and making garlands .
flower petals were hurled in the air .
it had been strewn with flowers .
reporters were pressing too close , trampling the flowers , even shoving .
billie called a minute and a half later to say she loved it , especially the stuff about the crisis counselors , and the flowers getting totally trampled by the press .
those flowers on the table came from my garden , '' he said .
he , d compared her to a flower that had to be crushed underfoot .
that would be wonderful , he said , the greener , the more full of flowers , the better .
they ordered flowers for the main rooms , and specialty desserts from the nearest bakery .
crashing into the potted trees and flowers , the two figures merged as the doctor let loose a desperate boiling tirade in russian before the man wolf ripped his head off as he had done to the woman doctor and threw the head back into the great room where it rolled across the floor before the open door .
it struck him suddenly that he should have brought a little gift with him , flowers perhaps , or even maybe ... a ring .
i look at the flowers , and i swear i can see them grow , see them blossoming , see them dying . ''
celeste was coming for lunch , and if reuben called the florist on columbus avenue they could have flowers here by one o'clock .
he moved away as the man approached the little mausoleum but he could still hear felix thanking the man and telling him that the flowers should be placed outside .
at any university function in the day , she 'd have on some big brimmed hat , usually with flowers .
a huge arrangement of fresh flowers stood before the iron gates of the nideck mausoleum .
he saw their faces coming clear , saw their dark shapeless clothes , knees crooked , soft booted feet on the branches , saw the impassive eyes regarding them , saw those tiny child faces like flower petals .
trellises on the front flanked its double doors where vines would be replanted in spring , said felix , and the garden beds would be full of flowers .
there was quite a little patio now restored in front of the cottage , of old flags uncovered and patched , where phil could sit out in the spring and summer , and that too would be wreathed in spring flowers .
and all around , the forest gentry pushed in singing , and covering them with light , airy scentless kisses , kisses that had only the scent of the flowers .
each morning , people of the gentry came to bring fresh flowers , which elthram arranged in vases and glasses around on the windowsills and the tables .
they hurriedly hauled me by the arms through a garden filled with flowers and lush potted pomegranate trees , only to dump me in a small room .
there were piles of finely woven fabric - golds , blues , and reds - neatly folded and scented with dried flowers .
random people came by and left flowers outside king 's chamber .
fresh - cut flowers were everywhere , and the hotel , i felt , had a decidedly turn - of - the - century feel to it .
the gardens beyond the window were immaculate and perfect with flowers and plants that i should know the names of but did n't .
i pried open the double doors and was immediately assaulted by the scents of gasoline from the old lawn mower and fertilizer i 'd bought for the flowers i 'd never gotten around to planting .
moving closer , i realized there was a slip of paper and a small bunch of flowers lying in the sun .
when i pointed to the flowers , i asked , ` ` look familiar ? ''
the guy was smuggling weapons , young girls , and rare rain - forest flowers into the country .
uncle sam preferred to sell those flowers , herbs , and plants to big magic companies .
there were flowers everywhere , some in white wicker baskets , some in tall glass vases , others in colorful pots .
someone had sprinkled flower petals across the floor and over the bed .
he took her to the solarium , watched her smile as she took a deep breath , her nostrils filling with the scents of the hardy mountain flowers that bloomed and thrived even in the midst of winter .
there were a myriad of flowers and other plants growing there and she touched them all , stopping to smell the flowers , marveling at the silky feel of one of the blossoms , amazed that there were flowers at all when winter winds blew .
` ` do you think he knows the names of all these flowers ? ''
plants and flowers bloomed here in rich abundance , nourished by the strength of his power .
she walked through the flowers , pausing to touch this one , to smell that one , to stare in wonder at a tall plant with brilliant white flowers and sharp black thorns .
` ` stop that , '' she said , and reached for the flower again , giving a little shriek when the wolf rose up on his hind legs and caught her hand in his mouth .
she turned away from the white flower , the forbidden plant quickly forgotten .
' t is amazing , that he has flowers in wintertime , '' she mused aloud .
i made a mental note that she liked flowers .
i 'd opted to go simple and only pulled some hair back and put in a pink flower .
ashley , nathan , and zoe put flowers on each of the graves , and then we walked to the porch , everyone finding a seat .
blue linen covered small round tables set with pitchers of water and surprisingly cute flower arrangements .
like greenhouse flowers starting to rot .
` ` leaves and flowers from the yard , '' i said .
i could n't bring myself to throw the flowers and the leaves in the garbage ; instead , i gathered them in my arms and took them out into the yard , released them to the wind , and let them scatter over the hills , where the purple shadows had dimmed to uniform darkness .
she could make flowers grow , could coax even the most difficult orchid to life and make thick coils of plumleaf azalea overspill their planters .
sometimes on hot days i 'd go to the store just to bend down and put my face over the lettuce and inhale , let the water hit the back of my neck and shoulders , and pretend i was nothing but a cabbage , or a flower in a greenhouse - with nothing to do but be cared for .
but amy could n't tell anyone about the dead girl , not her name or anything else about her , like the fact that she smelled like flowers and not dirt .
it was after eleven p.m. by the time minna finished organizing the flower arrangements , mopping the floors , counting folding chairs , setting up the guest book , and threading a chain across the stairs to prevent guests from accessing the upper floors .
in the living room , minna was saying , ` ` thank you so much for your flowers , and we 're sure that 's what he would have chosen . ''
and our little baby girl , the small promise that grew inside me like a flower under glass : i ' m sorry .
i thought she would be safe , there , in the small yellow box that smelled like flowers .
marcus saw the silhouette of a woman pull back the villas heavy lace curtain to watch the girls fumble around in the flower beds .
the clumps of geraniums and pansies wilting in the flower beds looked like they d not been watered since before valentino died , but it was all easily fixable .
there were three aisles of this stuff , all of it smelling of closed - up rooms and dead flowers .
no jewelry , no furs , no clothes , no flowers , no nothing .
kathryn heard her mothers voice as she had a thousand times : if you ever bring me flowers , make them dahlias !
this comforted her as she lay under roy under the smashed second floor of exotica flowers and bulbs amid plaster , glass , and a world - class selection of potted dahlias .
its large expanse of deep green lawns and carefully manicured flower beds looked like they d been lifted whole from a jane austen novel .
a beaming mason grabbed him by the elbow and led him over to a table where a comanche woman , called yellow flower , was picking up plates .
this is yellow flower , he introduced her to zack .
yellow flower took a moment to process what he had said .
and you ai nt sendin yellow flower anywhere !
yellow flowers daughter did nt even have a name .
yellow flower and lena were working in their garden space pulling weeds when he arrived .
yellow flower looked over at tom and shook her head .
her fathers pleasure garden lay before her with its green fields , hedgerows , flower gardens , pathways , shrubberies , and even a wilderness .
may i have a corner of the garden to plant my favourite flowers ?
perhaps he will plant a few flowers for you somewhere .
a turn in the path revealed a rectangle of lawn bordered by flower beds .
sometimes she felt like a flower that no one else would ever see .
i would like to have a corner of the garden to plant some of my own favourite flowers .
perhaps if you tell me which flowers you would like to plant , it will give me an idea of the best location for them .
as they strolled , susan searched the beds for the colours she loved the most in the garden and found one of them in a group of flowers along the path rising towards the house .
surely you know that flower ?
rather than laugh at me , you should teach me so that i might know the names of the flowers around me and not be unjustly accused of ignorance .
they continued walking and dean taught her the names of the flowers she liked .
she named a flower she had just learned .
chapter 3 the next morning , dean was in the greenhouse comparing the list of miss kirkes favourite flowers with the young plants he had grown from seed .
what are some of the other flowers called ?
there are ladys slippers and side - saddle flowers , some leatherwood , and the mayflower .
before you go , madam , let me show you where i shall plant your flowers .
when he had finished , she said , i think you have been well amused this morning watching me plant my flowers .
once the flowers are all planted , there is naught to do but give them a wee bit of water now and then .
yes , of course , but what i mean is i would like you to continue showing me the garden and teaching me the names of flowers .
was it the tender way his hands plucked off the dead flowers ?
how dare he strip the beauty from these flowers and pollute them with names that now she would rather not know ?
but you are tending the flower garden that you planted , are you not ?
perhaps a miracle would occur and mr . fitzwilliam would be so enamoured of her that he would wait , and then one day , they would own the garden together , and she could still go for walks where she would see the handsome black curls , the captivating blue eyes , and the radiant smile of her gardener among the flowers .
perhaps we might also make some plans for the use of flowers during the ceremony .
why , just the other day i was speaking to dean and he mentioned the fact that the garden needed to be prepared for the wedding , and flowers would be required .
i was looking at those flowers there , wondering which of them would make the sweetest , most colourful nosegay .
if you see the gardener , you might discuss with him yourself which flowers would be best for decorating .
she looked more closely and saw the shape of an old woman crouched in the middle of the flower garden under a tulip tree .
i walked in the garden this morning , but i am afraid that the sound of the birds and the sight and smell of the flowers did not reach my soul .
walking along the serpentine path through the flower beds , she amused herself by naming the flowers as dean had taught her .
walking along the serpentine path through the flower beds , she amused herself by naming the flowers as dean had taught her .
she would have to be satisfied with an inward suffering with the music of the flowers names as an echoing refrain .
a veritable eden , sir , in every sense of the word , a place where wickedness and rebellion flourish more than flowers .
she looked down and saw the flowers on the gown .
london , summer , 1782 john walked through the ladies flower garden and scrutinized the flowers , searching for those which pleased the palate of scent as well as the palette of colour .
he hoped the delicate flowers would withstand the hour - long walk home in the sweltering heat .
as he was unable to walk with a child attached to each leg , she went to him and took the flowers .
let me put the flowers in water .
it was the name of a flower and a line from a song that she had sung a long time ago , or so it seemed to her , when she had once been in love .
there was almost two of everyone ( a few of the girls were singles but they looked familiar ) ; no matter how old ( the oldest pair looked about 16 ) and no matter how young ( there was a couple of 4 year olds just sitting & picking weeds and flowers ) .
the rest were led to the fields to pick flowers and play soccer .
she was alone in the campus garden , surrounded by weeds and wilting flowers .
indeed , in the whole of miss barrs narrative , i could perceive her mother as possessing only one defect in her character , and this was , that she had no taste for novels or modern plays , and would prefer to walk about the countryside with smiths botany in her hand , in search of some obscure flower , or learn a new song upon her mothers old spanish guitar , than read the works of miss baillie or even madame darblay .
it too was in flower , and as frances bent over one of the bushes to sniff the redolent , purple flowers , the sound of crunching gravel diverted her attention .
now if you re that keen to get miss norwood some flowers , by all means go inside and get some scissors .
michael stumbled at the mere mention of his brothers name , and almost collected a huge flower arrangement , perched on a mahogany corner stand .
miss frances norwood was the last of his visitors that day , and while she brought neither flowers nor tomato relish , she brought him things which were infinitely more welcome : her company , her smiling face , her conversation and a plate of raspberry muffins from riverview .
what s more , my fiances sister was inside that church only yesterday , arranging all the flowers .
by the time agness carriage was spotted down the end of the road , michael had loosened his necktie three times , wiped dirt from his patent leather buttoned boots , adjusted the flower on his frock coat lapel twice , and repeatedly smoothed down his striped gray cashmere trousers .
wedding presents , covered with a veil of elegant lace , were taken away and discreetly returned to their owners , the three - tiered wedding cake , surmounted by a decorative display of iced flowers , was hidden , and even the giant vases were emptied of their floral arrangements .
it was edwina ballard , cradling a large basket of freshly picked flowers in her arms , a composition that included roses , daisies , sweet peas and foliage in various shades of green .
edwina set her basket of flowers down on the ground and sighed .
she said , tightening her grip on her basket of flowers .
this new awareness compelled frances to act , but before she could take one step towards her aunt , edwina ballard herself surged forward , dropped the basket of flowers at her feet and gathered louisa in her arms .
edwina retrieved her basket of flowers .
we had a back garden to play in with lots of flowers and big trees she sighed wistfully .
there was a doorway to my left leading to the private rooms of the house and , to my right , on the other side of the partition lay the fireplace , now spread with flowers .
i fell to picking the woodland flowers , thinking of other days i d done the same thing in woods like these , with eadie .
it was in the great hall , fresh with sunlight and flowers .
i would sit in the garden , soaking up the warmth of the sun and the scent of the flowers .
workers were busily cleaning the grounds and planting new grass and flowers along the walkway leading to a freshly painted exit door that was now the entrance .
in this case , recognition should be given in written form , in the article or review , to the authors name , d. j. holmes , along with the name of the book , mysterious destiny ( bright lights and thunder - part i ) contact information - snowflowerpublishing @ gmail.com author.djholmes @ gmail.com isbn-13 : 978 - 0 - 9845576 - 2 - 2 - hard copy isbn-10 : 0 - 9845576 - 2 - 8 isbn-13 : 978 - 0 - 9845576 - 4 - 6 electronic copy isbn-10 : 0 - 9845576 - 4 - 4 mysterious destiny book cover by miss mae smashwords format by l. k. campbell snow flower publishing llc logo library of congress control number : 2011915808 this is the second in a series of mysterious destiny mystery / romance novels .
web sites created by : chad holmes published by : snow flower publishing donna holmes spanish fork , utah 84660 first edition : april , 2012 second edition : february , 2014 third edition : april , 2014 foreword the focus of this book is on one very important historical character who lived in the last part of the hundred years war , between england and france .
walking around their yard , isabelle picks some of her favorite flowers .
with jehanne by her side , she says , jehanne , look at these beautiful flowers .
well take all these flowers to the church , to share them with the lord .
jehanne holds out her tiny hand to take the flowers , as she smiles and giggles at her mother , her rosy cheeks accentuating her beautiful smile .
but i d like to take some flowers to the church .
this is where we will put the flowers .
we put our flowers in this vase , in remembrance of the love that is given to us each day from heaven .
look at cute little jehanne over there by the flowers .
looking down at her daughter isabelle states , my sweet little daughter has picked some flowers and wants to take them to the church .
have you ever seen a child want to take flowers to the church ?
jehanne , take some flowers to the church for me all right ?
during one of their breaks from their chores , the daily walk to the church with flowers continues .
while in the chapel , jehanne points to one of the flowers she has put in the vase while looking at the cross .
when , jacquemin , left he asked me to bring flowers to you , from him .
and i have always loved taking flowers with her to the church and praying for everyone that we know .
for women , i can remember , mother hot ash , mother red rose , or like my own mothers name , snow flower .
she always goes to the church to take flowers , and to pray every day !
thinking for a while he begins , my mothers name is , snow flower .
since my capture i have nt seen too much of the sun , and i love the flowers that you have here .
blue cloud , how is everything going with you and snow flower ?
when we get back , ill tell you how snow flower and i found out what it does .
blue cloud smiles as he looks at snow flower .
here is snow flower , your mother .
anxiously grabbing the communication device from her husband , snow flower asks , how have you been , running deer ?
blue cloud , if you will take snow flowers device off of her arm , while she is using yours , you ll all be able to see and talk to each other all at once .
as jehanne walks over to running deer , both blue cloud and snow flower can see jehannes face .
thank you for taking care of our son , snow flower gratefully acknowledges .
tell snow flower good bye for me .
i hope blue cloud and snow flower will be all right .
the sun feels so good and the flowers are beautiful , ladies .
pierre , i need you to create a diversion with the wheelbarrow as soon as you see that julia walks closer to me , jehanne quietly states as she moves slowly to jons side and continues to weed around the flowers .
i love all kinds of flowers , but this red rose is a favorite of mine .
apparently he and snow flower have all ready had to use them .
jon has pulled a flower from the field and touches the nose of the french noble .
tell , daniel hello for me and snow flower when you get to the beach house .
memories come to their minds of jehanne as a small child kicking rocks out of her way on the path as she walks with their mother to put flowers in the chapel .
* * * daniel thinks to himself , since jon , julia and running deer are back , and jehanne is stabilized , while we are waiting for gray wolf , blue cloud and snow flower , i want to check out what i thought i saw a few days ago deep in the ocean portal .
treysen , have you heard from gray wolf and his parents , snow flower and blue cloud ?
* * * read of the adventures of gray wolf and his parents snow flower and blue cloud in mysterious destiny bright lights and thunder part ii .
* * * snow flower publishing proudly presents the : mysterious destiny series : 1 .
web sites : mysterious destiny.com snow flower publishing .com medieval words and names 1 .
the stone - arched chapel was filled to capacity with wedding guestsincluding four scoundrels , one being the minister who would perform the ceremonyand a profusion of multi - hued , hot - house flowers .
as her fingers toyed with the caps frayed edges , her shoulders slumped forward and kabol thought of a wilted island flower left too long in the sun .
she took a deep breath and looked away and all she saw were flowers .
` ` pretty flowers , '' she said , inanely .
and here '' he plunked down the vase he still held in one hand ` ` have some flowers . ''
england 's spring was well underway , but back in boston , the flowers would only be just starting to bloom , as though unsure whether to emerge after a long and brutal winter .
` ` gareth ` ` she shook her head and looked at him in mock exasperation ` ` if you 're going to start being frugal , you ca n't be wasting money on buying me flowers .
huge paintings broke the starkness of the pristine white walls and a bouquet of fresh flowers graced a highly polished table near the door .
an imported vase filled with fresh flowers stood on a table by the wall and he knew its cost would have paid his expenses for a year .
its flowers , i knew it .
i hate flowers , they make me sneeze .
no , tis not flowers .
` ` madame rousseau asked catherine to do a seam for her while we waited and then she asked her to stitch a flower .
he took the basket of flowers from her arm and scowled at the darkening sky .
wadsworth set down the basket of flowers .
zeus let hades crawl for a few more feet before he grabbed the king of the dead roughly by the neck and pulled him from the ground like a flower .
the noble - peaked landscape to the north towered above the circle of girls , and ever - changing clouds billowed , sailed with the wind , their dark shadows charging across the meadow where the girls plucked flowers in the lush meadow .
so it was that the man on the white horse came screaming into battle : mardonius surrounded by his best thousand troops , flower of the persian army .
all greeks found their courage as the flower of persia broke for the palisade in terror .
myrrhine deposited the house sweepings she 'd brought with her , then scattered brilliant flowers over the mound .
the flower beds were crushed and the lawns trampled , not to mention horse droppings deposited everywhere .
in fact the only consolation she had that day occurred when sketching in the garden later that afternoon , where she caught sight of wyatt attempting to tidy up the flower garden in a desultory fashion and he sported a magnificent black eye .
a mild breath of summer breeze blew in , ruffling her hair and carrying with it the scent of flowers from the garden below .
chapter 16 fords millinery , in the high street of the little town , proved to be a quaint , half - timbered building with a neat red awning and goods of all kindsgloves , ribbons , umbrellas , bolts of fabric , and flowers for trimming bonnetsarranged in colorful profusion in a bow - fronted shop window .
or a stagehand pulling a prank , she said gloomily , plucking wilted petals from the flowers resting in a cheap purple vase on the table .
what if she stopped suddenly and shoved her chair away from the table so that she could stand , causing the vase of wilted flowers to totter before mamma caught it .
as the orchestra struck the first chords and the chorus girls took their places , she tried to remember everything he had told her : the gasp at the beginning when marguerite discovers the jewels and flowers left by faust should be clearly heard , but not overdone ; though the aria starts fairly loud , it crescendos all the way until the end ; the especially high note in the chorus is a d , not a c mademoiselle , moaned mercier , breaking through her thoughts , you missed the opening line !
fair vernal flowers , laugh forth your ancient gladness .
veronique interrupted his thoughts as she plucked a rose from the trellis on the balcony and said , and spring arose on the garden fair , like the spirit of love felt everywhere ; and each flower and herb on earth 's dark breast , rose from the dreams of its wintry rest .
it was obvious now what was happening : christine must have caught some illnessbut she was getting better , so it was nothing to be unduly worried aboutand the vicomte intended to prove his devotion by bringing her flowers or something of that sort .
christine was charmed by the flowers subtle scent .
in a quick glance he saw several complaint letters , one piece of paper with the letterhead of the prfecture de police ( probably an excuse as to why they had not discovered the identity of the phantom ) , an itemized list of the garniers inventory , and numerous bills for cloth , lumber , furniture , arrangements of flowers , ballet shoes , and everything else imaginable .
her clothes were as worn and poor as christines own , and from that and her lower - class accent christine guessed her to be a flower girl .
the flower girl demanded , hands on her voluptuous hips .
she was just another flower girl to him .
you were having an affair with a flower wench !
she s forced to sell flowers to keep from starving .
it had been a week and a half since his apologywhich had ended with her apologizing for jumping to ridiculous conclusionsin which time he had showered her with flowers and gifts and constant praise of her beauty .
his arms were so full of flowers that he could nt open the door in front of himand he could nt put them down without risking ruining the expensive arrangements .
on the other hand , if he could nt get in , he could nt present the flowers to christine and his efforts would be wasted anyway .
if worst came to worst , he supposed , he could just discard the flowers and give christine the other present he had brought , which was safely tucked away in his coat pocket : a heart - shaped gold necklace fitted with diamonds that spelled ange .
he gestured awkwardly towards the opera house , and the flowers threatened to fall out of his grasp .
he had been carrying them for almost a half - hour , and not only were his arms beginning to ache , but the moist stems of the flowers had started to transfer hints of green to his formerly - immaculate sleeves .
what would christine have thought of me if i had brought her flowers and chocolates , utterly oblivious to her grief ?
just something to enjoy for a short while , like a cut lily meant to grace a vase for a week , then thrown out to make room for the next pretty flower .
he wished he still had those flowers he had brought .
version : 2014 - 08 - 11 - 1345 table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 last chapter dedication a historical novelist for peace you can also connect with me online : discover other titles by norbert l. mercado : back to table of contents chapter 1 the three pink roses in her hand were as fresh as the flowers newly - plucked by a gardener early in the morning .
daniel bought them for her in a flower shop near baguio market .
will you still give me flowers when we are old ?
rose smelled the scent of the flowers after which she was named .
paciencia pascual , the businesswoman who was a member of brother bens bible study group , was having a discussion with ernesto santos in the latters flower shop at the baguio public market .
i only sell flowers , ) pareho na rin yon .
rose plucked a wild , deep blue flower near her left foot as she listened to the newscasts .
there was a trend at the time to use flowers as professional names .
i sit on a couch in a red flower pattern , eating the mandatory cheesecake , hearing stories of long ago about people i feel i ve already met though they are long dead and never encountered by me in person .
the house , which had been in his family for centuries , featured a conservatory where his slim wife with fashionable bobbed hair tended her prized flowers and a huge library .
women greeted the germans with flower bouquets jews closed their stores , went home , and shuttered their windows , but haya katzovitz , whose family lived on the square , watched silently the jubilation of her neighbors : two german tanks went through and the non - jews in the market stood and watched , shockedthen they came with their motorbikes and big black boots and i was alone with my mother at home .
there was , she noted , no place to leave flowers since they would have blocked the names inscribed at the columns bottom section .
on top are sculptures from distant africa , a vase of artificial flowers .
there 's a stone with his name on it among the 90 men buried there , one - third of his battalion lying side by side.i hope to stand there one day , lay some flowers on his grave , and say thanks .
she sighed , then , looking around , noticed several fluffy white blooms of a flower nesta used in some of her medicines .
now , she picked one of the flowers and inhaled the blooms perfume , then touched the purple center .
secrets await you in the dark shadows of the woods , in the perfection of a flower hidden among the fallen leaves and dried grass .
that morning , however , she reigned like an exotic flower , flourishing amid the mercantile gloom .
they also cover barges with flowers and span them across the harbor .
he looked down to see flower petals floating on its shimmering , oil - covered surface .
his lips were lightly red , and his perfume a mixture of flowers and musk .
he noticed there were no flowers , the main focus in an english garden , only gravel walks and the marble - tiled watercourse .
she took the stem of a flower and began to weave it between his toes .
the book says that the conch woman delights in clothes , flowers , red ornaments .
but kali was scrubbed and perfumed each day like a flower .
the immense central carpet had been freshly garlanded around the edges with flowers .
around them the marble porticoes had been carved in relief , a profusion of flowers and vines , creating a monochromatic garden in stone .
a garden of flowers , a cup of wine , mark the repose of a joyous mind . ''
as he held her , he noticed lying alongside the pool the garland of flowers she had worn the night before .
then the procession arrived : women of the zenana rode into the courtyard on palanquins , in a flower - bedecked line bearing hennaa red paste extracted from the plant of the same nameand gifts sent from layla to allaudin .
when at last she died , her body was immediately washed , perfumed , and bedecked with flowers .
each inlay was a painting of a different flower .
a large conch shell lay nearby , like a petrified flower .
` ` for me , womankind is like a garden , whose flowers each have their own beauty .
` ` a woman might say , jacques , it depends on whether you prefer flowers , or wine . ''
for a few heady weeks of the year the steppe in a binge throws out a wilderness of flowers that tangle your hooves and confuse your horse .
they left locks of white hair at the foot of the rock or flowers , coins or amulets or other little treasures , or a trickle of blood .
i have tried to imagine ... in twenty years time , our children in their flower : what effect ?
shed be the bold beauty of the tree , not the flower .
temujin , do you like a flower or a tree ?
it ll be flowers next .
but it was easter sunday and his father 's birthday and he never missed bringing flowers to the grave .
when they reached it , the father said a brief prayer and placed the flowers beneath the stone .
he explained to his five - year - old why they were there , who this had been and why they were leaving flowers .
she was carrying a spray of greenery and flowers , shuffling her way with a cane across the grass to a rather large granite marker .
he looked at the flowers she had left .
here tis a golden flower for the fair lady with the golden hair .
annie smelled the flower then tucked it into the top of her blouse .
bridie looked out the window and saw a man with his daughter putting flowers on a grave .
together they watched the flowers of the garden sway with the wind while bugs hopped amidst the petals .
more than how to poison a man with a flower ?
osbern had expected to smell a dozen flavors of food and flowers , hopefully overpowering the stench of cow shit and fresh wool .
for mom table of contents mary chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 balfour chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 thomas chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 andr chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 tyoo - rut chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 chapter 29 chapter 30 chapter 31 chapter 32 chapter 33 chapter 34 chapter 35 chapter 36 chapter 37 chapter 38 chapter 39 epilogue mary los angeles : july 14 , 1967 paint me like a flower !
there s our flowers !
some good news is tons of flowers have arrived from different customers , friends and vendors about twenty bouquets in all .
we could use some flowers around here to give the place a feminine touch .
angelina brought some flowers into neils room and placed them before the computer monitor where she went right up to and kissed the camera .
he too was amazed at the changes in the house with the cleaning that had been done and the flowers placed everywhere .
i mean , you sent flowers or someone did in your name .
she told mrs.reynolds , our housekeeper , that she was only going out into the garden to cut some flowers for the breakfast table .
now , though , the hemming is finished , my bonnet is trimmed with a length of the yellow silk and a bunch of pink silk flowers , besides , and i have sent anne off to her own room to dress .
and then she seemed to take in my velvet cloak and crown of flowers for the first time .
for a moment , i just stood quite still , feeling the soft night breeze on my skin , breathing in the scent of the flowers and freshly clipped grass .
i turned my head to look down at the pebbled edging on one of the flower beds .
she was a pretty girl , with very dark features and her hair cut into a bob similar to daisy 's ; but around her head she had affixed a band with a flower on .
charles sat at the table reading the express , while priscilla was arranging some flowers in a vase .
and as they left the house , she realised she was shaking and wished shed brought some flowers with her to lay on williams grave .
there were no flowers not even dead ones .
i think ill bring some flowers , evie said .
there were vases of flowers on various surfaces and someone had a wireless playing .
i do nt do miracles on their behalf , i do nt cure anyone , i do nt cause rain to fall in the desert or flowers to bloom in the snow .
at that moment three servants , headed by a capped flower priest of god , had arrived therby .
priest azariah was walking ahead of it - followed by six flower priests , who carried the gasket .
they were followed by baals chief priest and his flower priests .
with the bald headed prophets there were some flower priests and sons of prophets , mainly striding around in towns and villages .
asked him a flower priest who was standing aside , the king wo nt come , because of arams attacks .
here is the high priest , please ask him , said the flower priest .
he saw a young flower priest , whose eyes rested on his , and his gaze became fixed , like they were trying to hypnotize him .
if you listen to me , the smallest and meekest of flower priests , i will be thankful .
please , excuse me , i ve to leave , said the young flower priest to elisha .
my life was in its paws , that in a minute they would grip on me and tear me down oh , the flower priest just said , sorry , if you have really such a feeling but maybe the tigers paws will let me down who knows .
so , you suffer from a severe malady , said the flower priest and again stared at elisha , checking his bald , round and big head .
asked elisha , have nt the chief priest inquired about you , before he let you join his group of flower priests ?
he waved his hands , indicating his disciples , young flower priests , who had gathered around , to return the order in the area by force .
he was a flower priest , who recognized the high priest .
good , he said , there are wild flower priests , who are ready to die for their holy shrine , i know that .
ten flower priests , who till that moment continued praying by whisper , became silent .
dear high priest and flower priests , said athaliah , as you know- no coronation ceremony of me , your queen , has taken place here .
but soon there came a tumult of protests from the flower priests .
yehoyada indicated his flower priestsguard to approach the soldiers , who were rounding the queen .
two flower priests attacked him , clasped his arms and avoided his further move .
the soldier showed him a shovel , an ax and a hammer , and put them on the floor .. yehoyada and the three flower priests stepped forward , towards athaliah .
yehoyada and the flower priests hurried toward them with terrifying cries .
the three flower priests approached the wooden wall , and tried to snatch the tools from the breakers hands .
athaliahs soldiers pulled out their bayonets , and stabbed the flower priests in their arms , pushing them to fall down bleeding in dread on the floor .
however , one midnight athaliah was striding out again with her man mathan in the flowers garden of the palace .
he intended to take a rest by sitting inside and order two flower priests to begin with the shofar blowings procedure ; but he suddenly discerned prophet joseph running toward the low stage , where he was standing .
i should not sacrifice young flower priest to be stroked to death by her baals armed men .
three flower priests tried to avoid soldiers from reaching yehoyada , who was still standing on the low stage at the center .
ten flower priests came soon to the low stage .
he walked to the large courtyard , and saw there a flower priest praying loudly .
sorry , i know that he had disappeared , said the beth - el flower priest , half a year ago i have met his assistant leper , gehazi .
let me ask you one more question , said prophet joseph to the young flower priest , whose name was jo - melekh , i know that the baal worshippers , the simple mob and respectable priests as well - still walk freely in the streets .
many riddles and questions fill my heart during the prayers joseph met again the flower priest jo - melekh , whom he had met before .
he discerned the flower priest walking at the palms avenue before the temple , and he , jo - melekh , invited him to eat together the yom kippurs fasting break .
the flower priest had his own donkey tied down not far .
they set down on stones they had found , lit a fire and roasted piegons meagre meat , that the flower priest had brought with him .
the baal flower priest became nervy , and whistled loudly by inserting his fingers to his mouth .
joseph and the flower priest recognized them as gods priests .
he asked the flower priest .
the flower priest left him , wondering about his enthusiasm from a lepers legends .
like a mother would try to hush her childs weep , he thought eloquently , so i shall plant a flower of hope in the deserted hearts of the poor people .
a flower priest arrived and whispered something to the high priest , still standing at the boys desk , placed in what they named : the learning corner .
yehoyada rushed out from there , joining the the flower priest on his way to the entry door .
he shook hands with him , and the flower priest left them .
the flower priests staying there , discerned her immediately .
yehoyada , mathan , the flower priest and the gurads , all followed athaliah .
two guards , flower priests , dressed in grey gowns , were keeping the high priests home .
athaliah called her head - guards captain , pointing on the flower priests around her and on yehoyada and his wife .
other soldiers faced the flower priests , standing thereby .
she also indicated other soldiers - to take the flower priests out of the temple and get them jailed .
rachel said that she was told by a flower priest , that the piegons morning sacrifice had been cancelled .
inside that tent for the headquarters staff - was a physician , a young flower priest , equipped with some medical grasses , drugs made of some flowers and plants essences , and pure water for washing infected wounds .
they began duelling with the flower priest attackers in a distance of hundred steps fron her .
two archers - flower priests - escorted him by foot , their weapons ready to shoot at any suspect .
two flower priests soon seized him by his arms and feet , then set him on a stool .
please , let me down , he implored the flower priests .
the high priest himself had soon entered inside , joined by ten flower - priests .
he soon told that to the flower priests , who were around him , and added : i have also to dress properly , and wear the diadem on my forhead .
a flower priest said , that yehoyada talked with him about an ancient antique box , that had been locked in the store .
in the recent hour or so - the priets and flower priests had prepared the hall for the promised celebration : the temples pillars had been wrapped by olive branches as in glorious times .
yehoyada turned to abner , and indicated the flower priests to step aside , while abner came to his side and held a short and surprising speech to the public : dear brethern and sisters of judea !
he took out the box , that his flower priest had carried from the storehouse .
the flower priests chorus began singing again .
a flower priest escorted inside an officer who came in .
screamed a flower priest and others followed him by shouts .
a flower priest jumped to athaliah from her back , removing the crown from her head .
if you are my grandma he whispered , i do nt understand elyakim permitted athaliah to touch his shoulder in a sign of fondness , and her fingers began caressing his face , toobut the strong hands of two flower priests , who were indicated by yehoyada , soon separated her from the boy .
ivy trailed from large clay pots of summer flowers positioned between columns .
da marigolds not da prettiest flower in da world , but i d neva gives up , lucille said and walked down the steps .
each little flower that opens each little bird that sings he made their glowing colours he made their tiny wings the master , john noble , always brought the whole school together for this last assembly of the year .
the dress was made of pale green satin and amys pale shoulders , her slender neck and her lovely face grew out of it like a flower from its foliage .
a girl like this , who had probably never cooked a meal or scrubbed a floor or spent a day at the washtub , and whose time had been largely spent reading books , making sketches and pressing flowers , would soon tire of being a labourers wife .
he patted down the earth , replaced the turfs he had cut and piled before digging the hole and set the few wreaths and bunches of flowers on the neat mound .
why do people put flowers on graves ?
why have nt we got any flowers ?
i m afraid flowers like that cost much more than we can afford .
now well go down the path a little way , then walk back to the grave and put our flowers on it .
that will show our respects the little girl liked the idea of a game , so she picked up the smallest bunch of flowers and was about to join her mother when a mans voice shouted angrily , hey , you !
as spring turned to summer amy found employment again , selling flowers outside lime street station .
the warm sun and more regular eating improved her health , her good looks returned slightly and she was able to smile so that men , in particular , were happy to buy her flowers .
soon there would be no flowers to sell .
she had only a few flowers left .
she dropped her meagre bunch of flowers and went to find him .
when she returned to lime street she discovered that her few remaining flowers had been trampled underfoot , so she went back to the waterfront and walked along beneath the overhead railway , which had recently opened .
it was among the flowers laid beside the grave and it had appeared on the surface of the lake , distorted by the ripples , as they crossed back over the dam .
she was tall and athletic with a grace and coloring that was like the flower .
i love the flowers .
i think we better send her some flowers .
i ca n't send flowers to her and not say anything to him .
she rode back to the village and ordered flowers for her mother .
yet he also does n't want the pangs of starvation that throttles him when he thinks about now , the moment , this supposed times they are a'changing that charge the air of all the crazies and dopeheads and flower power kids who run amuck in the spirit of these revolutionary times .
but theirs is a story that only the anti - establishment underground press like minneapolis hundred flowers rag would write as it is .
more strikingand in stark contrast to the bareness of his own roomis a huge basket of freshly cut flowers .
one day , however , he picked up a copy of the twin cities underground press , hundred flowers and read the lead article by a guy he knows , brian coyle .
jared half - expects witson to whip out a brush and paint flower children !
surprisingly , witson has brought an ample selection of both straight and underground stuff , clumping the wall street journal with rolling stone and both with some street rags and the latest hundred flowers .
paisley flowers waterfall gracefully down and around , cascading down her thighs , ending with a kiss of a jade bracelet - laced ankle .
amid the garbage and the flowers / there are heroes in the seaweed .
jared has a fleeting image of hothouse flowers growing inside these cells .
in a bright cloud moment he muses and earthfolk is a word that whispers and then emerges as his heart begins to beat in rhythm and harmony with all living things : flowers , bugs , animals , the mansions staff .
yet the malicious fierceness succeeds only in opening her flowers .
she s a bouquet of flowers his arms have swept , magically , from out the air .
why all these bugles cry these squads of young men drill to kill and to be killed stood waiting by the train why the orders loud and hoarse why the engine 's groaning cough as it strains to drag us all into the holocaust why crowds who sing and cry and shout and fling us flowers and trade their rights for ours to murder and to die chorus the dove has torn her wing so no more songs of love we are not here to sing we 're here to kill the dove why must this moment come when childhood has to die when hope shrinks to a sigh and speech into a drum why are they pale and still young boys trained over night conscripts payed to kill and dressed in gray to fight these rainclouds massing tight this train load battle bound this moving burial ground goes thundering to the night chorus the dove has torn her wing so no more songs of love we are not here to sing we 're here to kill the dove jacques brel , la colombe ( the dove ) jared pauses the tape .
he found her mouth , tasting the honey sweetness , smelling the lavender , her favourite flower .
they actually grew pineapples and oranges there along with some exotic flowers . '
finding her mouth , he tasted the honey sweetness , smelling the lavender , her favourite flower .
going over to the window , he flicked aside the voile curtain , feeling a slight pang as he searched the people boating on the lake whilst others strolled by admiring the abundance of flowers in the herbaceous borders .
lucy put a bunch of mixed flowers on her bedside cabinet whilst dinah popped some grapes in the bowl .
it was too cold to sit today , but i wandered slowly around the oval flower beds , enjoying the quiet and the peace that dated back to jefferson .
she seemed to love being outdoors and she exclaimed at practically every flower and shrub .
we walked around the perimeter pathway , and he pointed out particular flowers a few of which were even in bloom at this time of year .
there was a flower bed near by and the first marigolds of the spring were up .
past the flower bed the green lawn gradually flowed down to the bay .
the grass was green , trees were leafing out , flowers were in bloom everywhere .
drawing open the door rita saw henry standing on the walk dressed in a light colored summer weight suit , holding a flower box in his hand .
reaching the top step henry handed rita the flower box .
it 's most thoughtful of you to favor me with flowers . ''
there were flowers in window boxes and trees shading the street .
on the way back to my hotel i stopped and bought some flowers .
everything was in bloom that time of year , so i bought a mixed bouquet of cut flowers and took them up to my room .
it took me a few minutes to find something that i could use as a vase , but i got the flowers out on a table in the middle of my sitting room , and i thought they looked pretty good .
i left and we came back here , and you were waiting for me with flowers and wine .
flowers still bloomed and people still tended gardens .
i remember eating dinner , taking a walk around the yard to look at flowers , and talking about anything and everything .
forty mules corralled in one location are no flower garden .
candles and flowers highlighted the linen table cloths .
while he was looking at julia , he saw a girl sweet as sugar , nice as the goddess of flowers and nature , flora .
everything was neat and clean ; there were herbs and flowers hanging upside - down to dry .
i want to take some fresh flowers to the cemetery .
the seven little graves were over 60 years old at that time , and someone was still putting flowers on all seven .
would they want me to stay there , just to put flowers in a crock for them every few weeks ?
flowers grew larger , more vibrant blossoms .
its not every woman who would supply the sick convicts with fresh flowers and delicacies .
mindful of numerous well tended flower beds surrounding their home first planted after his marriage as a project the couple shared to great pleasure , he felt none of his usual happiness seeing them bending without bloom needful of long absent sun to reignite spring and return them to beauty .
i steeped in it a lotus flower .
mehi dropped the flowers and went to the doorway .
he bared the flower .
i got all these flowers there , wild roses and cornflowers , on the roof .
that proves my talent with flowers was no trick or i would have used the trick again .
i found him in a dark clearing in the park , surrounded by flowers that have lost their petals .
as our carriages and dragoons passed before them they cheered and tossed flowers in our path .
when one of digbys blows snipped of the top of a flower 6 inches from henrys twitching little nose , i stood up .
my regiments were pelted with flowers instead or rocks , and i made triumphantly for westminster , where parliament awaits .
he treated all his employees nicely , but she was special to him and he would put flowers on the counter in the morning before she got there .
her christian art work decorated the church of saint peter like flowers in spring .
sin spreads like weed and takes over the space where flowers ought to grow , said brother martin .
a streaming light like the tail of a star growing stronger and stronger came through the stainedglass windows , flooding the church with color , like the awakening of the flowers in the early spring sun .
the candles smelled like flowers as the monks mixed rose and geranium mixed with olive oil into the wax .
the soul painters drew sun flowers and put up the pictures in the church .
the church became a mystical flower blossoming in the scent of seasonal plants .
he pulled out a flower and his sorrows disappeared in the sweet smell .
the cows could soon be put out to pasture again , eating all the herbs and flowers growing in the fields .
the ship looked like a flower in spring .
this one here , said steve pointing at a white dress with colorful flowers sewed in .
the bouquet of wild flowers i had plucked for the funeral is now wilting in my iron grip , and the leaves have browned .
she is too good for wilted flowers , i think , and toss the bouquet to the ground .
the dead flowers begin to roll away with an icy gust of wind , but father kneels quickly to collect them .
my flowers fall and are swallowed by the growing flames as unbridled sobs burst from my throat .
we walk past st . martins church , and the cathedral , all the way to the flower market .
we walk through the carts and stands of the many flower vendors .
there s no use hanging a flower like that before she s been plucked , said sir james with a leering grin not well hidden by the pipe stem between his teeth .
on my way back to the ladder , i catch sight of two more scraps of wood : one by an open doorway , with a long , slender shape that reminds me of the flower - birds ; then a thicker , more solid , somehow muscular piece by the tigers cage .
there s one next to the flower birdswhose feathers are no longer the color of my favorite flowers , but have faded to a dull , tired whiteone inside the baby lions cage , and another piece by the shrews that s so large i trip over it and nearly wait .
there s one next to the flower birdswhose feathers are no longer the color of my favorite flowers , but have faded to a dull , tired whiteone inside the baby lions cage , and another piece by the shrews that s so large i trip over it and nearly wait .
like flowers , or a walk , or something .
sleeping with evie gives me a deeper peace than i ve known to hear her breathing in the night , to kiss the back of her neck and taste her skin like dew on a dawn flower and fall back asleep , to wake with her in the sunlight this is joy .
the sky should turn black and split open , the earth should strangle all her flowers , but outside , its bright and pleasant .
the most expensive dinnerware , candles , and fresh flowers graced the table .
` ` alexander climbed the steps of the temple of ishtar in his gleaming armor , carrying flowers and a vial of oil , '' wrote callisthenes .
then alexander placed the flowers at the foot of the statue of the goddess , poured the oil on her feet and bowed down , while the priests and the people beamed and nodded with approval .
lydia had set the table with fresh flowers and candles .
all the blooms would disappear off the flowers .
both young men looked sheepish and mimed the word ' sorry ' to the disgruntled old lady , who gave them a near - fatal look , then returned to her copy of ' competitive flower arranging ' with a sigh of disbelief at the youth of today .
giving short - tempered flower arrangers the widest possible berth , ben and tom perused the shelves , stamped out their selections and then headed for the exit .
each of the women wore a flower in her hair another of vero 's touches that set the tone for the evening the deep red ceibo , which stood out beautifully against their jet black hair .
asked vero , i read in the papers that it has just been made the national flower of argentina , so it seems right that we should wear them .
they looked so happy and relaxed setsu was again wearing a flower in her hair ( since ben had mentioned how lovely it looked , she had done so for him at every opportunity ) and ben had changed from the skinny , shy boy in to a confident young man .
setsu rose from her chair , turned gracefully and exited the study , returning moments later with a flower from the garden , which she placed with precision beside the fountain pen .
katshuhiro gave a startled look up from tending his lotus flowers and seemed barely able to accept the fact that he was being asked to contemplate something more challenging than agriculture .
and i might agree with ye had he sent flowers , but a haunch of deer meat tisnt precisely romantic - like .
you smell of flowers , he said , breathing against her neck so that chills raced up and down her side .
how much i should have enjoyed having my things about me , a painting or two , a piece of framed embroidery , and these dried flowers hanging from your looking glassi think it splendid .
some bearing candles , some bearing flowers , and the rest holding the train of my wedding gown .
on each lamp post along the street , the town had placed hanging flower baskets .
` ` typical man , '' tatum teased while she admired his selection of sports bobble heads , filling the spot where a woman definitely would have had flowers or something useless , but pretty .
she saw the woman who 'd been rocking in the corner ; she sat on her haunches weeding a flower garden .
like a fragile flower , such joy can wither quickly and change with the seasons .
for example , if you see a tree or a flower you want to describe it or name it .
the dream of a nice house on small acreage with room for a horse or two and a small garden of flowers and vegetables for her to plant and take care off .
it is my favorite color and i love the flowers .
and bethanny and beatrix had excused themselves quite silently and were now returning with some flowers they had pilfered from the gardens .
some servants went into the nearby forest , to pick fresh flowers .
suraj , aditi and saira , started moving quickly towards the gate , with flowers in their hands .
then she went and plucked some wild flowers and spread over the body of dost .
did they hit you just for supplying flower ?
what kind of flowers does she like ?
can you honestly look me in the eye and tell me that you have enough money left over at the end of the week to buy your wife flowers or your children new shoes ?
mary was arranging the flowers when archie asked her to sit .
picking flowers , daisy replied .
they did nt have any flowers and daisy was nt holding any .
and that made her think of archie : the flowers he d picked for her , his smile beneath his brush moustache and the twinkle of delight in his chocolate eyes as she took them from him .
every sunday she put flowers on his grave .
are the flowers too much ?
i think if we adjust these in front anne plucked a few flowers from millicents golden head , ... yes , that should do it .
i did ; i just chose not to put flowers in my hair .
you mean you did not have time to put flowers in your hair because you were too busy trying to be the queens favourite .
looking down at one of millicents little white flowers she still held , anne hastily tucked it into her own hair .
thinking of the silly flower she just put in her hair , she blushed .
anne picked a bluebottle flower nearby .
she is dead , may god have mercy on her soul , anne mumbled as she plucked off the purple petals of the flower in her hand , richard cleared his throat .
anne took a deep breath then continued to slowly pick at her flower .
anne picked another flower and proceeded to systematically rid this one of its petals too .
anne picked her third flower .
richard sat up , picked yet another flower , and offered it to anne .
she tucked the flower into her belt while richard gathered the horses .
he heard a rustle and saw nanette in the corner of the room placing some flowers in a vase on a dressing table .
tell me , that song and the flowers , was that all of your own doing ?
i confess , i had someone else find the flowers , but i told him what to get , and the song that i did write myself , with some input from blondel .
all the way to the port , the crowd threw flowers and rushes in their path .
chapter thirty - six as the early signs of spring began to appear in messina , the days growing longer and warmer , flowers popping up from their winter beds , anne kept her eyes on a peach orchard .
everyone on the barge remained speechless as the flowers drifted onto the men , the deck , and fell in the river beside the barge .
was this sweet , innocent rose , the flower of the family , taking such a stance against cornell ?
madeline turned her face to hisa flower to the sun .
he also swept the front porch and pulled all the weeds in the flower bed .
madame duguays on her knees , in a flower bed , picking weeds and humming along to the song on the radio .
in this case , recognition should be given in written form , in the article or review , to the authors name , d. j. holmes , along with the name of the book , mysterious destiny ( bright lights and thunder - part ii ) contact information - snowflowerpublishing @ gmail.com author.djholmes @ gmail.com isbn-13 : 978 - 0 - 9845576 - 6 - 0 electronic copy isbn-10 : 0 - 9845576 - 6 - 0 mysterious destiny book cover by miss mae smashwords format by l. k. campbell snow flower publishing llc logo library of congress control number : 2011915808 this is the third book in a series of mysterious destiny mystery romance novels .
web sites created by : chad holmes published by : snow flower publishing donna holmes spanish fork , utah 84660 first edition : july , 2014 foreword in the hall of corridors at the beach house , toward the end of the first book of this series in mysterious destiny beckoning corridors , gray wolf is forcefully thrown into the opening of a time portal as he falls down the tail of a huge fish that he had been riding .
flowers , women always love flowers .
flowers , women always love flowers .
looking around , ian chuckles , i do nt think that we are going to have any trouble finding flowers .
holding the flowers high , hoping not to scare the women they slowly walk from behind the bushes .
raising their hands to surrender , the flowers fall to the ground .
the humming birds love these flowers , and there are so many butterflies come on , you ll see what i mean when we get there .
he knew that the red rose was her favorite flower , so he had a necklace made with red roses all around it so that she would remember how much he loved her , while he was away .
trying not to step on all of the beautiful island flowers growing close to the ground , they finally catch up to their sisters just as everyone is rounding the bend where the ship is finally in full view .
i was actually thinking about the same thing snow flower , not that i am afraid , but i ca nt stand all of this waiting and not knowing what will happen next !
before long snow flower and blue cloud are cast out from the portal into the air , falling to earth .
hold my hand snow flower , we do nt want to become separated .
finally over the beach the wind stops , and snow flower and blue cloud find themselves quickly falling to earth .
landing on the sandy beach , blue cloud comments , wow , what did you think of that snow flower ?
let me look around , snow flower .
pointing her index finger toward a dark circle in the sand , snow flower states look over there it looks like someone made a fire , i wonder if the rain put it out ?
i m going to look around this area to see if there is any sign of him , snow flower .
while blue cloud is searching the area , snow flower decides to search inside the pouch that daniel had given them .
looking down to her legs , snow flower is frantic when she ca nt see her feet .
what is that piece of cloth , snow flower ?
this is very interesting snow flower .
look blue cloud , now you see menow you do nt , as snow flower raises and lowers her cloth .
one , two three looking around you re right there blue cloud , snow flower says as she points directly where he is standing .
this could come in handy , snow flower , since we do nt know what kind of people live here .
sir , blue cloud and snow flower have arrived at their destination .
* * * hearing the splash of water , several times , blue cloud and snow flower run toward the sound .
lets follow them snow flower .
* * * i think that i m going to like this magic blanket snow flower .
now that would be a good idea , snow flower .
as soon as he finishes chewing , he feels that snow flower is still looking at him and waiting for an answer .
looking at her husband , snow flower begins to laugh , you coward , you are afraid to answer my question are nt you ?
you know me too well , snow flower , but do i need to answer your question ?
snow flower states a little louder and with a smile on her face .
snow flower , you are the most beautiful woman that i have ever known , and i love your foodits just that this food is something that i have never tasted before i like it too .
* * * all of the commotion wakes snow flower and blue cloud .
where are they going snow flower ?
ill let you know blue cloud , you re coming quite close to being my favorite man , snow flower says with a smile .
i had tried so hard to stay above the waves so that i could breathe , but the waves were too strong do you remember when we would throw flowers into the sea and watch the waves take them away ?
that s what i felt like , a flower being moved by the waves and i could nt do anything about it .
walking over to a table , dianas mother taps snow flower on her shoulder .
as snow flower and blue cloud turn to them she says , snow flower , and blue cloud , this is my daughter diana .
as snow flower and blue cloud turn to them she says , snow flower , and blue cloud , this is my daughter diana .
snow flower calmly answers her question , diana , its not all that we can say , but what we have to say to you would be very hard for you to understand .
sensing a little anger snow flower begins to explain where they came from , while blue cloud stands patiently by her side .
snow flower , what is a portal ?
blue cloud feels a tightening around his upper arm and quietly says , snow flower , daniel is calling .
what do you think snow flower would it be all right for diana to see daniel ?
walking over to him , snow flower moves her hands , and mouths the words , could diana see daniel ?
i have learned from mother , and from the example of snow flower and blue cloud , that anger and revenge have blocked our path .
snow flower and blue cloud are shocked to see duplicates of the same necklaces that they are wearing .
turning to her sisters she says , if you will notice , snow flower and blue cloud also have rose necklaces .
they received them while they were with daniel , the man who gave us our wonderful ship looking back at snow flower and blue cloud she says with a smile , well have to tell you that story also .
snow flower and blue cloud nod their heads agreeing that in a future time they will share their stories .
chapter 6 standing in the surf on one of martiniques beautiful white sand beaches , snow flower enjoys being with blue cloud as he embraces her within his extremely strong arms .
completely mesmerized snow flower states , i love how the rising sun looks so big here .
looking up at her husband , snow flower smiles , i would nt try it , you might get burnt .
knowing snow flower is playing on his words , blue cloud smiles at her joke .
looking into her eyes , blue cloud intimately says , wherever i am , snow flower , as long as we are together , i will be happy .
are you ready to go back snow flower ?
snow flower yells back , i m going to beat you there , blue cloud .
snow flower looks at her husband with a surprised look .
let me look at it too , blue cloud , snow flower asks .
while snow flower is examining dianas sword , blue cloud turns around and motions to one of the other sisters to hand him her sword .
putting on his magic cloak he walks over to snow flower and begins moving his sword in front of her .
knowing what her husband is doing , snow flower says , ah , so you want to duel huh ?
covering herself with her own invisible cloak , snow flower begins to block blue clouds strikes .
finally the cloaks come off of blue cloud and snow flower and they bow to their audience as clapping can be heard coming from all of the women of the island .
looking over at diana , snow flower asks , diana , now that you know us and our abilities to use swords , would you mind if we join your crew while you try to find your sisters ?
with this good news snow flower and blue cloud hug , knowing in their hearts that this could be the only possible way that they will be able to find their son , gray wolf .
snow flower , blue cloud and their mothers finally catch up to them .
since ocracoke is such a bad place , why do nt you come with us blue cloud , and snow flower , you stay with jaimie and the other girls .
were all ready to do what you think is best diana , snow flower states .
that s what snow flower tells me all the time , blue cloud says with a hidden smile .
blue cloud laughs now the fun beginssnow flower , lets get in the middle of these guys and have some fun , he whispers .
walking over to jaimie and snow flower who have taken charge of caring for everyones wounds , marie states , diana wants to know how everyone is .
danielle , this is a bad one , snow flower states .
as soon as everyone is bandaged , jaimie , snow flower and blue cloud go to the captains cabin to talk to diana .
walking over to blue cloud and snow flower , diana says , blue cloud and snow flower , this is gray wolf .
walking over to blue cloud and snow flower , diana says , blue cloud and snow flower , this is gray wolf .
my name is snow flower , and this is blue clouddo those names sound familiar to you at all ?
that would be perfect , blue cloud and snow flower and their magic swords can stand at the door of the captains cabin holding their swords up to form a threshold .
blue cloud , snow flower , along with gray wolf and his crew watch with joyful hearts .
we need to thank blue cloud and snow flower for protecting us on our last journey .
i want that more than you know , but what about blue cloud and snow flower ?
week after week blue cloud and snow flower help ian and his crew bring logs from the forest to the cove where the mysterious would usually be docked .
i have been wondering the same thing snow flower .
daniel , snow flower and i were just wondering if we should call you .
all i can say , snow flower , is that daniel knows what is best .
snow flowers heart sinks as she hears her husbands last comment .
ian and grace notice that snow flower and blue cloud are watching their son with intense feelings of sadness .
the embers of the village fire have become very low as ian and grace have been talking with snow flower and blue cloud .
snow flower reaches out to him , son , we know that you have strong feelings for diana .
blue cloud and snow flower sit down in the sand .
plants showing one of these forms contained two identical ' elements ' ( both purple flower ' elements ' , for example ) , but only passed one of these two ' elements ' onto their offspring during fertilization .
the flower was living and full of life , but completely deserted and surrounded by land that has been destroyed by war , destroyed by mans disputes .
the pink one with the flowers embroidered on the collar .
just a small flower or two on their graves would make her feel some closure .
i would like to say it was resolved beautifully , with me whisking her off to a beautiful weekend of champagne and flowers and a deeper understanding of our cultural foundations , but it did reach a kind of stasis .
in the winter it is the wind , in the spring it is the prairie flowers , in the summer it is the sun that vibrates up from the ground .
this guy has a flower mill which produces flower to make baked goods .
we need to build a solid canal and dam up parts so we have enough water for my cattle and also my flower mill too .
she was wondering if we could buy a keg of flower for baking before we left .
she took the flower and began mixing it with water and then kneading it .
i watched the flower of our youth sacrifice themselves to save the empire and the fatherland .
why destroy a flower in midst of its bloom ?
still later , several women and a bunch of kids gathered around the grave , planting some flowers in the newly turned soil and burning incense .
the lawn was well maintained and the flower beds freshly planted with new blooms .
like a little lady in her flower girl dress she was daintily eating a piece of the wedding cake .
she deserved flowers , a woman with such red hair and beautiful nature well it was n't right that she did n't have the wedding she deserved surrounded by all her sisters , friends , family stefan shook the thought away .
on the day i found the flower , it was one of those rare and special moments .
i stepped out of the big house on a sunny afternoon , to the back where leonor and josefina sevilla played with their porcelain dolls next to doa clotildes flower garden .
even at that age , i knew mankind could nt create anything as radiant as this luminescent flower .
i carried the disregarded flower with me throughout the day .
why would she care about my flower ?
to her , flowers are only for them and not us .
but they really do nt care about flowers !
chapter 11 : valentina the first time i saw them strewn carelessly on the dirt i thought what a tragedy for someone to have dropped their flowers .
but lilacs , sunflowers , gardenias and many other flowers kept appearing in my pathways .
it was impossible to tell exactly where the flowers came from since all kinds , wild ones and other types , grew throughout the hacienda .
i was sure , though , that the one place they did nt come from was doa clotildes garden where only the most particular of flowers were grown .
why would anyone leave flowers for me ?
maybe an animal or even a flower , he chuckled .
you should be named after a flower .
i asked , wondering with gnawing curiosity if the mystery behind my flowers would finally be solved .
why would you be giving me flowers ?
but i ve got to get back in the house to finish my work , i mumbled as i swiftly turned around without taking the flower .
i hated being so fluttery and jittery , but it seemed i had finally solved the mystery behind the flowers in my paths .
the next time i found flowers on my way home , i left them on the ground .
chapter 16 : valentina this game that lucio and i played with the flowers and him popping out of nowhere to talk to me went on without me trying to stop it anymore .
even though i started picking up the flowers again , i made sure no one saw me do it .
even when the flowers stopped comingbecause i imagined lucio would ve wanted to make sure we were nt found outstill i knew two people suspected us .
chapter 25 : valentina as i went about my life , flowers started coming my way again .
leonardo was much taller and had much bigger feet than lucio , and he had probably seen lucio leave me flowers in the past .
i asked leonardo , the flowers in my hands as i went up to him .
yes , you ll answer me or yes , you ve been leaving me flowers ?
i thought you liked flowers .
you can stop leaving me the flowers .
with the flowers , i stated .
lucio never left me any flowers , did he ?
but i knew you liked flowers , and they made you happy , he stated , continuing his work without even glancing at me .
he had nt showered me with flowers .
stop following me , i heard him burst one day while i was tending the flowers in doa clotildes garden .
he stalked away without ever knowing that i was in the flower garden .
how could i have not realized it all these years ? even after he had confessed about the flowers .
the day came swiftly when i put on my best outfit , the one with the long bellowing sky - blue skirt and the light pink blouse with colorful flowers embroidered on it and went to father mateo to get married .
it was a delicate gold band with an etching of a flower in the middle .
suddenly , all the flowers he had ever given me , the quiet talks by the river , and his comforting presence hit my memory like a fierce wind .
the flowers he still left me now included other gifts such as beautiful smooth stones on my milking stool and delicious figs or pomegranates on any windowsill i d be near .
sometimes in those nocturnal get - a - ways we d be caring for the animals , or he d be leaving me colorful flowers on my pathways .
often , i could see leonardo as he was that day he had confessed about the flowers , pulling out weeds with a determined face that was streaked with long beads of perspiration .
did nt i pick all those flowers for you ?
that s why i d leave you the flowers and moved out of the way for lucio because i thought he could make you happy .
the rest of the afternoon was spent in pleasant chit - chat and fond reminiscences of their tried and tested friendship dating from the days when in trying to establish her image of respectability meg had joined anna in the church flower rota .
if is wisnae for me still keepin ma mooth shut if ah wis tae tell the world whit ah ken there s wan thing sure if ah wis tae spill the beans tae yer guid man jack and aw the rest o the folk roon aboot , yed damn sure be drummed oot o aw yon fancy flower - arrangin and ither such ladylike falderals .
chapter one - in which curiosity plagues the parrot chapter two -involving a rather formidable tea chapter three - demonstrating how a secret between two people can not possibly last two hours chapter four - a sorry lot chapter five - when pigs fly chapter six - a grand entrance chapter seven - a day on the green chapter eight - all things newsworthy chapter nine - first impressions chapter ten - second thoughts chapter eleven - three french hens chapter twelve - the jenney 's party an interlude with lady rhodri chapter thirteen - grace billings takes up the gauntlet chapter fourteen - tuesday next chapter fifteen - selena 's tempest in a teapot chapter sixteen - the larabee 's ball another interlude with lady rhodri chapter seventeen - dramatis personae chapter eighteen - the ides of march chapter nineteen - thin ice chapter twenty - april showers chapter twenty - one - may flowers chapter twenty - two - the lottery chapter twenty - three - monday , the 27th of june , the ever fateful morning chapter twenty - four - monday , the 27th of june , the never to be forgotten luncheon chapter twenty - five - monday , the 27th of june , one to make ready and two to prepare chapter twenty - six - monday , the 27th of june , tribute to a hero chapter twenty - seven - grand farewells a final note from lady rhodri acknowledgements inspirations about mary carter contact for my friends in claremont , with fond memories of all the shows , pageants , and ' spectacles ' we staged together .
` ` i want to transport the flowers by the front door down to the end of the walk , '' their mother answered decidedly .
` ` have our flowers suddenly gone agnostic ? ''
` ` the flowers , mamma - we are walking past the flowers , '' noted selena .
` ` the flowers , mamma - we are walking past the flowers , '' noted selena .
` ` we are moving the flowers before they freeze , '' supplied little eliza from beneath the brim of her oversized hat .
` ` i see , '' mrs . ellsworth replied coolly as she plucked an inferior flower from a tall crystal vase .
he was dressed well , neither beneath his station nor above that of his hosts , and in his hand was a bouquet of hothouse flowers for mrs . jenney .
` ` what about all the things we love to do - planting flowers , and our walks about the riverbanks - not to mention our silly little handmade sailboat races ? ''
mrs . billings and mrs . larabee rounded up the girls once again , and just before they moved on , mrs . billings hastily snatched the bouquet of flowers right out of mr . pierce 's hands .
rachel quimby stepped forward with her flowers and addressed the impressive gentleman standing before her .
greeted on shore by some two - hundred thousand people , they passed yet thousands more who tossed wreaths and flowers along their path to city hall .
the musicians commenced the touching tune , lady washington , which elaine abbott sang with tender elegance , as the young costume presenters , followed by the two constantly warring washington ladies , strode up the aisle with flowers for colonel levasseur , lafayette 's son , and of course , the general himself .
` ` we present you with these flowers , '' announced natalie abbott .
a hush swiftly descended as selena jenney appeared and stood center stage as lovely and as gracious as a flower .
remind me to send her flowers .
no flowers to other women until we have been married for years and years .
as for the room , why do they do that with flowers ?
you take a bare room and fill it to overflowing with flowers .
i gave one of the flower stands an inappropriate push and got it out of the way .
the room was still overwhelmed with flowers , and i had to push my way through several huge plants just to shake his hand .
food and flowers were not a problem , but musicians might be .
but eventually the last of the food and flowers and chairs and tables were in , covered with the right linens , and ready for the evening .
life began to return to the trees and flowers in the groves .
* * * the neat mound of dirt in the small church cemetery was completely concealed beneath armloads of bright spring flowers .
he stopped at the edge of the grave but said nothing as he stared down at the mound of flowers .
the fresh flowers piled around the headstone marked a recent visit by mollie .
a chain - link security fence had been put around the base of the stairs , and set in front of the fence were all kinds of flowers .
some were bouquets obviously bought for the occasion ; others were just flowers picked from a home garden .
there were some flowers there , but most were farther down the fence near a sign that simply said margaret .
as i stood there two more young women came to the fence and put flowers beneath margarets name .
i knelt down by the fence , put the book mark by the flowers , and said a prayer .
we found a park and slowly walked the paths , enjoying the flowers .
table of contents chapter one : an unexpected meeting chapter two : truth in a tea shop chapter three : a choice of suitors chapter four : families have their say chapter five : news from abroad chapter six : a visit to the country chapter seven : a proposal and a proposition chapter eight : a christmas present say it with flowers free sample of farewell to kindness other books by jude knight connect with jude knight chapter one : an unexpected meeting tha wants to talk to min about they chairs , said the man in the office , and directed candle avery to the far corner of the carriage - makers yard .
he passed a flower shop that was just opening its doors to offload a cartload of flowers , still in buckets and fresh from the fields .
he passed a flower shop that was just opening its doors to offload a cartload of flowers , still in buckets and fresh from the fields .
he was whistling when he exited the flower shop .
my mother asked me to thank you for the flowers .
but flowers were very ordinary .
that day , the flowers were delicate orchids , and the following brought anemones .
more flowers from your young man , minerva ?
he asked , and was assured that flowers had been delivered every morning .
he and mrs brown had spent nearly two hours , the week before last , planning the flowers to send and the order to send them .
had his persistent assault by flower and food softened her towards him ?
so you re the young lord who has turned my house into a flower shop and who wants to come and see me tomorrow , mr bradshaw said .
the flowers , mama said , meant i send these flowers as an ambassador of my love , and i look to be happy in marriage .
i have not thanked you , yet , for all the lovely flowers you sent me .
you said so with your flowers .
she felt herself warm in his direction , as if he was the sun and she a flower .
candle showed min along the lines of seedlingstrees , shrubs , and flowers being propagated to fill the garden in spring .
below , you will find a brief summary of the language of flowers , a sample of farewell to kindness , to be published in april 2015 , a description of other books i m working on , my brief biography , and places you can find me online .
say it with flowers the language of flowers has a history stretching back to antiquity .
here are the flowers candle used .
as everyone gathered for the ceremony , elizabeth had been nervous , almost trembling , in a beautiful dark - blue dress with spring flowers in her hair .
you look like a dried up sponge that s grown three times as large and come back to life the way you soak up your familys love , benjamin said as he watched his wilted flower blossom .
benjamin had nicknamed mai pretty flower during their gold prospecting in western australia .
for two years after their sons death that flower had wilted until she joined him in a grave next to his .
it was now august and the late winter flowers were starting to show , the cherry tree behind the hotel was a mass of buds , the promise of new life .
a small table along one wall supported a vase of fresh flowers .
like a butterfly flapping his wings past a pretty flower , but never poking his nose in it ?
there s a nice looking place over there where the flowers are growing ; lets get something to eat , patrick .
after he was greeted by her parents matilda quickly took his arm and led him outside into a garden of flowers and various shrubs .
the house , or mansion , was surrounded by a well kept flower garden .
` ` i had a dream once , of being a queen in tarchna , flowers in my hair , queen of the harvest ... '' ` ` you 'll be a queen , anyway , '' her husband said .
` ` did you ever wear the flowers in your hair ? ''
his face seemed set in an expression of disdain ; clearly the flower of etruria 's athletes meant nothing to him .
everything grows , and changes , and dies ; a tree , a flower , a nation . ''
` ` let every flower in the field bloom , '' egerius said .
` ` there was a mound on a bluff by the river where the women used to take flowers and cakes , and sometimes chickens .
he could n't see the brides ' faces under the wreaths they were wearing ; there were too many people in the way , and the flowers were too big huge floppy poppies , their petals already wilting and blowzy .
your flowers are safe . ''
here on the terrace there were a few bees hovering on the rosemary flowers ; there would be more in the meadows , scattering widely in their search .
she lived each day for what it brought ; wild flowers clutched in a small fist , the sun shining on frost , a harvest she had to help gather in , the sight of blood on her hand where the sickle had cut her .
it had to be swept clean and mildrith and sunniva were sent to the river to collect fresh rushes and aidith to the meadows to pick new flowers to perfume the room .
at this moment , aidith passed with the flowers and i let my gaze linger on her as she walked by .
moving slowly down the slope with others to place her flowers and give her condolences , annie tried to say her silent goodbyes .
standing across from her , slightly apart from the rest of the family , an older woman glared fiercely into the grave being rapidly covered with flowers .
annie then turned mrs . stein gently to the side and nodded at the woman who was still staring into the now flower covered grave .
dusty surfaces , musty vases of flowers that were past their prime , and a plethora of black crape that covered every available piece of furniture .
he and his uncle had been in this room earlier in the week , and nothing seemed to have changed , except the accumulation of dust and the decay of the flowers .
looking over at mrs . voss , nate doubted she had much experience beyond managing her house and arranging flowers .
she then swept up the wilted flowers she had picked and stood looking helplessly around for someplace to dispose of them .
mrs . voss simply dumped the flowers back on the table and came back to sit across from nate , saying , ` ` oh , mr . dawson , i am sorry jeremy is n't here .
annie kept up a steady stream of chatter about what they were seeing , exclaiming about a sand piper that fluttered overhead , and then stopping to pick some of the various wild flowers along the way .
nate stepped up to her , and , seeing that she was ineffectually trying to open up her purse , he gently removed her parasol and her bunch of flowers and shells so that she could pull out her handkerchief .
i arrived at st . catherines shortly before the eleven oclock service started , but i found that i was not in the proper frame of mind , so i took the geary street car to laurel hill and took some flowers to my brothers grave .
i enjoyed the music and walked among the flowers .
they not only repeatedly rang the front bell but they knocked on the kitchen door , climbed the fence and stood in the flower beds at the side of the house to peer in the windows , and intercepted the men delivering milk and ice to the house .
someone who could sing her love songs and bring her flowers . ''
bouquets of flowers littered the cobblestones , as romans , finally felt safe to emerge from their homes , praising gods grace that the nazis had finally be driven from their beloved city .
no one left flowers for simon roux at the site of his death or , at least , the dumping of his body but someone had felt some christian compulsion to mark it while he awaited burial .
miss bingley was on the side of the grounds , picking wild flowers and putting them in a basket so very daintily , as if she were putting on a show .
as he addressed her , lady heather littlefield looked up from her picking of flowers , holding up her bonnet as she did so .
i hired him last spring to cut down some trees that were hanging over my garden and preventing the flowers from getting sunlight .
heather is a gentle english flower , she said .
one side was appropriately decorated , he supposed , with a beautiful watercolor of flowers framed on the wall and a jewelry case on the dresser .
you know what i m going to do to you , little flower .
de floyran grabbed her face and turned it toward him , careful how you speak to me little flower .
oh i will , little flower , he said stroking her face , i will .
do nt worry little flower , i do nt see the necessity for you to share their fate .
besides , i have been called worse and that is what you should be worried about , little flower .
she brought that chain with the flowers and this brooch .
evening primrose , blazing star with its lavendar flowers , and swamp sunflower grew from every corner .
lily loved the gardens , especially her flowers .
she was scurrying around the garden , cutting every yellow flower , with a few white ones added here and there while the bouquet was forming in her smooth brown hands .
i like what you made , so i chose the very same flowers .
and do nt forget your flowers .
she leaned her head over and poured warm water over her head and shampooed her hair , then combed through the stubborn curls and went out on the front verandah to watch the flowers sway in the wind while her hair dried .
she took the long - necked water bucket and watered the flowers on the front verandah to keep busy .
why do nt you get some othose pretty flowers and well put em in the window for him to look at .
glad for a short reprieve , she wandered out to her garden and picked a small handful of flowers , chose a crystal bowl , filled it with water from the garden pump and gently laid the flowers on top of the water .
glad for a short reprieve , she wandered out to her garden and picked a small handful of flowers , chose a crystal bowl , filled it with water from the garden pump and gently laid the flowers on top of the water .
lily finding it too difficult to stand still began to gather flowers for the table .
the door knocker was missing and no pots of flowers adorned the place .
rose noticed the well - kept lawn and an array of colorful flowers now stood sentinel in pots arranged very cleverly in front of the newly painted house .
quick , she ran out to the garden , cut some colorful flowers and carried them up in a large vase to matilda janes room .
you wo nt have trouble making a garden and flowers if you are wo nt to do that .
they dug up and carried small rocks and formed an edging along the front of the house for the flower bed .
new flowers were growing up a trellis , the old swing had survived .
because of his latest comment , she did not wish to interrupt his thoughts , so she studied the design in the restaurant and the flowers outside the window , now listing to their sides under the weight of the fast falling rain .
these men , well mounted and well armed , are the flower of the king 's warriors . ''
` ` now bring to me the flower of the family , that we may inspect her petals ! ''
a simple chore ; the destruction of a small body of traders and guards , caused the fierce nomads to leave the flower of their horde dead on the riverbank .
you were a flower among rocks in this harsh land .
she had a small mountain flower pinned in her hair and a few more clutched in one tiny hand .
she ran back and handed gissler one of the little white flowers she still held in her hand .
that is my favorite flower in the world , seraina said , turning to thomas .
the only flower she could see was a half - trampled autumn crocus .
still , it seemed odd to ellie that she had nt smelled the flowers before given how fragrant they seemed to be .
he nodded his head toward the flower bouquet .
i do nt need flowers or an apology from you , jake .
abandoning the flowers and wine in the snow , he pulled the unconscious woman into his arms .
it had dead flowers and candles strewn over the surface .
leaving the girl in the shop , the old man takes x into his back office , crowded with wildly eclectic junk , naive paintings , cheap orientalismo , hoodoo candles , jars of flower petals , and an ornate potbellied stove , stoked up to cherryred , suffusing waves of drowsy warmth .
and she knows we do nt usually work with flowers ?
somewhere in the back of her mind , she half remembered a nightmare about the flower .
keith bent over him and seemed to be sniffing him , as if he was a flower or something .
next time , maybe just send some flowers !
i had filled a long , wooden box with flowers and herbs and someone must have been ignoring the water restrictions and watering them all the time because they were absolutely thriving so insanely green that i went over just to run my fingers through the leaves .
dylan crashed back against the flower box and the bricks .
beside me was the long flower box , half - demolished and spilling out onto the bricks , the white roots of the plants showing like veins .
his blog can be found at : http : //genuineapocrypha.blogspot.com/ these flowers have a taste for blood dorothy darrow copyright 2012 by dorothy darrow smashwords edition this is a work of fiction .
the instant luke had crossed the threshold into luxury for luxury 's sake , the sickening smell of fresh - cut flowers , lysol cleaner , and arrogance turned his stomach .
luke presumed the blonde shared her name with a sweet food or perky flower : candy , daisy , lilly .
he could n't help trampling the tiny white flowers that carpeted the ground .
colette brought luke to a bushel of flowers that reached up his leg .
he wanted to tell colette that she was beautiful , more beautiful than any flower he 'd ever seen , but he stopped himself , not wanting to come off as cheesy .
it 's my favorite flower in the whole garden .
` ` these flowers have a taste for blood , '' colette commented .
he recognized a few pricy mercedes , porsches , and bmws , but most of the cars were as foreign to him as the flowers in colette 's garden .
in lieu of flowers , the padreses kept their backyards rife with fresh vegetables , growing only plants that did n't reach higher than a foot .
she vomited into an empty flower pot .
lily was on all fours in the flower bed .
her head was in a bush of flowers .
they opened the wrought iron gate , and passed a pretty flower garden .
i was caught in the way the plot unfolded , to quote the story 's end , like ` ` a terrible flower . ''
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
hour of the cyclops - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 hour of the cyclops 302 the 118 a 118 i 111 and 104 of 94 to 91 was 72 my 60 in 44 it 41 with 38 ancient 35 apothecary 31 that 29 his 28 her 27 at 27 he 27 not 26 for 25 were 24 an 24 had 23 you 23 she 23 into 22 me 22 they 21 as 20 on 19 from 19 there 17 could 17 about 16 no 16 this 16 so 16 is 15 we 13 your 13 but 13 like 12 what 12 would 12 smyth 12 ms 11 him 11 be 11 where 11 all 11 when 10 or 10 did 10 have 10 down 10 out 9 by 9 mr 9 man 9 then 9 them 8 brain 8 girl 8 one 8 did n't 8 been 7 virgin 7 something 7 our 7 do n't 7 again 7 some 7 know 7 now 7 their 7 up 7 time 7 knew 7 eyes 7 water 7 very 6 was n't 6 after 6 back 6 came 6 went 6 if 6 any 6 george 6 world 6 how 6 nothing 6 hands 6 are 6 took 6 stars 6 body 6 do 6 hand 6 through 5 already 5 boy 5 right 5 who 5 its 5 shadows 5 most 5 good 5 against 5 other 5 best 5 too 5 over 5 got 5 pain 5 elevator 5 ichor 5 things 5 think 5 everything 5 face 5 close 5 spot 5 put 5 shall 5 lagoon 5 enough 5 door 5 around 5 along 5 before 4 can 4 better 4 yellow 4 beach 4 dark 4 little 4 dear 4 than 4 just 4 more 4 stop 4 left 4 only 4 tall 4 big 4 grew 4 well 4 far 4 made 4 cyclops 4 old 4 oh 4 surgeons 4 dead 4 rock 4 central 4 might 4 site 4 light 4 will 4 stairs 4 must 4 hammer 4 see 4 tried 3 going 3 gone 3 brazil 3 really 3 serious 3 arms 3 behind 3 bad 3 horrible 3 rather 3 knife 3 god 3 way 3 those 3 say 3 kept 3 metal 3 symbol 3 kind 3 chains 3 look 3 part 3 upon 3 rim 3 mind 3 seemed 3 worried 3 penlight 3 also 3 coat 3 shot 3 rembrandt 3 sacrifice 3 teeth 3 turned 3 moved 3 perhaps 3 place 3 lights 3 flesh 3 eye 3 off 3 hell 3 need 3 dog 3 moment 3 proper 3 trick 3 altar 3 cold 3 run 3 long 3 started 3 work 3 private 3 still 3 quite 3 olympic 3 indeed 3 blood 3 felt 3 am 3 radar 3 done 3 true 3 could n't 3 yes 3 laughed 3 shelf 3 stepped 3 these 3 floor 3 five 3 tell 3 tunnel 3 side 3 thing 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 gray 2 apothecary 's 2 crescent 2 matter 2 prescient 2 lift 2 even 2 breath 2 stone 2 rocks 2 final 2 trolley 2 climbing 2 i ' m 2 holding 2 happy 2 wire 2 white 2 both 2 sobbing 2 twisted 2 doing 2 dr 2 age 2 tests 2 sea 2 hill 2 expected 2 near 2 lord 2 away 2 beyond 2 past 2 story3 2 soon 2 laird 2 great 2 violence 2 smiled 2 scream 2 chest 2 sure 2 comfort 2 essence 2 send 2 curved 2 nose 2 actually 2 offering 2 asia 2 much 2 neither 2 rescue 2 insane 2 screaming 2 cavern 2 master 2 sand 2 heard 2 least 2 decided 2 last 2 next 2 toward 2 else 2 playing 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 ritual 2 ordinary 2 why 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 discovered 2 stabbed 2 abandoned 2 rough 2 form 2 ah 2 regard 2 slowly 2 ha 2 barron 2 edge 2 forth 2 thrower 2 grinding 2 grabbed 2 began 2 trying 2 above 2 snow 2 imagine 2 certain 2 alaska 2 few 2 celebrity 2 contact 2 watch 2 doors 2 shell 2 heh 2 cultist 2 call 2 mask 2 talk 2 ears 2 feet 2 petted 2 recording 2 life 2 happening 2 pushed 2 sky 2 disappearance 2 mouth 2 agonies 2 cart 2 own 2 operation 2 thick 2 please 2 opened 2 said 2 legs 2 second 2 fall 2 thrower 's 2 emerged 2 smile 2 however 2 double 2 find 2 let 2 among 2 lethal 2 skin 2 deep 2 sun 2 bright 2 free 2 hour 2 tracks 2 sent 2 here 2 yet 2 trifle 2 though 2 visited 2 looked 2 vile 2 scriven 2 hysteria 2 scientist 2 pulled 2 ever 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 tongue 2 because 2 parka 2 creeping 2 nor 2 quickly 2 moving 2 floating 2 sinister 2 found 2 hurled 2 sort 2 game 2 across 2 while 2 ivory 2 screams 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 once 2 alaskan 2 either 2 ca n't 2 chimera 2 short 2 gold 2 chance 2 head 2 anything 2 genius 2 years 2 times 2 team 2 noises 2 saw 1 bering 1 lets 1 belonged 1 athlete 1 electronic 1 gloves 1 super 1 wild 1 survivors 1 seeing 1 miracle 1 bench 1 project 1 sheets 1 ocher 1 huts 1 everyone 1 resembled 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 people 1 guest 1 source 1 striking 1 roiling 1 sensed 1 whom 1 show 1 sufficient 1 sympathize 1 speculating 1 understandable 1 updraft 1 gather 1 juncture 1 precious 1 snobby 1 anymore 1 thanked 1 mound 1 heavily 1 latter 1 devices 1 deal 1 hesitation 1 deadwood 1 green 1 replacing 1 vast 1 pulse 1 astrophysics 1 seconds 1 ravish 1 real 1 liberally 1 streak 1 agent 1 flared 1 referred 1 terminate 1 penetrated 1 sight 1 dragged 1 advertised 1 illusion 1 icy 1 encircled 1 jumble 1 divulge 1 speed 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 nasty 1 signals 1 get 1 go 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 dish 1 forearms 1 plucked 1 casting 1 thankless 1 fabulously 1 academic 1 bottom 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 frightful 1 whisking 1 threat 1 stuff 1 infinite 1 save 1 prime 1 appear 1 shale 1 usual 1 gas 1 die 1 fingernail 1 reverberated 1 exist 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 unclean 1 ho 1 flexing 1 marriage 1 chilly 1 sick 1 staggered 1 dawn 1 nemesis 1 tools 1 imperious 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 imperial 1 hair 1 coils 1 vastness 1 unorthodox 1 shoot 1 glottal 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 woke 1 many 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wearing 1 church 1 affairs 1 act 1 stolen 1 exact 1 coax 1 college 1 shelter 1 minions 1 wrong 1 withered 1 spilled 1 focused 1 damn 1 fast 1 quick 1 torture 1 succeed 1 possibility 1 suspicious 1 emanated 1 flame 1 callous 1 riding 1 melbourne 1 running 1 switch 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 rectify 1 refused 1 displeased 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 sprague 's 1 splashed 1 absolute 1 appliances 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 possible 1 thirty - one 1 understand 1 mentioning 1 iron 1 canopy 1 unavoidable 1 cacophony 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kicked 1 under 1 contrast 1 gathering 1 move 1 mouths 1 reflexes 1 distinct 1 shimmer 1 anvil 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 raptor - like 1 crouched 1 mosques 1 motion 1 stab 1 superior 1 accepted 1 bed 1 neck 1 medical 1 risky 1 chloroform 1 end 1 bowls 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 classified 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 without 1 story1 1 living 1 effort 1 piece 1 continued 1 strength 1 rapid 1 woman 1 2000 1 gesticulated 1 narrow 1 dank 1 tank 1 bundled 1 sorry 1 appease 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 supple 1 breathing 1 angles 1 costumes 1 ague 1 d 1 struggled 1 ghastly 1 herself 1 plans 1 whupped 1 smoke 1 child 1 slogging 1 unthinkable 1 pretty 1 unseen 1 jolted 1 onto 1 whole 1 sturdy 1 stations 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 suspiciously 1 conclusion 1 alright 1 researchers 1 drawing 1 goodness 1 cairo 1 convoluted 1 father 1 epic 1 alignment 1 splashing 1 pleasant 1 awful 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 overnight 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 madness 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 gelid 1 wretched 1 appropriated 1 patterns 1 report 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 information 1 deathly 1 village 1 horn 1 encumbered 1 ugly 1 platform 1 expelled 1 victim 1 involuntary 1 believer 1 means 1 unmapped 1 tomb 1 enthused 1 strong 1 cowering 1 eighty 1 numbness 1 west 1 state 1 probably 1 prompted 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 pitiless 1 ladder 1 scar 1 mountain 1 akin 1 come 1 file 1 brimmed 1 less 1 tremendous 1 bunkers 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 nominate 1 creaked 1 paper 1 bellow 1 lecture 1 devise 1 spicate 1 sunrise 1 erected 1 cast 1 intended 1 glimmered 1 make 1 leather 1 worry 1 odor 1 hanging 1 chewed 1 transformation 1 fizzled 1 robes 1 mist 1 handed 1 film 1 ahead 1 ones 1 instructions 1 regarded 1 certainly 1 clothes 1 lumbers 1 suffering 1 flickered 1 busy 1 missing 1 resources 1 syringes 1 peculiar 1 somebody 1 diamond - edged 1 settled 1 rings 1 floodlights 1 disappeared 1 rails 1 cosmetic 1 desiccated 1 yarding 1 caper 1 consider 1 posts 1 course 1 weapon 1 lower 1 pursued 1 heavens 1 loathsome 1 design 1 enemies 1 chuckling 1 torments 1 spindly 1 northern 1 parents 1 sinuous 1 confined 1 transfusion 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 okay 1 entered 1 sucked 1 tufts 1 occupy 1 stir 1 questioning 1 forest 1 besides 1 merged 1 soft 1 opinion 1 dated 1 genetic 1 worse 1 crazy 1 machinations 1 holes 1 increasingly 1 doctors 1 polished 1 worth 1 consciously 1 ball 1 sharp 1 governing 1 followed 1 stood 1 l - five 1 dragging 1 meant 1 potbelly 1 hurry 1 air 1 anthill 1 traveled 1 mystical 1 give 1 render 1 military 1 smooth 1 contemplate 1 examined 1 vanish 1 windows 1 sneaking 1 lurched 1 walls 1 quonset 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 amply 1 mechanized 1 lighting 1 beware 1 egregious 1 glare 1 hard 1 fingernails 1 ominous 1 surely 1 crimson 1 remember 1 leaking 1 southeast 1 myriad 1 seep 1 interpretation 1 question 1 manifold 1 required 1 admit 1 sound 1 pyramids 1 bloating 1 predators 1 moot 1 mess 1 tactic 1 gears 1 pay 1 strung 1 crazily 1 drumlin 1 nefarious 1 subjected 1 unlikely 1 cut 1 lent 1 realized 1 europe 1 bother 1 panted 1 beetles 1 glowing 1 field 1 febrile 1 carapaces 1 played 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 badly 1 evil 1 amber 1 guess 1 comfortable 1 decades 1 north 1 recollection 1 groin 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 waves 1 unspoken 1 dealt 1 patched 1 illumination 1 hazards 1 handsome 1 ph 1 dripping 1 twice 1 cracking 1 elixir 1 would n't 1 bulged 1 hills 1 complex 1 imperative 1 slitherer 1 dirt 1 cell 1 international 1 dying 1 string 1 mustache 1 groping 1 gelatinous 1 maneuvering 1 hotel 1 days 1 firmament 1 flower 1 careless 1 honestly 1 occupants 1 use 1 despite 1 until 1 switched 1 curtain 1 bodily 1 malign 1 dried 1 wicked 1 lolled 1 distant 1 autohypnotic 1 rusty 1 toys 1 safe 1 fellow 1 feral 1 ice 1 columns 1 heightening 1 tundra 1 scenting 1 clacking 1 stages 1 fool 1 rematerialization 1 profane 1 mean 1 overlooking 1 suggestion 1 syllables 1 darkest 1 scope 1 rail 1 curiosity 1 gawked 1 particularly 1 stay 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 clapped 1 help 1 disembodied 1 relinquish 1 tugged 1 drifting 1 cruel 1 circuits 1 wild - looking 1 briny 1 shrugged 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 bit 1 progressing 1 curses 1 oozing 1 presence 1 changeable 1 god 's 1 thank 1 runes 1 ended 1 check 1 situation 1 naked 1 supported 1 nature 1 guard 1 western 1 mastermind 1 top 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 front 1 barrel 1 cello 1 jagged 1 unhinged 1 coats 1 government 1 told 1 price 1 famous 1 artist 1 forcing 1 fine 1 jet 1 boot 1 poor 1 hide 1 answered 1 trailed 1 men 1 waiting 1 lucky 1 glyphs 1 horse 1 carts 1 aimed 1 line 1 knee 1 rituals 1 wonderful 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 earth 1 smitten 1 gel 1 sensitive 1 difficult 1 threw 1 claim 1 important 1 risked 1 thy 1 speaking 1 red 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 swell 1 control 1 unless 1 spurts 1 portion 1 art2 1 wrote 1 egurgitated 1 crevices 1 below 1 during 1 frozen 1 schools 1 speak 1 stalling 1 chosen 1 unannounced 1 sad 1 warned 1 nobel 1 infusion 1 officious 1 humble 1 cataclysm 1 distinction 1 contract 1 open 1 extended 1 prickling 1 operatives 1 jumpsuit 1 pressed 1 vaults 1 lever 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 listening 1 interminable 1 war 1 cut - rate 1 barred 1 climbed 1 honey 1 remarkable 1 troops 1 whatever 1 caught 1 grass 1 whitening 1 arranged 1 replied 1 language 1 satisfied 1 scored 1 chalk 1 plastered 1 hunched 1 meddle 1 avowed 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 somewhere 1 autumn 1 subject 1 underwater 1 battery 1 crusty 1 beloved 1 every 1 bombing 1 wavery 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 slow 1 squirming 1 dreamed 1 arm 1 affect 1 artifacts 1 visit 1 horned 1 triggered 1 ago 1 fires 1 haze 1 safely 1 slip 1 constriction 1 cloaks 1 together 1 maybe 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 hood 1 dreary 1 touched 1 shins 1 moths 1 groove 1 purple 1 english 1 sensation 1 truly 1 grin 1 karate 1 revere 1 contributors 1 scalloped 1 shame 1 capsule 1 lucrative 1 getting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 drs 1 hulk 1 rajah 1 budge 1 paperwork 1 frame 1 home 1 couple 1 large 1 removed 1 snout 1 memory 1 bones 1 opposition 1 dispassionate 1 nome 1 stones 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 experiments 1 measure 1 snapped 1 confusing 1 louder 1 awake 1 offensive 1 several 1 pleased 1 cursing 1 art3 1 heathen 1 depart 1 death - white 1 shined 1 schemes 1 hideous 1 feel 1 unhappy 1 thinking 1 guards 1 america 1 gallant 1 leg 1 october 1 mature 1 terror 1 shells 1 it 's 1 frothed 1 miles 1 professor 1 gnashed 1 three 1 thwart 1 horror 1 womanhood 1 feeling 1 army 1 thanks 1 two 1 peeled 1 cinched 1 stilled 1 wish 1 circuit 1 shaft 1 attention 1 lovers 1 transplants 1 membranous 1 alacrity 1 weight 1 full 1 identification 1 half 1 pocked 1 recognized 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 nestled 1 darker 1 ministrations 1 sloping 1 squeeze 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 array 1 kid 1 allowed 1 year 1 caressed 1 shadow 1 assignment 1 spokes 1 shambling 1 arcane 1 walrus 1 handrail 1 worst 1 barbwire 1 witness 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 possession 1 reasons 1 virulent 1 seizes 1 perilous 1 wind 1 direction 1 compound 1 rain 1 wrist 1 joints 1 captured 1 steer 1 nonetheless 1 acrid 1 nice 1 problem 1 tight 1 rigor 1 were n't 1 became 1 sweat 1 popular 1 warm 1 exactly 1 i 'd 1 extinguish 1 wilderness 1 undulated 1 reassured 1 hunting 1 sheen 1 stopped 1 folds 1 cries 1 pitch 1 chimpanzees 1 reserved 1 bomb 1 tired 1 sat 1 horseshoe 1 tower 1 gasped 1 horizon 1 due 1 spectral 1 often 1 remembered 1 distracted 1 nails 1 waste 1 foam - bearded 1 worms 1 described 1 babbled 1 named 1 rich 1 swathed 1 timing 1 explanation 1 glory 1 larger 1 clattered 1 toddler 1 dangled 1 predicament 1 dim 1 superiors 1 unkind 1 crawl 1 alarm 1 raised 1 graduated 1 rictus 1 friends 1 charnel 1 chattering 1 between 1 space 1 truth 1 gurgled 1 shriek 1 scuttled 1 acceptable 1 reeked 1 secret 1 betwixt 1 thought 1 kill 1 chaos 1 eyelids 1 reassurance 1 draped 1 eastern 1 grotto 1 legendary 1 determination 1 agents 1 dangling 1 sections 1 story2 1 single 1 hole 1 signal 1 pocket 1 chuckle 1 advantage 1 motioned 1 compartment 1 bent 1 shoes 1 squandering 1 appeared 1 spot 's 1 displeasure 1 generator 1 himself 1 fellows 1 chanted 1 permafrost 1 water 's 1 crash 1 tearing 1 malachite 1 flushed 1 cranial 1 rubbing 1 ready 1 myself 1 trip 1 lair 1 weird 1 rights 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 tiny 1 deflower 1 walking 1 bank 1 level 1 bored 1 covered 1 perfectly 1 concomitant 1 asked 1 spite 1 bull 1 drilled 1 boarded 1 unwelcome 1 experimental 1 cluster 1 grooves 1 awaited 1 broad 1 longer 1 leash 1 welts 1 steps 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 press 1 background 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 rust - twisted 1 believe 1 catamites 1 anywhere 1 mounted 1 happily 1 unmistakable 1 exaggerating 1 called 1 bubbles 1 travels 1 step 1 mesh 1 confiscated 1 extinction 1 rag 1 inauspicious 1 foamed 1 cried 1 point 1 sprague 1 which 1 siphoned 1 theology 1 flow 1 bulb 1 functions 1 afoul 1 locked 1 bubbled 1 vibrated 1 exposed 1 accomplish 1 gripped 1 indelicacy 1 spoil 1 crystalline 1 low 1 held 1 mold 1 clear 1 take 1 plinths 1 arcana 1 knives 1 unspeakable 1 noctilucent 1 bullet 1 floes 1 collector 1 frigid 1 suffer 1 try 1 fell 1 turns 1 ponder 1 killed 1 enemy 1 bracketed 1 present 1 fog 1 funneled 1 virgins 1 fortuitously 1 serpentine 1 sweetheart 1 precautions 1 supposed 1 walked 1 trundled 1 general 1 temples 1 quiet 1 utter 1 task 1 closer 1 riddle 1 awaiting 1 crow 1 aldebaran 1 clung 1 extremely 1 invisible 1 tendons 1 cloud 1 raise 1 affair 1 gotten 1 mirrored 1 completely 1 amusement 1 safety 1 deluded 1 dirge 1 unlike 1 looking 1 primates 1 instant 1 majority 1 commenced 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 downsloping 1 capsizes 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 extending 1 obsidian 1 oozed 1 comforted 1 shutters 1 ride 1 art1 1 jerked 1 rear 1 sadly 1 can not 1 tolerances 1 charitably 1 listen 1 loss 1 blackness 1 q 1 touching 1 revolver 1 drop 1 stupid 1 weaving 1 meaty 1 openings 1 lee 1 scientists 1 pair 1 disabled 1 decay 1 appearance 1 h 1 picture 1 anatomical 1 bothered 918 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
right into frank zappa and his moon unit stuffbut mark is a hell of a weird name for a woman , even with the flower power roots .
i do nt want no flowers and hearts , this is a discount electronics store , not a barbie house .
the vase of flowers shed brought up with her to the apartment was the only injection of happy colours in the subdued environment .
the harbinger of those flowers , i assume .
corpse flowers ?
his own room was painted a baby blue , the only injection of masculine influence allowed , and even here his mother had managed to shove a black vase full of fake red roses , her need for fake flowers pathological in scope .
this obsession was patiently tolerated , even as he grew into his teens , for charlie understood it was his mothers own way of controlling her environment , her obsessive love for flowers overriding her ability to properly take care of them .
he pushed his way through the debris into and out of the various apartments , past kitchens with sinks smashed in half , past the tangle of decayed vines and their dead flowers , past cracked concrete and shredded vintage wallpaper .
i looked around for a flower store , but then i thought flowers might be kind of weird so i picked up a bag of her favorite cookies , pepperidge farm chocolate raspberry milanos .
i looked around for a flower store , but then i thought flowers might be kind of weird so i picked up a bag of her favorite cookies , pepperidge farm chocolate raspberry milanos .
buy your wife some flowers .
during all of this elise had moved of course , but a month later when a bunch of flowers showed up with a picture of elise and miranda taken from afar embedded in the blooms , elise had run further and taken miranda with her .
i stood for a few minutes , tears welling up in my eyes , looking at the hundreds of flower bunches tied to the white fence , then i left .
usually that path took us somewhere with dragons , flowers , and tried to end on a positive note so they could go to sleep understanding why even ugly flowers need attention .
usually that path took us somewhere with dragons , flowers , and tried to end on a positive note so they could go to sleep understanding why even ugly flowers need attention .
i only do for your good , but there is much virtue to you in those so common flowers .
we went into the room , taking the flowers with us .
next , taking a handful of the flowers , she rubbed them all over the sashes , as though to ensure that every whiff of air that might get in would be laden with the garlic smell .
i wonder why she was so anxious about these flowers .
there were a lot of those horrible , strong - smelling flowers about everywhere , and he had actually a bunch of them round his neck .
if not watching all the time , frequently visit and see that flowers are as placed , very important , do not fail .
i went to bed as usual , taking care that the flowers were placed as dr . van helsing directed , and soon fell asleep .
amongst other things , he clutched the wreath of flowers that dr . van helsing insisted on my wearing round my neck , and tore it away from me .
the pages shrieked , and then went in a body to the dining room , and i laid what flowers i had on my dear father 's breast .
the flowers which had been round his neck we found upon his father 's chest , and his throat was bare , showing the two little wounds which we had noticed before , but looking horribly white and mangled .
when i came back to my seat , i found that lucas had moved slightly , and had torn away the garlic flowers from his throat .
it struck me as curious that the moment he became conscious he pressed the garlic flowers close to him .
it was certainly odd that whenever he got into that lethargic state , with the stertorous breathing , he put the flowers from him , but that when he waked he clutched them close .
she removed the flowers and lifted the silk handkerchief from his throat .
she came back with a handful of wild garlic from the box waiting in the hall , but which had not been opened , and placed the flowers amongst the others on and around the bed .
she went to and fro , as if patroling the house , and was never out of sight of the room where lucas lay in his coffin , strewn with the wild garlic flowers , which sent through the odour of lily and rose , a heavy , overpowering smell into the night .
as she answered me her face grew stern , and she said in quite a different tone , ' oh , it was the grim irony of it all , this so lovely sir garlanded with flowers , that looked so fair as life , till one by one we wondered if he were truly dead , he laid in that so fine marble house in that lonely churchyard , where rest so many of his kin , laid there with the mother who loved him , and whom he loved , and that sacred bell going ' toll !
the tomb in the daytime , and when wreathed with fresh flowers , had looked grim and gruesome enough , but now , some days afterwards , when the flowers hung lank and dead , their whites turning to rust and their greens to browns , when the spider and the beetle had resumed their accustomed dominance , when the time - discoloured stone , and dust - encrusted mortar , and rusty , dank iron , and tarnished brass , and clouded silver - plating gave back the feeble glimmer of a candle , the effect was more miserable and sordid than could have been imagined .
' as she spoke she lifted a little silver crucifix and held it out to me , i being nearest to her , ' put these flowers round your neck , ' here she handed to me a wreath of withered garlic blossoms , ' for other enemies more mundane , this revolver and this knife , and for aid in all , these so small electric lamps , which you can fasten to your breast , and for all , and above all at the last , this , which we must not desecrate needless . '
mary planned on getting her old job back at the flower shop in town .
* * * mary spent the morning in town at the flower shop , visiting her old boss and friend who had agreed to hire her when she moved back to mapleview .
really it was a beautiful vase , probably 200 years old , and would look so nice if she put some fresh - cut flowers in it .
if a vase caused a nightmare , she would clean it and put fresh flowers in it .
the average person sees a vase as being a practical item and will not display one unless it involves flowers or some kind of floral arrangement .
maybe it was some old , dried up flowers .
mary called her friend ( and soon - to - be - boss ) who owned the flower shop .
but the bond was strong through high school ; through college while attending , together ; and while mary worked at shelly 's flower shop some years ago .
mary worked full time at the flower shop ; but throughout the week , daren had a few days of down time while waiting for the next biomedical demonstration .
mary knelt on the ground on a warm , spring day while planting flowers along a garden that perimetered her backyard .
daren came home the friday afternoon of that week while mary was still at the flower shop .
* * * monday morning means that mary must report to the flower shop for another 5 or 6 days of her job .
along with no flowers brought into the house , there was no opening of the passenger door so eileen could get in .
being the new owner of the historic trivelli house , mary could plant however she wished and expanded the yearly gardening so that the entire perimeter of the yard and house were outlined with flowers .
the day 's work of planting flowers had been completed .
mary returned from the flower shop on that monday afternoon and took notice of subtle tire imprints on the backyard grass .
he was looking forward to so many of the attributes that came with this practice : the feel of the rubber grip as it penetrated her ; the blooming processoh it was going to be breathtaking to see her bloom like a flower , her pedals turning inside out to reveal the gorgeous crimson sea within her that beckoned to be liberated , like a pearl in an oyster but if there would be only one element that he would ask for out of this ordeal , it would be the look .
he watched as the puddle of thick syrup - like crimson broadened into a puddle underneath him while he kept staring into his eyeswidening more and more like a blooming flower in the beginning of spring ; which was the time when everyone could go outside and feel the fresh outdoor life for the first time since being locked up inside as it was too cold outwarmth , fresh air , freedomliveliness .
' for know you , that your gold and marble city of wonder is only the sum of what you have seen and loved in youth ... the glory of boston 's hillside roofs and western windows aflame with sunset ; of the flower - fragrant common and the great dome on the hill and the tangle of gables and chimneys in the violet valley where the many - bridged charlotte flows drowsily ... this loveliness , moulded , crystallised , and polished by years of memory and dreaming , is your terraced wonder of elusive sunsets ; and to find that marble parapet with curious urns and carven rail , and descend at last those endless balustraded steps to the city of broad squares and prismatic fountains , you need only to turn back to the thoughts and visions of your wistful boyhood . '
the apartment building we approach has flower boxes below the windows and the scents from the blossoms are intense , heavy and fragrant .
i get to my feet and rotate in a circle , noting flowers and butterflies all around me .
it is a flower .
i peer around seeking other red flowers but everything else is the same .
my eyes drop down to gaze at the flower but i jump back in horror as the petals fall off one by one .
i leap forward to catch the petals as if that will keep them on the flower .
on my knees , i cup my hands around the flower but the petals drift slowly to the ground as if the law of gravity has changed allowing the petals to sink at their own rate .
carefully , she leaned down and put the pot of flowers by the memorial .
she shakes her head as though to clear away the confusing thoughts and leads emma towards an old wooden door with a brass flower designed handle .
she finds a nice orange purse style case with little red and green flowers imprinted in the fabric .
emma stops to rest just outside of the greenhouse filled with plants and flowers .
as he wandered to his mothers grave and laid a flower upon it , a noise sounded from behind emile .
after due consideration , emilio also tweaked the identity of the gravestone emile laid his flower down upon .
the flower was laid upon the grave of the printshop owner , not his mother .
emilio recognized gretas handiwork and laid the flower he had brought himself down upon the bouquet .
but i could not even do that i was immobile on the plains of asphodel , without even the flowers for company .
in the midst of poverty and want , felice carried with pleasure to her brother the first little white flower that peeped out from beneath the snowy ground .
arches and trellises supported numerous weaving vines , while ornamental trees , shrubs , and flowers infringed upon the borders of the gardens intermingled walkways .
green shrubs , dwarf trees and gentle , white flowers ran the edge of the driveway and covered most of the front yard .
the ceiling was done in papery tiles with flower patterning .
i saw dust floating in the light , like flowers in level zero .
for the most part it was ranch - style houses though , with sprinklers and flower gardens and one or two tasteless lawn ornaments .
she leaned down , and instead of placing a flower by the headstone , her lips moved , and i heard her whisper , yes , that s right i ve been here all along .
i sat beside his grave on the soft grass , smelling the flowers that wafted across the breeze from the other plots .
now i was walking in a field of wild flowers , and ali walked beside me .
the only trouble with the hat was that it ruled out the flower in the hair over the ear .
she had shoulder length brown hair and was wearing a navy sweater with a skirt that had a flower print .
she stood there for a few minutes , too overwhelmed to weep , and then she made her way back to the grass and flower bed , to see if the tunnel carried on beyond it .
exhausted , she curled up on the grass and flower bed and went to sleep .
he stomped away , and marguerite led the pretty long - nosed girl back to the glade of flowers and mushrooms .
adelia gave up on lighting her pile of dying flowers .
she tried not to panic , to tell herself that all she had to do was go to sleep , that she 'd wake up in the glade of flowers and mushrooms and then she may or may not need to buy another set of underwear .
all that remained of the once lush collection of flowers was dust covered earth .
it was not more her allowed to go out accompanied by the usual company of boys with which blessed scorrazzava between the flowers of field and the endless expanses of wheat .
from the first instant in which the girl was in that sumptuous abode , its bellows returned to plentifully breathe , its heart seemed not to stammer as before , you / he / she could finally reopen him as a flower , as its nature imposed her .
his evident propensity to the dissolute life already brought him / it shortly to frequent an entourage of poets and artists you launch that , as bible , revered the flowers of the evil of baudelaire .
you / he / she had left some disposition to alone ivo , without giving him some explanation to respect and now that it almost appeared evident to everybody that the colors of the landscapes became opaque more and more , that the perfumes of the plants and the flowers and even the food you / they were changing , as if the aura of every thing of the servant was suddenly growing weak himself / herself / itself , that people started to fear to be incurred in a divine punishment .
he / she knew of flowers of field and at the same time of woman just gone out of the water and later kissed immediately by the heat of the sun , he / she knew about the coolness of a fall montana , of the soft perfume of a pup just wakened up , of joy and of love , of silence and of peace .
anemones sinuous , they caressed aritmicamente the cup of the coffee by now empty ; they seemed intente to intrecciar flowers .
and you , attractive flower , opens the petals of your heart for a new being and they it emerges to live of you of it , parasitic of your soul , simbionte without proper forms .
you / he / she would have been enough for him to cast a pebble on the taxes but him he was careful not to do him / it : the flower had to be cultured only when the to chop off had not contaminated him / it of it the vitality .
you / he / she was systematized with the basin on the legs of his / her / their brother , arched on the back , to offer him really his / her flower .
sudden hesitancy gathered him / it , while to its left he / she saw a dark alley lose himself / herself / themselves among severe walls : street dark flowers it practiced its last seduction .
the charter school prided itself on ignoring many of the social norms associated with gender , but that did nt change the fact that most boys liked to draw monsters while the girls preferred flowers and smiling faces .
you re a pretty little flower .
you re my pretty little flower .
there were two officers on his stoop , beside the flower bed where jacker had pulled out a fern that debbie despised .
she had asked him to plant flowers instead , and he d started the laborious task of tearing out the old plants a couple weeks earlier .
there was a grocery store , now blackened within as if it had suffered a fire ; a plumbers shop , with windows still intact but a sign that dangled from a single rusted loop ; a flower store , with weeds around the foundation and vines creeping up the faade ; and they saw a fire station , with a fire truck still parked in the garage as if no one was interested in salvaging any equipment at all from the town .
she pulls out all the stops : moaning , freezing the air , and bringing the cloying smell of flowers with her .
flora is a flower of a child , fun - loving and sweet as a sweet - pea .
brolins beard is practically a character unto itself , and kidder goes around committing crimes of fashion , donning little - girl clothes and hair - donts with pigtails and flowers .
if you do as i have said , the flower will grow .
letting her blood drain into the chilly water , she thought how strange it was to water a flower this way , and wondered if the bulb would grow at all .
or was the flower just a harbinger of the time ?
the flower itself would have been worth a dozen silver teapots , as flowers never grew in the shadow of the blue childs castle .
the flower itself would have been worth a dozen silver teapots , as flowers never grew in the shadow of the blue childs castle .
the flower waited .
as she looked up , she saw the inner petals pushing outward , as if something deep inside the flower were trying to get out .
she leaned towards the flower , listening so hard she barely dared to breathe .
then , very carefully , magda set her hand palm - up beside the flower .
though the flower was only coldchilled by its exposure to the winter nightthe girls tiny feet burned like chips of dry ice .
then magda remembered the scars on her arms , and all the long months she fed the flower with snow and blood .
joseph wore a kind of yellow plaid under his , dyed from the flowers around his home town of summerset .
you could have just gotten me flowers .
so beautiful what i m going to share with you tomorrow will be better than flowers .
he took out a rough carving of a pig and left it among the flowers .
so , if i concentrate on ... flowers or colorful ponies will that keep her out ?
the sole belonging other than her uncomfortable blanket was a pink and yellow flower patterned backpack that contained various treasures shed found on her little expeditions to the town a few blocks away from her ' home ' .
god , i need some sleep , he thought while trying to envision bright beautiful sweetly fragrant flowers in a garden .
she was tending to some flowers .
i did miss you , sweetest flower of my dreams !
just to feel the breeze blowing off the tops of the flowers , carrying their sweet smell to tease your senses .
driton took in a deep breath as though he could smell those flowers right now .
` ` they were anasazi and they worshiped the goddess of flowers .
the fey scent of poisonous flowers clung to the banks of the river , but the streets ran with the odor of rancid humanity , a breath of exotic spice at times winning through .
it instilled me with ' sad ' and was the reason i never gave flowers on special occasions .
they ' ve all been fragile little flowers , but there might be different brands , models . ''
in fact , he brought her a bouquet of flowers .
maple trees align the outside and many flower beds surround it .
the mother looked at her , as if thanking her for saving its kitten , then picked it up and trotted off deeper into the flower beds .
the maids had sewn a pillow for the cat 's remains to rest upon , and a sheet to cover them , while the gardeners had picked flowers for the memorial .
she leaned forward and placed the flowers on the wood chips , then straightened up .
` ` i 'll be sure to tell mayv where to scatter the flowers . ''
one only need keep them dust - free , and they re just as pretty as real flowers .
they were images of yellow teardrops like a poorly drawn tattoo of a broom flower .
the back of it was covered in the faint lines that shadowed so much of the bodies of those who took the drug , designs that look suspiciously like the flower on the broom plants .
for several minutes i waited , breathing in the sweet and intoxicating scent of the flowers on the huckleberry bush .
a white , two - storey weatherboard , with flower boxes adorning the window sills and a beautiful garden , it was charming .
i can remember on one occasion , i had just come in from the gardens for a council meeting , just finished up a good book on growing cheshian wild flowers , i believe , or maybe not , i ca nt recall .
he gestured to george 's neighbour on the opposite side and george watched as dolores staggered through her rose bushes , her martini sloshing over her housecoat as she drunkenly picked at her flowers .
it had been one of those tiny pleasures in life , emerging from a shower that left him as stung and red as a cooked lobster , a feeling of sanitized cleanliness hovering about him along with flower scented soap .
he stood on the porch of their house , his gaze taking in the neat row of flowers along the front window and the precise arrangement of garbage cans at the side of the garage .
pink flowers rustled in the breeze , kissing the soft green grass at their feet .
it had a big back yard with a swimming pool and lots of little flower gardens , which she loved .
she took her dirty bottle of oil and newly received flower to the checkout and put them on the moving belt as the robotic grey faced woman checker ran the belt towards her , already punching in some keys .
he smiled too much , and then gave me that weird flower delcie said .
i mean , other than to turn flowers dead and write on signs .
or maybe he s just limited to parlor tricks during the day dead flowers , magic writing , sleight of hand tanner said .
jen told her about marfans syndrome and delcie scowled for a while until she remembered a detail about the day at the store where he d given her the flower .
is a dead flower threatening ?
how bout another flower ?
ravensmore has gardens , both flowers and edible things such as vegetables , fruits and herbs .
colins kisses left her breathless , laying her down on a chaise , surrounded by flowers , her senses left her when he unzipped her jeans enough to reach inside , rubbing her , thrusting his fingers in , bringing her to the brink before he pulled her jeans down , sucking hungrily on her bud , sending her crashing over the edge , screaming out his name .
there were no priests or priestesses , no flowers , no visitors except him .
upon waking , the tree , meadow , grass and flowers had disappeared , leaving only two gold acorns remaining .
she s worked with meg and they ve taken care of the flowers , cake , food , and drink .
emily had sent flowers when she found out what had happened .
steam was rising from the huge tub , flowers floating on the water .
her flowers must be dying again .
i felt it in my hand like a flower closing its petals to the night .
i surveyed the indoor swimming room and the exercise room , but not a spot of pink showed to me from beneath the bars , nor was any floating in the water like a jellyfish in the caribbean , nor dripping like a watered flower in the steam room .
and it 's painted white , hardwood floors , sky blue drapes , peacock feathers everywhere for decoration - on the table , in the windows , with the flowers everywhere .
as we walked to a pond , there were lines of sweet roses on my left and lilies on my right , and i had never seen them before , such flowers .
trees beside the flowers lined the way like tall soldiers with feet planted firmly in that dirt , and i felt as i walked amongst their rows that i was not in a greenhouse , but someplace far more sacred .
the music paused , died , and silence stuffed itself into the air , and as it did so , the pitcher on the left side of the piano levitated up , drifted down , like a gem plucked from the center of a black flower about to be eaten , and then it turned , the liquid 's shape shifted , and then i heard a splash and trickle as the liquid poured gently , suddenly illuminating the very keys and face of the piano .
there was cocaine in the salt shakers and wild hibiscus flowers in the champagne .
how the greenhouse 's flowers collided like paints .
wild flowers were her favorite , especially those three kinds .
long out of season and having to be ferried in from the mainland , they d cost him a kings ransom , but then , the woman in the flower shop had remained open an extra twenty minutes waiting for him .
ah , there was her silly mailbox with the gaily painted flowers .
ill wear that sleeveless dress you like , the one with the little flowers and all the buttons down the front .
julie , you ve got on my pink and blue dress ; the one with the little flowers .
at one time , the grounds had been green with an elaborate flower garden on the east side and an equally complex vegetable garden on the west side .
it smelled faintly of hickory and dried flowers and something else david could n't quite name .
for many years now , she competed in the flower show with her less than stellar offerings but this year she is certain that she has a true contender for first place .
romantic perhaps , but a wilted flower nonetheless sown in a vineyard of tainted soil .
glazebrook ) curtains flowers ashes the first murdermouth : zombie bits head cases crime beat transparent lovers screenplays the skull ring : the screenplay creative spirit : the screenplay united kingdom creative spirit troubled solom the gorge frost and other stories edited by michelle browne smashwords edition frost and other storiescopyright 2013 , rights reserved .
there are gardens and flowers , hedges , and so many birds .
he dropped his spade and then scooped up the flowers with his hand .
two large flower pots with pink roses sprouting out graced the front entrance as she made her way inside .
i wan na get those flowers planted around the house .
susan and amy began working outside around the house planting flowers .
susan brought over a long black tray full of white flowers ready to be planted .
yeah , i m great , amy said without looking up still digging into the earth , preparing it for the flowers .
there was a large bunch of flowers waiting at the entry way for her .
etched on the goblets was a blue flower , the royal sigil , once the crest of the southern family and now apparently appropriated by fitzsimmons for the council .
but no matter how simone tried to decorate the room with flowers and prints out of moldy books , it still felt like a prison .
simone came around the corner , and rod saw her as awbrey must have seen her : tall and sleek , with shining black hair and dark eyes , looking like an exotic flower in the dirt and grime of the countryside .
i told myself over and over that we were still good people , that my sons were good men , men of necessity who in another life would be writing bad poetry , serenading pretty girls and buying flowers for their mum .
the flowers are dead and gone , the weeds rule now .
henry drives over the manicured lawn , carefully avoiding trees and flower berms , until they come to the back of the house .
she reached out for the flower , encouraged by its defiance of the junk piles and the burning sun .
she plucked the flower and held it to her nose as she looked out on the river , wondering where to go from here .
table of contents the poetry of necromancy dead men weep in the pines extras the night wanderer the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire about c.s .
all the weird beauties of a place that was dying ; baudelaire 's flowers of evil blooming secretly in the unseen corners .
-charles baudelaire , from the flowers of evil when i look back on my murder now , i can see it only as poetry .
thompson a god who makes fire : bardic mysticism of amergin between somewhere and nowhere : essays on myth , magic and religion broadsword academy by nature denied games dead people play highland broadsword : lessons , drills and practices highland martial culture : the fighting heritage of scotland highland knife fighting with the dirk and sgian i remember nothing suicide king the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire the illuminatus device the music of his sword : martial arts of the pagan celts the night wanderer and other poems a season of strange dreams ( noctiviganti , # 1 ) and then the night ( noctiviganti , # 2 ) city of constant silence ( noctiviganti , # 3 ) for now we wait ( noctiviganti , # 4 ) tree of a thousand eyes ( noctiviganti , # 5 ) river of doorways ( noctiviganti , # 6 ) last days of the night kingdom ( noctiviganti , # 7 ) connect with cs thompson blogs : http : //noctiviganti.wordpress.com/ http : //cateransociety.wordpress.com/ http : //nightwandering.wordpress.com/ http : //alienationorsolidarity.wordpress.com/ http : //shrineofbriga.wordpress.com/ e - mail : gilbride100 @ hotmail.com facebook : https : //www.facebook.com / christopher.s.thompson.543 tainted by darkness j t chapman 2012 , j t chapman smashwords edition published by kittenpress all rights reserved .
he looked across his lawn and saw his neighbor watering rows of assorted flowers she had planted underneath her bedroom windows .
your flowers are looking great .
he looked back at his sparsely populated flower bed and smiled .
your flowers would be doing much better if you and shannon had more time to devote to them .
the only items remaining were a few lit candles , a couple of red flower vases and some empty , green wine bottles sitting on termite - infested window bases .
to my left , propped against a large , concrete planter covered in peeling white paint , was a bundle of fresh flowers .
no , that s fuzzy , unfocused flowers sitting on ponds .
he whirled around , a bouquet of flowers pressed against his chest .
he held up the flowers .
what in the world was some young guy doing bringing flowers for granny ?
it was very picturesque with lots of pretty green trees and mowed lawns and flowers .
there were several shade trees along with a few flower beds .
she was entranced with the fresh spring smell of flowers on the light breeze .
a flower garden could be replanted and maybe even a vegetable garden .
she walked into the kitchen and filled a large glass with water and arranged the flowers in it .
` ` prawl said looking at his grandfather , '' just see that boy , garnishing the petunia flowers , how concerned he is at his work '' the old man said looking at the boy , '' he is kishan , an indian fellow , he works daily here , what is surprising about him ? ` ` .
we roamed here and there for the whole day seeing all the gardens , beautiful they were , the best one was the , queen victoria memorial garden , it was really a worth visit , containing three thousand different varieties of flowers ranging from , ten different types of roses , to some sunflowers , i would say that one ca n't have even a thought of his problems at this place , really it was beautiful and the best place in the whole world .
` ` i do n't care , '' i said in a very cold voice , within a duration of few minutes only the house of mr yaseen was visible , it was quite small as compared to our thoughts , we were accepting a very beautiful one , with large pillars but it was hardly having three room 's , it could be easily identified that the man sitting in side and addressing our friend was a nature lover , he had a very good collection of flowers and some different trees which were completely unique but beautiful , the voice was not coming outside , we made ourselves rest on the window which was at the back side of mr yaseen , goku was sitting in front of him and was holding a tea cup , the house was seeming to be completely quiet .
` ` that villa is having a ghost of mr louis mountbatten , the owner of the villa , who was killed very mysteriously , but his ghost still reside there , my wife has herself seen it behind the house when she got in the garden to get some flowers , though no one ever take care of the garden there , but still it is quite well maintained , the flowers do not get dry , and the grasses do not grow . ''
` ` that villa is having a ghost of mr louis mountbatten , the owner of the villa , who was killed very mysteriously , but his ghost still reside there , my wife has herself seen it behind the house when she got in the garden to get some flowers , though no one ever take care of the garden there , but still it is quite well maintained , the flowers do not get dry , and the grasses do not grow . ''
the unusual devotion she held for her baby sister reignited and swelled in her chest like a blossoming flower .
one bloody hand finished the unlacing of her bodice , touchingly edged with flowers , as though she was a respectable woman .
he studied her as she danced around the garden , she was as delightful as the flowers he nurtured so carefully all year round .
she kicked petulantly at the small flowers and shrubs as she passed them .
when he returned to the subterranean office , pale and weak , there was always a bouquet of flowers on his desk , for which he thanked her .
there was the bandage on his left arm , white flowers on a formica table , his assistant seated by the side of the bed .
the director asked the nurse to put the flowers somewhere else , not so close to the bed .
he tried concentrating on his assistants white flowers in the corner .
he tried the trick of staring at her latest flowers .
in a blue vase in front of her photograph was a bunch of perfect flowers .
his new glasses firmly straddled his nose and he saw the world clearly , the sane reality of green trees and yellow butterflies flitting over the hospital flower beds , and in the blue sky a pinkish piled - up cumulous cloud .
there were no other flowers there for his return .
she had a very short red skirt , a low - cut yellow blouse and was holding a big bouquet of white flowers .
smiling , she bent down , her loose low - cut blouse falling away from unsupported small freckled breasts , and showed the motionless figure the white flowers .
he became aware of the odor of his body beneath her flowers .
instead , he said , to brighten the place up , and the gesture of offering the flowers became a demand for her to find a vase , fill it with water , place the flowers in the vase and the vase on a suitable surface , which she did in silence .
instead , he said , to brighten the place up , and the gesture of offering the flowers became a demand for her to find a vase , fill it with water , place the flowers in the vase and the vase on a suitable surface , which she did in silence .
a few minutes later ( as though disposing of flowers were a non - contractual imposition ) she said that she was nt getting enough money for the work she did and demanded a ten percent raise .
he imagined the tombs of his parents , neglected for two months now , plastered with wet dead leaves , his last gift of potted flowers now black skeletons .
but it was nt true and one could believe that if her words penetrated his mind ( which was nt at all certain ) he was rejecting what she said about the superiority of the park outside , with its funereal bedding flowers and cripples , to the golden perfection on the table .
he was careful to conceal his activities from his assistant although sometimes this was nt necessary since , during lulls , shed often be plunged in her pink - and - blue diary with the flowers and brass clasp .
talk to him , yes , show him flowers and mountains as does miss ruda , perhaps , if this makes you happy .
they were plastered everywhere else in rigorous order on the walls and the ceiling : laughing children , tender - eyed dogs , pine - rimmed lakes , starry skies , piled - up clouds , fondled cats , snow - capped mountains , smiling helena on her swing , russet forests , blue skies , flower - spangled meadows , vineyards , surf on the beach where helena strolled , sailing - boats with pregnant sails , geometric gardens , patchworks of tilled fields , hand - in - hand couples in the forest , sea gulls , roses , wheat fields , birds on flowered boughs , herds of zebras , old bridges , celebrated towers , weddings , blue bays .
she came with flowers for me in the hospital , she said .
it would have been like buying the flowers .
then he said he d dig a flower garden for her .
howard taylor had sent flowers like he said he would , but no other decorations adorned the cheap casket .
someone at the flower shop must have messed up the order .
section v - share final words i lit a cigarette and walked into the alley between hardesty 's funeral home and a small flower shop named maria 's memories .
the flower petals , once so vibrant , littered the ground , brown and decaying .
who sent the fucking flowers ? ''
once the glass was cleared away , i swung my legs over the edge and dropped to the flower bed below .
he gently touches the seed pouch of his favorite flower , and the realization that the time has come hits him with unimaginable force .
lynette and lisa were sitting on a big flat boulder that was next to a large bed of flowers .
roses were red again , flowers bloomed .
he tickled her chin with the red flower that matched her lips .
for about a half hour she walked and plucked flowers , which withered and died the instant they touched her hand .
case took in the sateen drapes and the margarine colored walls accented with shadow boxes containing china figurines and plastic flowers .
wood lattice was nailed to the sides of the arches and plastic flowers had been woven through the grids .
there was no upward mobility for that generation , just the small pleasures of a pint or a few spring flowers now and then .
i have looked upon all that the universe has to hold of horror , and even the skies of spring and the flowers of summer must ever afterward be poison to me .
out of one window i can see the garden , those mysterious deep - shaded arbors , the riotous old - fashioned flowers , and bushes and gnarly trees .
but the butterfly , you will say , a flying flower !
after the meal , the boy , who was about seven years old at the time , left his father at work , and , as he said , went to look for flowers in the wood , and the man , who could hear him shouting with delight at his discoveries , felt no uneasiness .
tracing his path by the sound , he met the little boy , who was running headlong , and was evidently terribly frightened , and on questioning him the man elicited that after picking a posy of flowers he felt tired , and lay down on the grass and fell asleep .
before him stretched the long dim vista of the green causeway in the forest , as his friend had described it ; he saw the swaying leaves and the quivering shadows on the grass , he saw the sunlight and the flowers , and far away , far in the long distance , the two figure moved toward him .
it was the house with the gay curtains , the home of flowers , the house out of which crashaw came the night he hanged himself in his garden .
villiers , who was with me at the last , knows nothing of that awful secret of the wood , of how what we both saw die , lay upon the smooth , sweet turf amidst the summer flowers , half in sun and half in shadow , and holding the girl rachel 's hand , called and summoned those companions , and shaped in solid form , upon the earth we tread upon , the horror which we can but hint at , which we can only name under a figure .
across the street , a woman , dirty and disheveled , was selling flowers from a cart .
he could smell like roses and flowers !
the family portrait had been replaced by one showcasing an urn of blackened and dead flowers .
how about flowers ?
the only thing i ' ve found worse than pulling flowers is pulling pork bellies on slip sheets .
gods little flower .
its not right that someone would damage such beautiful flowers .
tearing flower petals ?
my mind drifted from jans essay , to her irrational insistence that fred was tearing the flowers to shreds , to joes lack of recognition that accusing fred of such a thing made no sense .
you should send her a thank you , maybe some nice flowers .
think of the flowers you love so much and will soon bloom when the snow is gone .
suppose i had opened my eyes and instead of seeing the furnishings in your house i smelled the closeness of rotting flowers on my chest , the blackness that no living creature can ever imagine and ... and i cried out , shouted as loud as i could , but no one heard me , the sound doing nothing more than hurting my own ears .
her perfume was very strong and smelled of flowers and laundry detergent .
he lit another flower scented candle that his late wife barbara always had scattered around the trailer .
it was late afternoon and the sun had already set when he spotted barbara kneeling by one of her flower beds doing some gardening .
mom said he was just some drunk guy after he staggered around and finally fell over some of the flowers and landed in the fish pond .
the metal rod stood upright still slightly shuddering a foot away in a patch of pretty yellow wild flowers .
the magic wand had a little button that would shoot out a multicolored bouquet of flowers when pressed .
it was full size and he flashed his jacket 's goofy lights that spelled out ' magic man ' for the lady and waved his wand dramatically , producing a bouquet of flowers to show his appreciation .
flowers , vines , fronds , and trees were all turned upside - down and wavered in the pull of outer space .
actually , the park was a garden with beautiful bushes , flowers and walkways .
i loved flowers and plants .
she had a refreshing look about her like a flower on a spring day just after a warm spring rain .
it was too late to stop her fall but he did manage to prevent her from hitting a nearby flower pot .
the petals were gone , not a trace of the flowers remained , except for the scent which was so strong her eyes began to water .
perfectly painted pictures of daisies and other flowers hang spirit - level straight above the fireplace where the buddhas sit .
i even brought her flowers once and a get well soon card knowing she would nt be able to read it , not for a while at least .
i noticed there were no other cards , no other flowers and none of the little stuffed animals i always expect to see adorning hospital rooms .
my eyes took in the scene : the flowers i had brought remained on the bedside table as had the card .
even the beauty of the evening sunlight playing on the flowers could not take his mind off his woes .
i was aiming for the fat lady in the flower dress .
she had woven a plait of flowers , daisies mostly , there was nt much else to be found on the mountain side , and placed the ring atop her own head in place of a wedding dress and veil .
jane could smell the flowers and the grass again , now that the overpowering stench of the zombies had been removed .
against the right wall was a large mahogany armoire , with flowers and vines carved into the edges .
i wondered what songs they would play at my funeral , what kind of flowers they would put on the ground next to my headstone .
pear trees and flower beds were planted along the streets .
vases with fresh cut flowers stood on wooden stands and the hardwood floors were covered with persian carpets .
several of the wall spaces were occupied by framed paintings of people , flowers , and cities by artists not recognizable to nick .
on wednesday , for it could not be tuesday , the day after , he sent flowers to sarah at work .
there would be no saving this house ; the flames curled out of every window and the flowers lining the beds along the base of the house had already dried out and burned .
he tore through backyards and across flower gardens , ignoring the occasional housewife or group of children that stared wide - eyed at him ; the cop behind him would soon fill in their imagination with the appropriate answers .
it all looked like something out of a norman rockwell painting , the flowers in the window boxes , and the people sipping iced tea on the porch .
i relaxed a little then , taking the time to notice the beautiful flower gardens of the other houses on the block .
the manicured lawn was turning brown and all of the potted flowers were dry and brittle .
he took it to the bench and broke it down , the dusty - sweet smell of the flowers lingering pleasantly in his nose .
mourners please omit flowers .
without knowing how i ' m doing any of this , i wave a hand at the glass and several pieces turn into flower petals , which drop slowly , beautifully to the floor .
one last wave and the rest of the glass is transformed , a mixture of butterflies and flowers .
if you had n't been able to stop that glass tonight ... if you had n't turned it into butterflies and flowers ... '' ` ` i know , '' i sigh .
then charlie breaks the silence with , ` ` loch must have been mad as hell , looking down on his funeral - he hated flowers .
wears a small posy of flowers in one of his upper button holes - they look ridiculously out of place .
it was like watching a flower sag from lack of water ; you just knew if some good news came soon shed perk back up .
then the smell of rain and flowers faded .
` ` when i realized how stupid i 'd been toward both of you i thought about sending flowers , but did n't think there were enough roses in the world to make up for what i 'd almost done to all of us . ''
` ` i thought you 'd like this better than flowers . ''
and then we smelled flowers , flowers that were n't in the room .
and then we smelled flowers , flowers that were n't in the room .
then the scent of evil flowers was stronger , like we were bathing in jasmine perfume , but underneath was heat , dry grass , and then lion .
i smelled flowers , jasmine .
` ` you ' ve given most of the men flowers , jewelry .
haven 's chest blossomed crimson like an evil flower .
it was like watching one of those films where flowers bloom , except this was his skin , his flesh , his very bones filling back out , blooming into the strong , muscled , handsome man i 'd known .
i pulled in behind him and had no more than gotten out when a young woman waddled down towards us from her house , skirting a pretty good collection of plastic - fantastic that was planted on her lawn ( two pink flamingos , four or five little stone ducks in a line behind a big stone mother duck , and a really good plastic wishing well with plastic flowers planted in the plastic bucket ) .
she began to produce poems about flowers and stories about sweet old men in the october of their years .
the preacher 's words drifted up to us on a hot late - august breeze : man is like the grass which grows and then is cut down , man is like a flower which blooms in the spring and fades in the summer , man is in love , and loves what passes .
he was able to brush it aside and reveal a small square of lawn outlined with flowers .
on the other side , in front of a flower shop , an ancient three - wheeled d - car was parked .
i picked some flowers for the vases in the church vestry one day last november .
i never saw such flowers before ... and they were dead before i could get back to town .
the blizzard riffles the curtains and twists them around its head - al can see flowers of blood begin to bloom on the white cloth - as , on the tv , the big lighted ball begins to descend its pole .
had n't even toppled the vase of desert flowers standing on the table in back .
he looked up to see if it was still there wanting to sample it again like a bee sampling the sweet heart of a flower , and his heart staggered in his chest .
cynthia let go of the woman 's face , and be damned if she did n't immediately turn back to steve , every bit as brainless as a flower turning on its stalk to follow the sun , and resume her speed - rap .
i had been nearly drowsing , my mind a million miles away from both school and dolan , when i suddenly sat bolt - upright , knocking a vase on the side of my desk ( it contained some pretty desert flowers my students had brought me as an end - of - school present ) to the floor , where it shattered .
and he did n't know why the smell of cologne should make him think of coffins and graves and funeral flowers , but it did .
it 's like watching a videotape as it rewinds - the milk flows up from the glass to the carton , the flower which should be blooming through the miracle of time - lapse photography closes up , instead .
i worked quickly , first sketching - really nothing more than a series of arcs , that 's sophora - and then coloring : brown overlaying black , then a bright dab of yellow , the remains of one flower .
i also asked her if she 'd bring some fresh flowers the day after christmas .
a row of windows gave on a side courtyard filled with flowers - my daughters could have named half of them , pam all of them , but i could only name the asters , dayflowers , elderberry , and foxglove .
just do n't be surprised when weird flowers sprout from common soil .
those who 'd been up front looking at ms . shachat 's flowers had been drawn by simple curiosity .
that was a very early one , done with venus colored pencils , but i liked the flower growing up beside the wooden post it was a brilliant yellow and black oxeye and even the sketch looked good in reproduction , as if the man who 'd done it knew his business .
and a rotting garland of flowers hung around the neck of the rocking horse .
it was of flowers done in colored pencils . ''
mailbox with flowers , i believe it 's called . ''
i felt her beast pulling toward jacob like a flower moving sunward , but i had power in jacob now from earlier , and her beast would flow through him , to me .
there 's a place where you can go and visit , where you can lay down flowers .
he had also taken the windowbox of flowers which had been outside matt babicki 's office window and stuck them in the buick 's trunk .
there was the shuffle of feet and someone clearing his throat and mister dillon howling in the barracks and orvie garrett telling him to calm down and the sound of matt babicki 's static - drowned radio from dispatch , where the window ( now denuded of its flower box , thanks to curt ) had been left open .
sometimes we talked about the day of the tanker - truck , laughed about how herb and that other guy had tried to make up with shirley by picking her a bouquet of flowers out back ( just before the shit hit the fan , that was ) , but not about the guy in the cowboy boots .
he looked at the deflated flowers lying in the buick 's trunk ( and the one hanging over the lip , the one brian cole had seen ) and could n't suppress a little shiver .
' like cobwebs spun into flowers , ' curt said .
he pointed the tip of a gloved finger at a dry brown patch just below one of the corpse - lily flowers .
it was another brown patch , spreading as they looked at it , gobbling an ever - widening hole in the flower 's fragile white skin .
that was the day herb avery and justin islington brought me the bouquet of field - flowers .
' okay , ' i said , and took the flowers .
and giving me flowers on top of that .
especially the flowers they picked out back .
arrange the flowers , then forget the water : it 's a guy thing .
shirley just about to get her flowers from islington and avery .
she remembered stumbling over a root and falling to the bottom of a wet lit - tle declivity where the most beautiful flowers she had ever seen grew - waxy - white and aromatic , graceful as bells .
there was a scent of flowers in the air ; roses , she decided .
` ` sorry , but it 's almost like one of those fast - forward films of flowers , you know , where you watch them bloom .
the perfections are sharpened the flower spreads its colored petals wide in the sun but the tongue of the bee misses them they sink back into the loam crying out cyou may call it a cry that creeps over them , a shiver as they wilt and disappear ... '' cwilliam carlos williams , paterson ` ` born down in a dead man 's town '' cbruce springsteen chapter 1 after the flood ( 1957 ) 1 the terror , which would not end for another twenty - eight years - if it ever did end - began , so far as i know or can tell , with a boat made from a sheet of newspaper floating down a gutter swollen with rain .
it was here that adrian mellon won the hat which would get him killed , the paper top - hat with the flower and the band which said i ?
he was suddenly enveloped in the gagging scent of flowers .
he would sometimes walk through the adult stacks , looking at the thousands of volumes and imagining a world of lives inside each one , the way he sometimes walked along his street in the burning smoke - hazed twilight of a late - october afternoon , the sun only a bitter orange line on the horizon , imagining the lives going on behind all the windows - people laughing or arguing or arranging flowers or feeding kids or pets or their own faces while they watched the boobtube .
a woman digging weeds in her flower - garden shaded her eyes to watch him pass .
as she held the flower under their chins , each was conscious of her light touch on their shoulders and the clean scent of her hair .
the flower of white womanhood they were so worried about was mostly a bunch of barbags , and as far as getting in the way of the men ... !
the house on west broadway which belonged to phil and tony tracker , a pair of life - long bachelors , was probably the loveliest of the large houses on that street , a spotlessly white mid - victorian with green lawns and great beds of flowers that rioted ( in a neatly landscaped way , of course ) all the spring and summer long .
i 'll bring flowers . ''
bunches of plastic flowers sat in dirty vases on a chipped , gouged , dusty dining - room table .
` ` cragin 's flowers , ma'am , '' a high voice said , and how stupid she had been not to realize it had been tom doing a bad falsetto , how stupid she had been to believe that tom had given up so easily , how stupid she had been to take the chain off before opening the door .
he looked at his mother , seeing her clear in his pain : each flower on her lane bryant dress , the sweat - stains under her arms where the pads she wore had soaked through , the scuff - marks on her shoes .
started to talk about how it would be a year lulubelle had been gone in just another week or so , their fourth anniversary , which is flowers if you 're old - fashioned and electrical appliances if you 're newfangled .
there was a queer interval of silence , and paul was frightened by what he saw on her face , because what he saw was nothing ; the black nothing of a crevasse folded into an alpine meadow , a blackness where no flowers grew and into which the drop might be long .
on it was a spray of dried flowers in an ugly green vase , and the whole thing looked topheavy , ready to tip over if he so much as brushed it .
when the playwright got his hero into an impossible jam , this chair decked with flowers came down from overhead .
there had been a freshly picked bunch of flowers near one outstretched hand .
four days following the interment , an elderly woman named mrs . soames - mrs . rainage knew her slightly - had observed something white lying on the ground of the congregational church 's cemetery as she entered it to put flowers on the grave of her husband , who had died the previous winter .
it was much too big to be a flower petal , and she thought it might be a dead bird of some sort .
long enough , at any rate , to have awakened not to find herself on her back lawn where she had been picking flowers , but buried alive in her own coffin .
the spray of dried flowers on the coffee - table had overturned ; beneath the table , barely visible , lay a dish of crusted custard pudding and a large book .
her phone was dead and he somehow doubted if annie would send him a telegram or flowers by wire .
the border of flowers around the long neck of the vase was the exact color of her wallpaper .
he used his last three rocks to break the basement windows which showed among wilma 's fall flowers , then ripped up a few handfuls of the blooms for good measure .
` ` my flowers are in the street ! ''
not the flowers - we both know they are not the important thing .
he was holding a small cardboard envelope with a sticker on it that said : the folding flower trick blackstone magic co. 19 greer st . paterson , nj .
with the famous folding flowers taken care of , alan went back to watching for brian rusk .
he clasped his left hand over his right , and when he spread them apart , a large tissue - paper bouquet of unlikely flowers bloomed where there had been nothing but thin air a moment before .
it was time to buy a new copy of the folding flower trick ; they only lasted so long .
` ` maybe a few flowers would liven it up , '' alan said , and passed his right hand in front of his left forearm , deftly plucking the folding bouquet from its palming well beneath his watchband .
he moved to put the spray of tissue - paper flowers in the water pitcher .
it was a wonderful variation on a trick he 'd wowed schoolkids with for years , but he doubted that it could be done with a new version of the folding flower trick .
` ` if you do n't want flowers , how about a quarter for the coke machine ? ''
he looked more closely at the can , turning it this way and that , really looking at it for the first time , seeing it not as a sappy memento of his lost son but as an object which was as much a tool of misdirection as his hollow magic wand , his silk top - hat with the false bottom , or the folding flower trick which still nestled beneath his watchband .
part of him was announcing that this would never work , even another miracle of transmutation could n't save him this time , because the folding flower trick was used up , it washis thumb slipped into the loop .
he cried , and what suddenly bloomed in his hand was not a bouquet of ' flowers but a blazing bouquet of light that lit upper main street with a fabulous , shifting radiance .
alan was doomed to see and to remember all his life what he saw , as he would remember the night 's brighter marvels : the paper snake that became momentarily real , the paper flowers that had turned into a bouquet of light and a reservoir of power .
the smell of roses is its breath as it swoops toward me , dead flowers in a charnel house .
the sickness curdled , and the flowers of rage began to bloom again .
we were going to leave yesterday , but i wanted to make sure i had someone to water my flowers before we left . ''
because of the goddamn flowers . ''
every blade of grass was carefully trimmed at the borders of the square of flowers , and fresh soil had been added not long before .
chapter twenty - two miranda it was sitting on the table like it belonged there , like a flower vase , or a pen - or a toy .
she took care of the ted , and returned to the porch like she 'd just picked a flower or something .
ashley had made the cross herself , tying it together at the intersection of wood with twine , working wild flowers into the binding .
first came carl foreman 's hearse , its rear windows filled with flowers , then tony glick 's 1965 mercury , its deteriorating muffler bellowing and farting .
let the wenches dawdle in such dress as they are used to wear , and let the boys bring flowers in last month 's newspapers .
parkins asked , and tapped the ash of his cigarette into an empty flower vase .
is that little flower shop in cumberland still open , jimmy ? '
callahan caught the last of it and asked for a repetition as they drove toward the northern belle flower shop .
he pulled into a small parking lot beside an l - shaped flower shop with an attached greenhouse .
he had to take the flowers out in three armloads .
her eyes drifted dreamily to the fire as his lips and teeth worked against her neck , and the smoke was very black , as black as night , obscuring that hot gun - metal sky , turning day to night ; yet the fire moved inside it in those pulsing scarlet threads and blossoms - rioting flowers in a midnight jungle .
did i owe him , like , flowers ?
pretty flowers could wait for the rain , and us catching vittorio .
most of the other houses had grass and flowers , as if they were trying to pretend they did n't live in the desert .
the day 's heat was browning the grass and flowers nicely .
there was still the scent of flowers , but the rain had gone .
the flower in his lapel was balanced off by a small lapel pin on the other side .
but they always seem to show up with flowers when their wives are feelin blue with the monthlies , they do good on school tests they do n't even study for , they got a good idea how people are feelin as soon as they walk into a room .
it was a modest , vine - covered building , and the wide concrete walk up to the door was lined with the corpses of last summer 's flowers .
his relationship with his father had been like the unfurling of some flower of beautiful potential , which , when wholly opened , turned out to be blighted inside .
there were socket wrenches , a case filled with drills and drillbits , bags of lawn fertilizer and vigoro for the flower beds , but no snowmobile battery .
stencils on the wallpaper , large green leaves and pink flowers almost the same shade as the roses in the carpet .
she knocked the side of her head against the coffee table and one hand sent a vase of flowers pitching onto the rug .
and when she came in here and told you she was in trouble , asked for your help , i bet the first thing that crossed your mind was to wonder what the ladies in the flower and garden club would say , or if it meant you 'd have to stay away from amy lauder 's weddin .
the highest - rated morning program in springfield , missouri , was klft 's morning phone - in show , ` ` speak your piece , '' with ray flowers .
ray flowers himself felt fine .
` ` hi , y' all , '' he said , ` ` this is ray flowers on ' speak your piece , ' and this morning i guess there 's only one thing to call about , is n't there ?
there was an army unit in carthage , fifty miles from springfield , and a twenty - man patrol was dispatched to take care of ray flowers .
in the hour it took them to get to springfield , ray flowers took calls from : a doctor who said people were dying like flies and who thought the government was lying through its teeth about a vaccine ; a hospital nurse who confirmed that bodies were being removed from kansas city hospitals by the truckload ; a delirious woman who claimed it was flying saucers from outer space ; a farmer who said that an army squad with two payloaders had just finished digging a hell of a long ditch in a field near route 71 south of kansas city ; half a dozen others with their own stories to tell .
` ` i think they 're going to shoot me , '' ray flowers said , and the next moment the glass of his broadcast booth blew inward and he fell over his control panel .
the phone , which ray flowers had put in the amplifier cradle just before he died , gave out a series of squawks .
he wandered to the left , crushing some of carla 's flowers under the offside wheels , and nearly thumped into the culvert ditch as he turned out onto the road .
the one that will send him off to what this angel in the light yellow briefs calls huxleyland , the place where the moving finger writes and does n't move on , the place where flowers grow on dead oak trees , and boy , what an erection is tenting out your skivvies !
she had gotten a rosebush down at nathan 's house of flowers and had carefully planted it at the foot of peter 's grave .
he was building a low and curving brick wall around a flower bed .
and then there was a transformation so sudden and complete that larry was never quite able to believe afterward that he had seen that tense , unsmiling harold , the face of a man more apt to use a trowel to wall someone up in a basement niche than to construct a garden wall around a flower bed .
he was putting a brick wall around this flower garden and he whirled around ... did n't hear us coming until i spoke up , i guess ... and for a minute there i ' m saying to myself , ' holy god , this dude is gon na kill me . ' ''
the climbing ivy on the porch trellis was mostly dead , as were all the lawns and most of the flowers in boulder - without daily watering from the city mains , the arid climate had triumphed .
and sitting in the corner chair , some dead woman 's little boy , clad only in his underpants , sitting , still sitting , sitting as he had sat before - nadine fled , stumbling , almost falling over the low wire wickets which protected the flower bed to the left of the window where she had looked in .
the blast had thrown him across the driveway and into a flower bed , but he had not sustained a single scratch .
he found himself thinking of a story by daniel keyes - ` ` flowers for algernon , '' it had been called .
me and tony donahue , we went up together with some flowers from the greenhouse .
the greenhouse is tony 's project , he 's got all kinds of stuff growing there , not just flowers .
his mother had appropriated flowers from somewhere , arranged them in vases , and set her little array of framed photographs beside them .
the flowers met him , the photographs smiled ; there was no answer .
dondorf wanted flowers in his dressing room , he wanted his own hairdresser and dialogue coach , he wanted more money , more respect , more love , more everything .
we ' ve got two squads of os , one that works the streets , selling hymn sheets and flowers and reverend gardener 's pamphlets , and the other one on duty at the airport .
liz caught the pitcher of flowers she had set out as a centerpiece just before it could slide over the edge and shatter on the floor .
on the grave itself , several bouquets of flowers had been arranged , but the gravestone itself was still perfectly readable .
a vase of flowers stood on the little deal table at the end of the hall , where you could either go straight ahead into the living room with its high cathedral ceiling and window - wall facing the lake , or turn right into the kitchen .
you had to get rid of the old flowers and faded flags after the holidays - memorial day left the biggest pile of crap to clear up , but july fourth , mother 's day , and father 's day were also busy .
when you saw that willowy assistant carrying it around , you knew it was makebelieve , but when they had it set up , with those fake flowers in front of it and all , you 'd have sworn it was real , and that there was really somebody - his arms were crawling with hard little knots of flesh .
forty yards farther along , he found his eye could mark the fellow 's progress in another way : a large basket of flowers had been kicked over .
although digger was not much better at imagining things than he was at fooling himself ( the two things , after all , have a way of going hand in hand ) , digger saw this man for a moment , literally saw him : a big fellow with big feet , striding through this silent suburb of the dead in the darkness , moving confidently and steadily on his big feet , booting the basket of flowers out of his way without even breaking stride when he came to it .
the living room was small and functional , saved from a barracks flavor only by the splashy curtains - flowers in a psychedelic pattern and color - and a series of posters along one wall : dylan at forest hills , baez at carnegie hall , jefferson airplane at berkeley , the byrds in cleveland .
for a moment all three of them were silent , as if considering the world and its not - so - amusing ways : herb , his bulk squashed into the phone nook bench with his knees crushed up against the underside of the desk and a bouquet of plastic flowers in his face : vera with her knees planted on the hallway furnace grille ; the unseen sergeant meggs was in a strange auditory way witnessing this black comedy .
she watered the old man 's flowers .
it 's not a look that has much to do with love , not the kind that includes hearts and flowers anyway , but it has everything to do with being together , being real .
` ` i 'd love it to always be hearts and flowers , but the one woman i love more than any other does n't want me , so what am i supposed to do while you sleep with six or seven other guys ?
nathaniel said , ` ` flowers . ''
the auto gained suicidal speed and charged down the crowded , roiling street , bumping over bundles and bales , crushing the wicker cages of the animal vendor , smashing a flower cart to splinters .
he leaned toward me with his nose stuck out , like someone who means to smell a flower .
billy and i had taken the scout in for a fill - up the day after a surprise mid - may storm dropped nearly a foot of wet , heavy snow on the region , covering the new grass and flowers .
myron the flower had drying blood on his lips , chin , and cheek .
all three of them verified the story , although jim and myron the flower were well on their way to getting drunk .
no tv sinking into the lawn on paper ashtrays here , only aunt trudy 's amiable masses of flowers .
or even that might not be enough ... so mourners please omit flowers .
upon each she put a planter , and in each planter was a different sort of plant or bunch of flowers .
one he put on hilly 's night table , anchored against the breeze that pawed with occasional playfulness through the open window with a little pot of flowers .
the flowers at the head of the grave ruffled gently in a fresh summer breeze .
i can see the fresh flowers from where i ' m sitting , that carla , anna , jared and i brought out here yesterday .
okay , um , now you got ta get some flowers .
you got them flowers ?
now go ahead and put those flowers on there .
he puts the flowers down and looks to her .
the floor of the entry is marble in black - and - white diamonds and along the walls are grandfather clocks and half - circle tables with model ships and mahogany sideboards with sprays of flowers or ancient yellow dolls under glass bells .
she brings it on a tray that she has decorated with plaid napkins and a flower in a bud vase , as though she were serving breakfast in bed to guests .
the old woman continues to pick the cactus flowers , gathering them in an apron wrapped around her waist .
the old woman does something with the cactus flowers and puts some of them in the pot , which is already steaming with other ingredients , and she stirs it with a wooden spoon .
garbage collects in small flotillas - stained rags of clothes , plastic wrappers , and cardboard containers , sheets of old , withered skin , the follicles of hair still intact , fragments of paper , business documents by the thousands that have settled onto the streets like autumn leaves falling from the demolished offices in the skyscrapers above , thick gray fecal matter , gluey and bubbling , even a clump of fake yellow flowers , floating in the midst of it all like a nightmare bridal bouquet .
she can see maury 's face , in the dark , peeking at her from around the corner of the dining room where he still sits , quietly holding the crystal ball with the flower in the middle of it .
in what used to be a flower garden around the back of the house , he finds a red brick and sits on the front step and uses his pocketknife to carve her name into it : sarah mary williams and then he digs a little hole at the head of the grave and embeds it halfway into the earth so that the angels will be able to find her when they come looking .
her name was lily like the flower .
strung between the bars of the gate and along the filigreed wrought iron at the top , there are garlands of flowers gone dead and dry long ago .
otherwise his body is intact - as though he will simply shrivel up and blow away as a dried husk or as the petals of the dead flowers wound through the gate .
instead we got ourselves a world of princes and princesses and dukes and dukettes - and everybody 's wearin white robes and readin bibles and puttin flowers in each other 's hair .
glenburn creek igod said , you know , when they was young and both of em newly married , old ada harper and alma foresee used to go on down there to glenburn creek and pick a flower or two , you know just a doin those women things that they used to do .
she tossed the flower tops in the pots , and piled the stripped branches on the grass .
just when stephanie was getting really tired of waiting for granny to disappear , and granny was getting closer to the pots with the beans and flowers in them , a dinger went off in the kitchen and hilda left the yard .
which do you think would compliment my pink dress better : the flower petals or the whole rose ?
here are your flowers .
it has completely ruined the flower beds .
some paint pictures , make pots , grow flowers .
when the casket was put in place it stood against a solid wall of blossoms and greenery , with other flowers lining the front porch because there was nt enough room for them inside .
the ceremony itself was no great shakes , being a pot - pourri of mumbled prayer , flowers , ethnic music and trance like dancing , and of course there was no corpse present , but it had worked ..
not in the fireplace as daphne had arranged a vase of flowers there , but near enough for the gesture to be understood .
she smiled , like a flower .
its mostly vegetables for the dining hall , but there re some flowers there also .
her closeness let me breathe in that flower smell she always has .
she pointed to the flower pot sized crock that held the imitation sugar packets .
the summer languished and palled , the sea grew colder and the flowers in the garden ceased to bloom , but nurtured their seeds ; birds were seen in the sky , soaring a great way off , bidding goodbye to the shore for weeks and months together , pursuing their ritual paths ; the leaves withered and dropped into mulch , concealing the squirrels careful stashes and feathering over the beds of sleeping hedgehogs , dormant beneath their spines ; the evenings drew in dark and secretively over cosy homes and drawn curtains , while wanderers donned hats , scarves and mittens .
she was wearing a knee - length dress in a flower pattern , tied at the waist by a sort of apron .
beneath she wore a low cut blouse with flowers , displaying nicely the tops of the milky breasts he had first noticed in their renaissance incarnation .
the artful flower beds and distinctive bright red and cream brickwork seemed to protect the perimeter like a charmed circle .
one leaned out of the window and shot a rifle twice into the air , then they did an exaggerated u - turn , ramping over both sidewalks , one knocking into a kiosk marked joe fridays , flowers and only on fridays , and headed back south .
we could drop some honeycomb in his letterbox ; i know he likes honey or maybe even a nice flower on his doorstep ?
the flowers fascinated lulu because if she was back at home on the other side of the quartz , she could actually fly onto the flower and enjoy the nectar , but on this side she was too big and stood many times taller than the plant .
the flowers fascinated lulu because if she was back at home on the other side of the quartz , she could actually fly onto the flower and enjoy the nectar , but on this side she was too big and stood many times taller than the plant .
down below , as lulu had said , were the beautiful spring flowers she had talked about .
this time we wo nt stop and look at flowers along the road , will we lulu ? !
pearl spread lulus train out over the flowers behind where the pair stood .
the smell of flowers filled the air .
most of the flowers that had been tucked in behind lulus ribbon had now gone .
i love you in that top hat louie and does nt pearl look wonderful with us on the rhododendron flower , said lulu studying the photos and giving louie a bit of a nudge .
councillor shufflegrub had in his wisdom bulldozed away all the flowers and vegetables that mrs appleton had planted , and sewn grass .
away from where shufflegrub had cleared the land for his cows there were still some flowers left on the property that mrs appleton had planted .
native trees and flowers were re - planted and the property was opened up to the public as had been requested by mrs appleton when she had died .
brewed a prologue out of shit , grows flowers big sue 2007 tea - the beginning : from a young age i quickly became aware that any problem could be fixed as long as there was a cup of tea to hand .
after enthralling and appalling me with the true stories behind the faade that formed my childhood , she concluded with , as i ve always said joby , out of shit grows flowers ; my siblings and i being the shit who blossomed into beautiful flowers .
after enthralling and appalling me with the true stories behind the faade that formed my childhood , she concluded with , as i ve always said joby , out of shit grows flowers ; my siblings and i being the shit who blossomed into beautiful flowers .
she s an only child , lives on east thirteenth street above a laundromat that belches out a warm , chemical fragrance of flowers and baby powder fourteen hours a day , seven days a week .
downward the voices of duty call downward , to toil and be mixed with the main , the dry fields burn , and the mills are to turn , and a myriad flowers mortally yearn , and the lordly main from beyond the plain calls oer the hills of habersham , calls through the valleys of hall .
he jumped up , scooped up his papers , grabbed a bouquet of flowers sitting on his bed , and darted out of the room .
where there had once been a riot of vines and flowers , there were now orderly rows of scraggly young hedges and stumps of rose bushes .
you re not even wearing flowers .
not that she s saying flowers .
she looked at the flowers and briefly smelled their aroma .
then the head swelled , turning yellow like a particularly virulent zit , the gland next opening in mimicry of a flower ; slow motion , the violent release of seed a measured explosion , darts of semen jetting in every direction like pieces of shell from the mouth of a choking octopus , armoured pods of a life potential the member wilted .
the loopers , oblivious , paused to chew on shields , thinking them their favoured metal flowers .
then again , a girl of any ethnicity looks pretty hot wearing a bikini top and sarong skirt with a flower tucked behind one ear , especially if she s swinging her hips in circles and waving her arms around .
a beautifully crafted , burnished mahogany coffin was sitting at the head of the chapel , covered with a lush bouquet of white gardenias , teds favourite flower .
no , make that lotus flowers , because i believe that is the official flower of egypt .
i think its also a popular flower in asia , so i had something in common with the egyptians , not that i d ever been to asia , at that point .
then i realized i was not smelling lotus flowers after all ; lotus flowers were abduls favourite and i was just having a scent memory .
then i realized i was not smelling lotus flowers after all ; lotus flowers were abduls favourite and i was just having a scent memory .
she then informed me she was dating a man shed met at her new job in a flower shop , an immigrant from spain named antonio .
the look always reminded tony of the flower power era and the sixties in the kings road .
she placed the bunch of flowers , which it turned out were in a small vase on the front of her desk .
she then picked up the bag and the flowers and walked out without a backward glance .
some of the front gardens were beautifully maintained , full of flowers and shrubs and manicured lawns , some were just tidy , some were vegetable plots and some were jungles .
when everyone painted those little cars with flowers and grew long hairwhat are we going to do ?
he swung a left at mrs . fannys flowers and headed out highway six seventy - three .
knowing it would be a long walk to town , he snatched the brightest remaining flowers along her walkway .
sparky pulled a few loose flowers from his pocket to munch .
table of contents chapter 1 how mitch was hoodwinked into becoming sheriff chapter 2 how mitch faced down bad bart and got the name itchy chapter 3 how mitch handled big tom and the knife man chapter 4 how a flower turned the saloon into a school chapter 5 how mitch got rid of the lazy , good - for - nothing loafers chapter 6 how some bank robbers got stung for their crimes chapter 7 how some carrots stopped a range war chapter 8 how some garlic captured the cattle rustlers chapter 9 how the claim jumper was stopped by vegetable stew chapter 10 how mitch finally met his match chapter 11 how mitch arranged for the town to be safe while he was gone //// chapter 1 - how mitch was hoodwinked into becoming sheriff broken jaw junction was a quiet place .
the undertaker was so happy that he carved little flowers all over mitchs coffin , and the saloon keeper was so giddy , he actually gave free drinks to everyone the whole hour before the knife man arrived in town .
//// chapter 4 - how a flower turned the saloon into a school broken jaw junction once again was a quiet place , now that itchy mitch had restored law and order .
i wo nt try to shut you down for illegal gambling as long as you let me keep a flower in your saloon .
just a little flower , replied mitch casually .
but try as he might , he could nt think of anything harmful about a flower sitting on one of his tables in the saloon .
go ahead and keep your flower .
remember , if you ever try to take the flower out or hurt it in any way you ll have to give up your saloon .
the flower stays and is unharmed , no matter what .
fine , so the flower stays , unharmed , replied the saloon keeper with a smirk .
go ahead and keep your silly flower for all i care .
then he thanked the saloon keeper and said he d be back the next day with the flower .
we understand , said one of them in an icy voice , that you are letting that ruffian saloon keeper hold on to our school , and that all you have done is make the ridiculous request that he simply keep a flower in his saloon !
i have no doubt that keeping a flower in the saloon will improve its appearance .
the next day , true to his word , mitch brought a flower to the saloon .
the saloon keeperwho had grown quite proud of his flower , and all of the publicity it gave himproudly placed a large book under the flower so people could see it better .
the saloon keeperwho had grown quite proud of his flower , and all of the publicity it gave himproudly placed a large book under the flower so people could see it better .
( he also did this to aggravate the ladies aid , since the book he placed under the flower was an old school math book ) .
( they did nt get too close though , since some of the flowers smell had latched onto the saloon owners clothes ) .
( actually , it was the saloon keeper who smelled like a skunk , since he had been in the saloon near the flower all day ) you trickster !
that flower has got to go !
is nt it a fascinating flower ?
he could hardly speak , but with a great effort , he said , that blasted flower is going to be thrown out tonight ! !
if you take that flower out of your saloon , or harm it in any way , you ve got to let your saloon go back to being a school .
the flower has got to stay .
no one would come into his saloon as long as that stink flower was there , not even the stinkiest of the miners .
and that is how itchy mitch converted the saloon back to a school with just an innocent , little flower .
and when some of the jealous miners followed mitch one morning to see where he was finding all his gold dust , they came back in disgust to report that mitch had spent the whole time picking wild flowers , and they had nt seen any gold dust at all .
they stormed over to mitch 's office to tell him off , but when they saw him come around the corner carrying the stink flower he had used to turn the saloon back into a school , they decided to come back and tell him another day .
its just a bag of flower pollen , replied mitch casually , just like what bees gather out of flowers all the time .
you mean , there was flower pollen all over the bank money ?
the crowd that had followed him gave a loud cheer , and some of them raced on ahead so they could be the first ones to brag to everyone about what mitch had done , as if they had been the ones to think of sprinkling flower pollen over all the bank money .
and that is how itchy mitch outsmarted one of the toughest gangs in the old west , and also saved his own skin and everybody elses money with only a little bit of flower pollen .
` ` now fellas , '' said bart jergle , ` ` do n't forget , sheriff mitch outfoxed those bank robbers with flower pollen !
` ` i 'd send some flowers to decorate your grave , but they 'd just wilt in 10 minutes in the nevada sun . ''
she quickly watered some flowers sitting in pots on the edge of the porch , then ran back inside the house .
judith mae was trying her best to ignore everyone while she planted some flowers around the house .
he would spend hours there with the others while suzy mae fussed with her hair and smiled coyly at all of her admirers , and judith mae weeded her flower beds in the background .
then he coughed and said , ` ` but your flowers sure look good !
then they would walk out to farmer jones ' house and spend more hours doing the same thing with judith mae 's flower garden .
with all the attention and love they were getting , mitch 's vegetables and judith mae 's flowers could n't help but grow and prosper .
an organ was being imported all the way from sacramento and a reception was planned after the wedding at judith mae 's flower garden outside farmer jones ' house .
( it had nt been used since then , since no one had died in town since mitch arrived ) mitch seemed to be in kind of a daze , with a rather goofy , nervous smile on his face , and he kept fiddling with the flower in his buttonhole so much that the poor thing was soon a mangled mess .
then everybody followed the bride and groom out to judith mae 's flower garden at farmer jones ' place for the reception .
make sure the town stays out of trouble , do n't forget to feed the dogs , and remember that mrs . gates has free access to all my gardening tools and seeds , since she 'll be taking care of my garden and judith mae 's flowers while we 're gone . ''
he had sent flowers to the officeflowers that had n't lasted through lunch , sadly , because melissa tore them apart for use in her hair .
one , a bouquet cake , which we d decorated with fondant flowers , we were making today .
i worked slowly and methodically , and i thought i was getting the hang of it until i looked around and saw that everyone else had created magnificent , open flowers .
the fondant cracked and my flowers were looking worse and worse .
eventually seamus told us to stop , clean up the kitchen and package our fondant to take home to make flowers for homework .
but you were having trouble with the flowers .
the flowers were nt working for you .
the flowers were not a success , this was true .
but deaths office was small and cheerful , with freshly cut flowers in on his desk and a brightly woven tapestry on the wall .
number two was a wall flower , but sometimes those are the most dangerous types .
she may have turned him down at every opportunity so far , but she could never resist bagels and flowers from a very sad individual with nowhere to go but up .
he placed the flowers on the nightstand next to the woman who was burrowing a crisp hole straight through the bouquet of red forgiveness .
the patrol car in hot pursuit mounted the kerb and sent pedestrians scattering , narrowly missed a hot - dog stand and an old lady selling flowers - who did not gaze up from her crossword but did drop ash from her cigarette - coloured lights blazing , siren loud , before colliding head on with three police motorcyclists , part of the district 17 stunt ' n ' trick team .
he mused , recalling , the mist sweeping up and over him , the dark slabs of streets and buildings replaced by the bleached grass of summer lawns , the smell of cut flowers and fresh pastries , the tuneless gramophone records and the snapping of cards onto felt tables .
braked by glass , his body tumbled slower than theirs , falling short of the flower stall into which they were flung cleanly and with the extra push of the pick - up as it levered to forty - five degrees on impact with the ventura , itself having nosedived into a delivery van .
cherry lay on her back , legs tucked under her , the fractured uprights of the flower stall about her like a wedding - night four - poster .
inside was a wide silver band with a raised flower design encircling it .
my head snapped in the direction of my mothers flowers .
you give each vegetable the shape of a different flower . ''
and ` ` how do you make those vegetables into those flowers ? ''
it was easier than letting him become infatuated with his self - created image of her and having to wade through flowers and chocolates and love notes begging her to have his child .
the injured petal fluttered to the floor as the bouquet joined the single flower .
no one had given her flowers in a long time .
` ` do the flowers , wine , and food scenario , '' teri suggested .
she has fresh flowers on the coffee table , fresh flowers on the dining room tablecut , mixed , no roses .
she has fresh flowers on the coffee table , fresh flowers on the dining room tablecut , mixed , no roses .
` ` he does n't think they were loversno hand holding , no flowers , no stolen kisses in the hall , no lingering goodbyes at the door . ''
they can still smell flowers and other nice stuff .
stopping to smell the flowers is n't too heroic .
they hang around unearthly flowers ... '' alexander began to explain , but gaduria stopped him .
` ` yes , yes , unearthly flowers .
` ` all right ... '' ` ` so , yes , they hang around unearthly flowers , and stone circles , and enchanted glades possibly .
` ` why do we make you uneasy , oh enchanted flower of heavens ? ''
hey arthaxiom , if you were to call me a flower , what flower would it be ? ''
hey arthaxiom , if you were to call me a flower , what flower would it be ? ''
you are not a fair maiden , therefore i can not compare you to a flower . ''
instead , flowers grew from where the frog bit him .
he expected his whole face to stink of fish , but it smelled like pretty flowers instead .
the fish of flowers ! ''
in truth , i am the fish of your future , and the fish of flowers too .
as well as friendly lightning , friendly magic missile , friendly enchanted stream of surprising venomous flowers and whatever other spells were being cast .
she swilled her face with the delicacy of a flower amidst a spring shower .
she wore a fully structured ballroom gown cut to miniskirt length , a thousand beads around her neck and a flower in her hair .
the other flowers lay beneath the surface of the earth .
the sudden intrusion of five large , moving objects on to the hill threw the flower in to a panic .
as fragrant as the flower after which you are named . ''
they were always her favourite flower . ''
'' o flower of scotland , when will we see your likes again that fought and died for your wee bit hill and glen and stood against him , proud edward 's army , and sent him homeward tae think again . ''
one moonlit night aureole had led him off behind the big mock - ming flower vase and , breathing urgently into his ear behind the daffodils that her pond needed fishing and he should cast his rod in it and she could help him arrange his tackle , tugged at his string till it broke .
a scarlet flower seems to blossom on the front of his hoodie .
he was desperately clutching a rather pathetic and drooping bunch of flowers ( wilted daffodils , sniffed arden contemptuously ) and a very large bottle of bootleg johnny walkerer .
he held up the flowers like a schoolboy producing a hall pass .
dismayed not by the passive - aggressive move of ishmails which almost made him flounder , but by the close proximity and hence unavoidable inhalation of the big mans putrid breath ( which , he noted for his play , was like that of a diseased and dying buzzard , coursing across un - brushed , decaying crocodile teeth ) , arden regained his footing , turned and looked for somewhere in the shelf - less hovel upon which to deposit the sad , yellow flowers .
declared mitra , as he shakily poured himself three fat fingers of ishmails whisky , not understanding the situation at all , apart from knowing the flowers were yet another gift for the siren chandy , his ever - alluring daughter , and that he was the happy recipient of a high alcohol content windfall that did nt taste like drain cleaner .
it had to change eventually , he told himself , and like thousands more he tended his bollywood dream like a precious , fragile flower sprouting in a private compartment of his cluttered and completely disorganized brain .
there was no stunning showroom furniture , no matching manchester , no vases overflowing with fragrant flowers .
i mean , no flowers , no jotted - down phone numberyoud think i was a leper .
every time he caught a hint of flowers , he d been hard .
many of the old bats are just looking to better each other at this dinner party or that flower exhibition , and their vanity made for good business .
gifts and flowers piled up outside the rats tail doors .
as the wagon passed , people tossed flowers upon the hearse .
it also provided a raised platform upon its stonewall and elevated flower beds .
a couple of gardens once housed flowers and plants , but now contained only weeds and dead stalks .
she also had a wreath of flowers in her hair that she had made with items from the craft store .
she held up an orange sock with a small red flower on the ankle .
she was extremely gifted when it came to flowers .
her flower garden was a sight to behold , and was equally loved by her neighbors and all the bees in town .
as you may have guessed , although young mike bracker had inherited his fathers physique and strength , he had inherited his mothers love of flowers .
in his early years , he would spend hours helping her in her flower garden .
as you can image , continued mr . noel , mikes hatred of football and love of flowers was bound to cause some tension in the bracker home .
in spite of his mothers protests , young mike was strictly forbidden by his father on that awful christmas eve to ever look a flower in the face again , and was told in clear terms to prepare for a life of football , or else !
i wanted to bring him a bouquet of his favorite yellow roses , and give him all the flower trimming tools a gardener could hope for .
i m sure many of you have noticed that the bracker home today displays some of the finest flower beds and rose bushes in town .
only he could have known about how much i love about how much i have always liked mike paused and cast his eyes again to the floor , unable to say the word flowers .
the flowers were stolen from the vases that decorated the party .
front door - night seths holding a bouquet of flowers .
i nearly got distracted by a magnificent mural that featured a beautiful field of alien flowers that were being tended to by small creatures that looked like a cross between a hummingbird and a fairy .
i was a hunter disguised as a flower .
* * * brandon the flower i delicately held between my index finger and thumb was dying .
hastily i tossed the flower away .
i '' ` ` was that a conquer flower ? ''
intoned manny , ` ` youse can go ahead an ' order the flowers , '' holding out his large hand to shake the agreement with nick .
you could guarantee if he put the most virulent weeds in a flower pot and kept them fed and watered they 'd wither and die on him in days .
everyone was out , lining the main street on either side , cheering and throwing flowers .
i miss you like a flower that go red in wint summer and die in winter times .
much to everyone 's amazement , mine included , instead of transforming into a bouquet of paper mch flowers [ as indicated in the magic kit manual ] the wand took the form of a rather long and droopy pink phallus .
it would be best for us to avoid that question it would be best for us to be distracted , take away on the wings of birds to a new land , where we could raise flowers and build our houses out of lightness and air .
chapter 29 : the world map chapter 30 : prophets and loss chapter 31 : the vagina as a whole chapter 32 : the tenth muse chapter 33 : the world we all see chapter 34 : g - theory and the god germ part four bitten by the love bug chapter 35 : the dice man chapter 36 : body heat chapter 37 : the force that through the green fuse drives the flower chapter 38 : message in a bottle chapter 39 : what do you do with a drunken microbe ?
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ chapter thirty - seven : the force that through the green fuse drives the flower * scientists think that because life does not break any natural laws that it is , essentially , a mechanical process .
the walls were made of black velvet with paintings of abstract art and flowers that entirely contrasted to the mood of this building .
the luckiest flower on the planet !
mrs flowers had told him rather grandly that the hotel was in its own grounds and gazed out over the romantic celtic sea .
mrs flowers ushered them into a small vestibule which she described as the residents lounge .
there was very little standing room and mrs flowers was uncomfortably close .
overcompensating for his nervousness , he plonked himself down heavily on the interwoven canes , producing not only the customary creaking that accompanies such a descent , but also a more sinister crack , a report which produced a similarly splintery glance in his direction , the only acknowledgement of his presence that mrs flowers was to make throughout the entire interview .
con was relieved when mrs flowers finally let them see their room after a quick tour of the downstairs and a nod towards another diminutive cell that she referred to as the breakfast bar .
mrs flowers seemed to have forgotten the recent ill - feeling .
mrs flowers ignored his remark and addressed mrs burke : are you staying in cornwall for long , may i ask ?
it was getting late by the time that mrs flowers finally left them alone .
mary did nt want to stay in the room on her own for fear of the reappearance of mrs flowers and she volunteered to walk over to the church hall with con , although she had no intention of witnessing any of the proceedings .
to his horror , there at the back he spotted sybil treddinick and mrs flowers sitting together , the latter looking directly at him and whispering excitedly in her friends ear .
when he arrived he felt in his pocket for the key which he had been given by pam flowers .
when he went downstairs to see if he could catch her before she went , he found a smiling mrs flowers who informed him that just after eight his wife had taken the branch line from st ives to st erth to meet the penzance to paddington train which stopped there at nine fifteen to pick up holiday makers who were going home at the end of their fortnights break .
once again , the hidden presence repeated in the same didactic fashion , i must put the flowers in water .
look , heidi , what lovely flowers herr leipzig has given me .
armed with a get well card and a bunch of flowers just in case his suspicions proved to be unfounded , he went round to barrys flat where he was confronted by an uncommunicative member of the constabulary who was stationed at the front door .
i mean a real gardener , someone who can tell the difference between a wooden door and a flower .
he was kneeling down working on the handful of scraggily flowers that grew near his front gate , he often referred to them in misguided pride as his garden .
the bahamas lotion : clarity and her friends , librarian lanai thomson , lifeguard taimi kendrick , ethnographer flower parkwood , australian surfer jenna likeway , and the well - to - do malibu resident cynthia stevenson , attend a gala for beauty lotion ' elony ' in nassau , in the bahamas , at a disco named neria b , where they are arrested by international sensual brigade officer alven donway , for being accomplices of a large scale abduction raid on affluent women , being carried out through ' elony ' by an unscrupulous , good looking , wealthy business woman , named cassandra scafarel , a high ranking associate of de facto , cayman islands lofty bank owner , buddha talk .
` ` that s why i called , we figured you might be leaving , '' said flower .
clarity pushed her thumb on the back of flower , urging her to move ahead inside the dimly lit plane .
hushed flower .
clarity looked through the window at the rising sun and focused her eyes where flower was pointing .
` ` this is live , somebodys filming us , clarity , '' said flower , ` ` there s a camera in our plane '' .
clarity felt the arm of flower grip her forearm , as the image of penelope flashed off the screen .
` ` that s crazy , '' said flower , ` ` fifty thousand dollars for a bottle of lotion . ''
clarity looked at flower , who was silent , and thought about her recent stay at the acapulco jail and sighed .
` ` did you recover flowers earring ? ''
clarity hung up , got out of the bathroom , and walked up to the man , who was discussing gold carat discoveries in ancient greece with flower .
barely saying a word , they led clarity and flower through one of the lounge doors to an escalator of the airport , until they reached a 1977 white ' silver jubilee ' rolls royce limousine , showing the familiar radiator grille , made by hand and eye , and polished for hours , along with its emblem , the hood ornament that the cleaning lady had warned clarity to approach with care and understanding earlier in the afternoon .
` ` lets look at it as a vacation , '' said flower , sighing , ` ` i ve never been shot on video before . ''
flower was keeping silent , counting the flowers on her dress .
flower was keeping silent , counting the flowers on her dress .
unbeknown to knocke , the word orgasm was her preferred word in the dictionary , a word that triggered thoughts of soft touch , delicate flowers , melting sensations , elegant perfume such as nina riccis lair du temps , her favorite , and feminine realities well beyond the normal assumptions of those who knew her .
clarity ran into flower and they climbed the vip stairs together towards the parlour .
clarity saw flower take out the korean made smartphone , looking up the contacts application .
` ` let me explain , officer ... '' flower stepped closer to the other woman , to distinguish the name on her badge .
jenkins placed her hand on flowers upper back , while she lifted her dress , looking for a particular item related to avalon .
` ` my white underwear is my only belonging today , please respect it , '' said flower .
clarity got up and took the hand of flower to lift her and turn her around , before she dozed off on the bed .
clarity found a way to win some time after looking at flower step inside the hotel terrace with her empty plate .
` ` me too , with a different brush , '' said flower .
` ` well find penelope avalon for you , '' said flower , ` ` i need to know where she got her pink suit anyway . ''
` ` we need expense money , '' said flower .
` ` pleasure and elony , '' said flower , ` ` if possible with penelope .
clarity looked at flower .
only flower was undecided as to which bunny style she preferred .
` ` i m floating , '' said flower .
penelope used a stick with a hook to get flowers dress .
one group included lanai , jenna , taimi , and flower , while she was assigned a room with an ocean view , with cynthia .
and your friends jenna and flower will become hestian servants , attending to the maintenance of hexas style as hostesses . ''
behind lanai , clarity saw jenna , flower , cynthia and taimi , each with their schedule for the day , each carrying a copy of decadence , talking lively with avalon , knocke and miela .
they stepped inside the sanctuary of the temple , and found lanai looking at a copy of decadence held by flower , using a magnifying glass on a large grey stone inscription filled with greek letters .
this is definitely a boustrophedon like flower said . ''
clarity ensured that flower lowered her voice and focused on paragraph two of decadence describing the sweet nectar of the mouth , which flourished once the gate of pleasure became open .
penelope spoke to knocke while lanai and flower were lifted onto the forklift with the stone .
a message splashed across his website first alerted his many admirers , and was followed by a heartfelt pleading from his family not to send flowers .
the more desperate flowers and followers ( bandit female impersonators ) were starting to ask her for pointers now ; one of the problems was she did n't have many to give them .
ghosts knew the most unusual uses for some fairly innocent - looking flowers .
* * * ghost of a flower .
the blobby ghost wobbled erratically a bit towards a handy flower .
the ghost , a small glowing blob of light , tried to insert itself into the bell of the blooming flower .
eating the flowers that let her see the ghosts had a few silly side - effects ; if she was n't careful , she happily sit and giggle , talking to rocks and grass for the next few hours herself .
the ghost sighed as he backed out of the flower bobbed in the breeze .
it resembled the flower slightly and she sighed as it waved in a non - existent breeze .
the flower - top was a little more potent than usual if she was seeing the newly - made ghosts of flowers too .
the flower - top was a little more potent than usual if she was seeing the newly - made ghosts of flowers too .
apparently , all this flower had learned was how to look like a pretty flower .
apparently , all this flower had learned was how to look like a pretty flower .
i have no idea how to make a salt out of a flower , thou .
all henna knew was you had to pick the flower early , before the dew burned off or it wo n't work at all .
soon you will be able to hold the ghost of a flower in your mind and it will stay longer .
how many flowers would that take ?
he 'd been quick and useful in finding a few rare and delicate flower patches for her , to say something in his favor .
one of the flowers shed gotten today , when ground up and pasted together with a certain weed made for some very powerful badlands magic .
groaning a bit , henna quietly walked to her tent and ducking inside , started prepping her supper , flowers , weeds and the tent for an early evening , with one ear on the noise coming from the rest of the camp .
she sighed to herself and watched the ghosts floating about as she slowly ground up flowers in the bowl .
henna groaned as she saw all three of them watching for her the next morning as she eased her way around her sleeping brother and friend , then stepped out of the tent , still shaking off the nightmares flowers and taking to ghosts gave her .
if anyone had noticed her bringing flowers home last night the fixers would be informed and interested , or soon would be .
yesterday 's flower pickings had stayed a long time with her .
maybe it was harvesting the flowers that 'd given her an extra dose .
and a bag for collecting flowers and plants we pass on the way .
the town , after all , did not smell very good in the spring and summer heat and planting flowers under your window only worked in a few places .
that grew some wonderful flowers there for a few years , let me tell you .
even her perfumes sold well , which the flower - sellers in town hated seeing .
that blasted plant - oil the bookstore owner wants flowers for only about a night and a day .
so here i am on a mountain , looking for a north - side tree that only grows very high up the hillside , has a certain moss that only flowers a couple days a year on it ...
it 's a pity we have to come back to harvest the flowers , that 's all .
maybe we 'll get the flowers we need tomorrow .
you are n't , but i do n't have the flowers with me right now .
was n't oil , it was the flowers .
she 'd be curled up under a bush giggling somewhere now , but the flowers got put in a leaky bottle and the bottle stashed somewhere private .
keep the few flowers you got , witch .
get your own flowers from now on , witch .
you need to know if the flowers are there first .
she wo n't go after the flowers on her own ?
going out on her own when the flowers will wait for her to get to them ?
the wrong bug juice would be in the water itself , or maybe path down in the bushes , flowers and grass .
do n't eat anything , do n't start any fires , stay away from all smelly flowers , avoid breathing , bathing and do n't touch anything you do n't have to .
mixed in with a dose of ayer 's oil too , from some flowers she picked on me yesterday .
you can get all the flowers you want .
stop by that clump of flowers over there , wizard .
henna slid off his back and hurried over to the flowers she seemed intent on harvesting .
henna promised , snatching up handfuls of the pretty little flowers and stuffing them into her pockets .
henna said happily , doing things with the flowers while riding on his back .
the smoky turf fire in the small room did n't help any and the flowers she 's insisted i eat so i could hear the ghosts had left a funny taste in my mouth .
a handful of flowers after a full day 's march was no way to feed anyone , but she was n't listening to my complaints about that right now either .
the flowers henna had force - fed me so i could hear and talk to the ghosts without going thru her were interfering with the magic mindy had put on me , now in a serious way .
the flowers interfere , the ley - lines wear it down and her magic decays all on it 's own .
henna pulled one of the flowers she 'd harvested yesterday out of her pocket and looked at it carefully .
it did n't seem any different from the normal flowers , but this year 's crop was especially powerful .
the flowers usually wore off after an hour or two , not a day or two .
it 's the flowers they would ' ve had on top of the graves .
i could n't see or hear them anymore , thanks to mindy 's spell dissolving a little more during the day and the flowers wearing off .
the kids got doused with flowers , too .
maybe i should douse you with flowers again so the two of you can talk .
aaron the apprentice passed the gnawed remains of the root back to henna and tried to think as he stumbled along in the grass , slowly chewing a flower - top .
do n't sniff the flowers on it for very long or you 'll end up happily walking into the fire .
looking over the flowers she had clenched in one hand , henna sighed again .
i do n't occasionally throw flowers when trying to zap flies now .
yeah , but that flower costume is a bit creepy .
the adult channel : sensual brigade agent money fact , specialist of faulty logic , delivers teleoperator clarity nice inside a large thai champagne container to a luxurious hotel in the emirate of abu dhabi , in order to find claritys friends lanai , cynthia , taimi , jenna , and flower , previously abducted at the hexas style resort ( the bahamas lotion ) by the perpetrator of the elony beauty lotion scam , cassandra scafarel , a sophisticated lady associate of cayman islands lofty bank owner , buddha talk ( the cayman air banner ) .
clarity and flower , after gaining entry as investors to the bank with the help of clark , the owner of a diamond shop in grand cayman , find themselves owing nearly one hundred thousand dollars to the lofty bank outfit for no reason , a debt they can pay by working for the bank for fifty years , as part of the banks flagship product , the crashworthy deposit , part bank deposit paying twenty percent , part investment , part insurance policy , and part working arrangement .
scafarel had a prominent role in buddha talks life , she could guess that much , but the why and how still eluded her , just like flowers earring .
` ` you and flower got us into so much trouble in eleuthera , i ca nt believe it .
` ` its flower , she loves wearing arabian clothes , it makes her feel like a princess .
across her , lanai was blowing her hair with a hair dryer , looking straight at her , and behind her , several women , naked and clothed , including taimi , jenna , and flower , were dancing to an arabian music choreography .
` ` she knows we do nt have money , and she knows that that man , bakal is paying for our stay , '' said flower , speaking to jenna .
give me that remote , i want the chateaubriand today for lunch , '' said flower .
clarity noticed the names of taimi , jenna , flower , lanai and cynthia .
in front of her , jenna was ensuring lanais thong was in place , while taimi checked the thong of jenna , and lanai buttoned flowers jeans , covering a hugging belly chain with rings and red gem made by shanell .
cynthia was dancing , showing her back to them , in particular the bead bouncing off her sacrum , observed by flower .
still , now that were here , its less scary to do this than to think were trapped , '' said flower , ` ` its not a bad strategy .
clarity turned around and saw lanai explaining to optesia the flower sprinkler system working at the entrance of stevenson garden products in malibu , and claritys role as teleoperator there .
asked flower , ` ` i like the idea of becoming part of the global selected few who live well in posh avenues of good clothing gear and refined jewelry . ''
sitting in a chair in the back looking at the terrace , flower pointed towards clarity .
clarity glanced at flower , who was drawing , sketching something on a pad .
` ` the ficus in the terrace , '' said flower , ` ` hide it in the pot , buried . ''
taimi , jenna and lanai walked towards flower , who was drawing a picture of her earring , which maxinis boss , cassandra scafarel , still had .
` ` in sexual , '' said flower .
` ` everyones looking at us from different angles , at different times , '' said flower , ` ` were models . ''
` ` i do nt think we can get out , not with those brute force security guys guarding the hotel , '' said flower , ` ` were better off staying here and enjoying our stay , compliments of the hyatt . ''
jenna , taimi , and cynthia , agreed with flower .
` ` socal is quoted in the abu dhabi stock exchange , advisors include holy flowers project finance group , and cassandra scafarels telval studios s.p.a . company , owners of the elony franchise , location , bahrain .
lanai and flower wanted to go as well , and cynthia and taimi supported their idea , but clarity was firm with them , driving their attention towards cynthias bead and the possible connection with yet unexplored areas of pleasure .
when i ring the bell , your flower bud comes out .
the flowers on his shirt were bouncing up and down next to my face .
not canvases or wood siding , but objectsclothing , jewelry , flower pots , now i could tell she had taken to umbrellas in a spasm of creativity .
they seemed to have an affinity for jumping on the old ladys bouffant hairdo whenever she wore a flower clip in it .
lets dance through flowers , he and she ; lets prance through showers , you and me ; loves how its supposed to be ; la , la , lee lee , lee , li li , li lolove .
bright flowers , skull belt buckle , beige high - waters that revealed scuffed combat boots .
once inside , virg and i walked past a bank of flower vendors on our way to check in for our flight .
you know , beas the type of girl who runs her fingers across flowers petals as she walks by .
he would melt the flowers on our shirts he is so good looking .
i should get her some flowers .
search o'claire wisconsin flower delivery .
its jasmine 's birthday tomorrow and i want to get her something classic , old fashioned , you know something sweet ( children become very loud ) could you get her some flowers ?
maybe an e - card or flowers , but nothing like this !
nick : the blonde guy with the flowers .
and finally right now he is smashing the remains of a bouquet of flowers under his foot , which tells us that his date is not going so hot .
ever since diane heard mariel screaming about a land crab she encountered in our garage , diane has acted as if mariel was a delicate flower .
we grow and change like flowers sprouting after a desert rainstorm .
since his last visit he noticed that the coast road had been widened , flowers had been planted , and new lights had been placed overhead like enormous reading lamps .
lawns were to be estimated by the square metre , as were the flower beds .
he still sent flowers every so often , perfectly out of the blue , and she never knew when she would wake up to find a perfume or a trinket by her pillow .
he disappeared round the back of the tattered bungalow , which although in urgent need of repair was still clearly inhabited , with flower pots on the porch and clean curtains hanging at the windows .
the rest of the area will be ripped up , entirely , all of it , from the terrace steps down to the garden path , and as far as the flower beds .
` ` yes , '' selena said , caressing the flower xavier had given her .
he looks about ready to propose a bunch of flowers in one hand , still wrapped up , and a box in the other with a dirty great bow or something on it .
mel inhaled delicately behind his masters back , admiring the richness of the fragrance , a much deeper scent than the same flowers growing in his own back garden .
kayley held her breath in order to hear better as april started to speak but was drowned out by bruce coughing for all he was worth into a flower bed , gagging amid a sea of geraniums , turning from red to blue to purple .
a spot of flower arranging , a lukewarm shower , a mouthful of something resembling a croissant and he s back .
he had cheered the place up with a few fresh flowers and he would light one or two candles a bit nearer the time of his guests arrival .
it 's how we do math and how we smell flowers .
i thought i d dip into my overdraft again at lunchtime and get her some flowers from the mad gypsy woman outside wilkinsons .
i d been to the bank at lunchtime to withdraw some money for kates flowers and had been stunned to see my balance was almost one thousand pounds in credit !
i d had to give the flowers to jess because when i d walked back into the office with them she squealed , ooh , are those for me ?
there had been a few birthdays where the cards had arrived late and a few family functions which had clashed with business trips or important conferences , but he d always made up for it with a good bottle of wine for his dad derek , and some well timed flowers for his mum , jane .
she remembered and she sent the flowers she always sends , but just maybe one year your mum would like to hear from you .
for all his flowers , towel sets and lavish gifts , she only really craved more time to see him .
and however smart you and that pa of yours think you are , i strongly suggest a large bunch of flowers for my assistant .
ill make sure your assistants desk is adequately adorned with a plentiful selection of flowers of the highest calibre .
the bar was buzzing many looked as if they d been there for most of the day , raucous and rosy - cheeked , some past that stage and drooping slowly into their drinks like wilting flowers .
then past the small bent over tree , left at the flowers of blue and red , keep going through the scrub for half a scramble , the rest will be easy .
in concert , we quietly brought the mid - victorian ragout to our lips , blowing on our spoons and taking small tastes of it ; notes of gunsmoke , very old lipstick , fennel , leeks , tears on flower - scented paper , heritage turkey , and a lot of sweet onion popped on our tongues like fourth of july sparklers .
danes character is revealed to be the love child of a middle eastern royal , not a poor indiana couple , now struggling to keep warring religious factions from destroying his countrynot her town ; and she leaves her comfortable life in london , not ft . wayne , to bring peace to her fathers country , by cultivating a rare flower , not her grandmothers old recipe , that flavors her gelato in a unique way .
he began to talk about his garden and the flowers he had planted this summer .
he is quite a sight with ridiculously flyaway hair , seemingly crocheted from discarded brillo pads , and clothes that are pure san franciscan flower power .
the song is called sofia , and i write a verse , a bridge , and a chorus : is love the songbird whose sweet sound i once heard when walking one beautiful day is love the flower that grows by the hour that 's destined to wither away is this called romantic , some fool who is frantically searching for you everyday if you know the answers , sofia tell me please for i am inexperienced , i have no expertise in matters of the heart , where i am always ill at ease sofia , let me know if i must let you go .
she is such a delicate flower .
is love the songbird whose sweet sound i once heard when walking one beautiful day is love the flower that grows by the hour that 's destined to wither away is this called romantic , some fool who is frantically searching for you everyday if you know the answers maria tell me please for i am inexperienced , i have no expertise in matters of the heart where i am always ill at ease maria , let me know if i must let you go .
i have not been able to buy any flowers , but i have a second best , an eduardo sketch of a bunch of red roses ... he really should drop the naked women and stick to plant life .
the flowers seemed to sprout from her graying , close - cropped hair .
and there was this big woman with flowers in her hair , or were they in a hat would ya just get on with it , man ?
yep , the flowers were in her hat .
anna said , jools , baby , i want a few more bottles of wine in here and a few less flowers .
but they re the king of flowers .
heres a list , off the top of my head , not that all these are things i like to do , but they are very popular : eat out at restaurants , cook nice food at home , go to sports events like cricket or tennis matches , read in bed at night , do church activities together , hike in the woods , camp out , drink good french wine , take kids to playgrounds , travel around the world , grow flowers in the garden , drive around in boats , watch old movies on tv .
off the top of my head , and i m not saying all these are things i m interested in , but examples are : hiking , going out to dinner at nice restaurants and talking about the food as you eat it , church activities if you are religious , going to sports events together and rooting for a team or an athlete , gardening together and then sitting in the garden with a glass of wine and enjoying the flowers you grew , reading in bed at night , paying attention to politics and supporting political causes .
the ool broderie : teleoperator clarity nice and colorado heiress montana sterley investigate two wealthy women who are led join the all - women church headed by british expatriate cassandra scafarel in the kingdom of bahrain , the church of the holy flower .
telval studios : adult film production unit of the church of the holy flower , led by cassandra scafarel , including the film ' abu dhabi chic ' , a remake of andrew blakes ' paris chic ' shown to clarity and her friends during the unfolding of the adult channel at the park hyatt in abu dhabi .
telval produces adult films unlike any other , engaging beautiful women in sultry positions and scenes for hours , revealing an oriental connection to the films choreographies and to the symbolic decryptor , and including codes for women within the films to get inside the church of the holy flower .
this includes a keyword of the book decadence , the word rosebud , a mysterious codeword for the church of the holy flower that clarity seeks to clarify .
she enjoys adult films , her large allowance , and being naked in good hotels such as abu dhabis park hyatt , but her down - to - earth personality prevents her from attaining some of the more subtle knowledge that clarity observes inside scafarels church of the holy flower , a spiritual outfit for the affluent woman .
` ` yes , we d like to get married according to the rites of the church of the holy flower .
` ` that can be arranged , '' said scafarel , ` ` the holy flower is in front of you , and it will be in front of you when you shoot your first adult film for telval , after you re both married . ''
` ` we know the flower is expensive , do you have a copy of decadence for us where we can see an illustration of it ? ''
i bet you caused the problem with the light switch of the signs , and you re nosing on the church of the holy flower , are nt you ? ''
money facts undercover inquiries inside the church of the holy flower were correct .
rosebud was a reference to a real flower , the flower on the vase that scafarel always kept near her , a white rose which had a name .
rosebud was a reference to a real flower , the flower on the vase that scafarel always kept near her , a white rose which had a name .
' and so the rose of levity will lift the spirit of the one watching it for more than thirty seven minutes in a row , and will reveal the thirty six false views , among them greed , disbelief in cause and effect and clinging to views , which prevent us from attaining the noble eightfold path of proper conduct , speech and livelihood , proper diligence , mindfulness and concentration , proper views and proper intent , compass of the church of the holy flower , a church made for the affluent woman . '
the flower in the vase , known as the rose of levity , was unique .
it was an icon in botanical circles , one of the most expensive flowers in the world , a gold of kina balu rose , a variation on a mrs . herbert stevens rose .
` ` i want to know who these two girls are , the new members of the holy flower . ''
' in the event of marriage or wedding between us two , between jenny and i , shalia owell , as per the rite of any type of wedding rite , including any naked variations thereof , as long as our wedding rings are not from target , we hereby authorize the church of the holy flower and its sole representative , lady scafarel , the beloved , intimate , and feminine guide of our rosebuds , to replace us in our roles and positions as members of the board of owens & owell , worldwide , after completion of the musharaka joint venture agreement between lady scafarel and o & o to establish and provide lighting to highway five of the kingdom of bahrain and to complete the air fashion flyjet project , all of this in exchange for food and lodge provided by the church .
the only reason , in fact , she said , scafarel was not in jail , in general , was that she was protected by high ranking officials of the kingdom of bahrain , people with a vested interest in seeing the church of the holy flower grow .
` ` how does this work , where is the holy flower ? ''
it is imperative that the owens & owell daughters do nt get married , that they return to their studies at university of arizona , and that they abandon the church of the holy flower as members .
o & o has also ordered that the church of the holy flower be dismantled , and that any documents signed by jenny owens and shalia owell be destroyed , so that the board of owens & owell stays intact . ''
then , donway had refused the request of flower to pay for abduction damages to the middle east , but donway had accepted to pay for their food and lodge , while clarity and montana performed their mission for the sensual brigade .
clarity looked at taimi and jenna and flower , who were discussing how a harem could lobby a sultan or king or emir or sheikh to engage in the clash of civilizations and to subvert the ambitions of the kingdom towards spending more money on products for feminine hygiene .
` ` we ve called the city of wellington , to let them know we wo nt be working there anymore , we d rather become stewardesses , '' said flower .
clarity tapped on flowers intricate white dress , decorated with fake but pleasant to the eye rubies and green emeralds , slightly jealous of the beautiful flight attendant clothing gear that scafarel had provided , including a hostess cap .
` ` we like to call the lingerie piece a broderie , '' said flower , ` ` its so intricate , you can nearly see through . ''
jenna bent over in front of flower .
` ` there s no fabric where you re showing , i do see through , '' said flower , reaching for the area between the buttocks .
` ` there has to be a wedding , there s a lot of money involved in this wedding , and two women are getting married , its nice , '' said flower .
` ` there s something fishy with all this money , flower , i mean , do nt you think all of this is coming too easily to all of you ? ''
they were part of the church of the holy flower harem , known as the nightline of kuala lumpur , fifty four ladies coming from thirty four countries , all displaying shapely bodies , smelling exceptionally well , of fragrances such as de lorangerie , trsor , or la vie est belle , by lancme , noa , amor , amor , or catch me , by cacharel , or lily of the valley , night scented jasmine , and edwardian bouquet by londons floris .
` ` we had to pay for the spiritual course offered by the church of the holy flower in the bahamas , we had no more allowance money and had to get a rebate , '' said shalia owell .
donway wants to know what the church of the holy flower does , and i think the plane is where the wedding takes place . ''
clarity led montana inside the cabin , while she walked upstairs to the fashion lounge , the official church of the holy flower altar .
her friends were getting naked , as the holy flower , the rose of levity , was meant to be seen naked .
three days naked , holy flower , thought clarity .
she pressed on the second floor microphone and heard moans , distinguishing the moans of lanai and flower , from the sound of cynthia begging shalia owell to keep touching her rosebud , from the orgasmic moan of jenna , from the heavy breathing of cassandra scafarel and the o & o daughters .
the holy flower was the womans organ of pleasure , she could guess .
they were headed for manama , in bahrain , seven days ahead of a wedding created by the soft touch of a holy flower , a white rose , on the rosebuds of two women whose ovarian palace was managed by cassandra scafarel , a woman who avoided decadence by reading deeper meanings of ecstasy into it .
` ` well open only if we can take part in fourth heaven ceremonies of the holy flower , and if you show us the rose of levity , '' said clarity , ` ` naked , '' she added .
its a shame you do nt like the church of the holy flower , the lights of the broderie say to me that you could make a very good use of your body with it . ''
chapter nine clarity watched scafarel from inside the transparent glass bell , feeling like a flower about to get watered inside a vase .
` ` get naked and ill show you how to reach multiple orgasm simply by thinking about the four petals of the holy flower , in the body . ''
` ` so the holy flower is the womans body , is nt it ? ''
chapter ten the attorney hired by cassandra scafarel to represent the church of the holy flower in bahrain , retrieved another file labeled ' ool general hierarchy ' .
the church of spiritual flower studies owned the other parts of the religious outfit , an intricate web of thirty two entities , among them copyright , patent and trademark divisions owning and amending the official scriptures of the church , including the book decadence , computer - led management centers , foundations , orientation groups and video making units like the telval adult production studios , publicity agents for expensive beauty products such as elony , a lab of artificial ingredients , international lobbying advocates and think tanks , fund raisers , a real estate division , underground facilities , various business units , high finance investment units , funds and global trading areas , one network of opinion leaders , and various authorization and verification groups .
the authorization counsel of the church and the celebrity focal strata group approved the legal documents officially admitting high profile members like jenny owens and shalia owell into the church of the holy flower .
one aside first , would you like to include a clause that makes it possible to adopt a flower ? ''
he showed them a large print of two very expensive flowers , the beautiful green , white and purple shenzhen nongke orchid , fetching two hundred forty thousand dollars and the pink juliet rose , an exclusive luxury item at four and a half million dollars .
the air fashion jet , which was in danger of falling to scafarels dangerous interests of the holy flower , included high technology surveillance material , linked to an underground facility below the bellagio hotel in las vegas , that turned it , the joint venture plane , into an awacs , airborne warning and control system plane , with minimum radar gear exposed on its rooftop fuselage .
` ` i could arrange a similar outcome for you , but you d need to give me power of attorney like shalia and jenny did and become a member of the church of the holy flower .
clarity thought she was probably referring to cynthia , taimi and jenna , because flower and lanai were pretty spiritual and idealistic and gullible and credulous , as it were .
the shenzen kadupul fund , one of the financial investment units of the church of the holy flower , acted as arranger of the deal .
chapter twelve clarity and montana were led to two coaches in an office of the twenty seventh floor of the almoayyed building , holding the church of the holy flower trading and finance outfits .
we need to go to the flower showroom , '' said scafarel , ` ` the ladies of bahrain ministries which are making the joint venture possible , are coming to receive their flower gifts .
we need to go to the flower showroom , '' said scafarel , ` ` the ladies of bahrain ministries which are making the joint venture possible , are coming to receive their flower gifts .
` ` doors locked , but now were outside , '' said clarity , throwing the key in a flower pot .
clarity and montana stepped down the emergency stairs and picked up a few leaves and flowers from a giant flower pot near the entrance of the showroom , acting as high class clients .
clarity and montana stepped down the emergency stairs and picked up a few leaves and flowers from a giant flower pot near the entrance of the showroom , acting as high class clients .
they walked to the first floor flower showroom , a giant area in the ground floor of the building , filled with expensive cars , flowers and vases , and plants , where scafarel was talking and entertaining men and women , officials from the bahrain ministries of labor , justice , interior , information , agriculture , oil and gas , and transportation , and telecommunications , and a woman working at the public commission for the protection of the environment and wildlife , which included flowers .
they walked to the first floor flower showroom , a giant area in the ground floor of the building , filled with expensive cars , flowers and vases , and plants , where scafarel was talking and entertaining men and women , officials from the bahrain ministries of labor , justice , interior , information , agriculture , oil and gas , and transportation , and telecommunications , and a woman working at the public commission for the protection of the environment and wildlife , which included flowers .
they walked to the first floor flower showroom , a giant area in the ground floor of the building , filled with expensive cars , flowers and vases , and plants , where scafarel was talking and entertaining men and women , officials from the bahrain ministries of labor , justice , interior , information , agriculture , oil and gas , and transportation , and telecommunications , and a woman working at the public commission for the protection of the environment and wildlife , which included flowers .
scafarel took aside charles , asking him about a missing item which was indispensable for the wedding : the rose of levity , the item included in the power of attorney document to be signed by shalia owell and jenny owens , whose property would be transferred from the church of the holy flower to the two wealthy , young women , in exchange for a seat in the o & o board of directors for scafarel .
chapter fourteen jenny owens , an amateur collector of flowers , had paid the sum of fifty thousand dollars for the rose of levity , instead of the entry fee for a bottle of elony , and that included access to the churchs hexas style resort in the bahamas for her and her friend shalia owell .
the flower had led both women to meeting scafarel , and to getting caught up in the intricate spiritual development personal growth program offered by the church of the holy flower .
the flower had led both women to meeting scafarel , and to getting caught up in the intricate spiritual development personal growth program offered by the church of the holy flower .
finally , the reason for paying for the flower is that jenny owens simply wanted to own the expensive flower and that clause was included in the power of attorney document .
finally , the reason for paying for the flower is that jenny owens simply wanted to own the expensive flower and that clause was included in the power of attorney document .
place the water out of the flower and get the flower in the tube . ''
` ` should i bring the water without the flower to the wedding ? ''
` ` bring the flower in the tube with the water outside the tube , in a tray , '' said scafarel .
well put the flower in the tube during the wedding , water is the equivalent of the wedding ring .
in rows four and five , cynthia , taimi , flower , jenna and lanai , sat on chairs , listening to cassandra scafarel explaining the next stage in their holy flower journey .
in rows four and five , cynthia , taimi , flower , jenna and lanai , sat on chairs , listening to cassandra scafarel explaining the next stage in their holy flower journey .
` ` i , jenny owens vow loyalty and love , in gain and in loss , whether the gain is realized or the loss is unrealized according to the rules of the generally accepted accounting principles , wherever those rules apply , in debt and in credit , in ownership or in rent , in work and in leisure , fully owned or in timeshare , in presence and in absence , to my lovely wife - to - be shalia owell , partner in love , business , and personal matters , within the church of the holy flower , acknowledging the terms of its heaven , material or not . ''
` ` i now bless you as wife and wife complementary of me , the priestess of the holy flower .
the kingdom of bahrain has agreed to extradite you , you may remain silent and clothed , and away from the church of the holy flower , which is now placed under the permanent surveillance of central intelligence , sensual brigade , a u.s . jurisdiction of global intelligence . ''
using the time and distraction well , scafarel boarded the air fashion jet , which was filled with a group of tourists interested in the church of the holy flowers heaven paradigm , and she gave an order to the control tower for an urgent , unforeseen departure , to london .
she would have to explain all the workings and units and special groups of the church of the holy flower , a far reaching infomercial scam with the veneer of a personal development program , that simply took money and never gave it back , giving flowers instead to their members , a fair deal , some would say , for flowers were notably absent from everyday life , at work in particular .
she would have to explain all the workings and units and special groups of the church of the holy flower , a far reaching infomercial scam with the veneer of a personal development program , that simply took money and never gave it back , giving flowers instead to their members , a fair deal , some would say , for flowers were notably absent from everyday life , at work in particular .
she would have to explain all the workings and units and special groups of the church of the holy flower , a far reaching infomercial scam with the veneer of a personal development program , that simply took money and never gave it back , giving flowers instead to their members , a fair deal , some would say , for flowers were notably absent from everyday life , at work in particular .
` ` were free to go now , are nt we , i mean , flower and i , regarding what happened in cayman with the one million dollars in bonds ? ''
the owens & owell light broderie matter was not over , there were threads of knowledge and explanation , many of them , yet to be uncovered by following all the underlying structures of the church of the holy flower .
` ` shalia , why are you part of this church , i mean really , and why does your partner jenny pay so much attention to that flower ? ''
he bounced through several of mr . rakes flower beds , brutally crushing flowers along the way , something he normally would never do .
he bounced through several of mr . rakes flower beds , brutally crushing flowers along the way , something he normally would never do .
the detritus included a second empty wine bottle from the night before , which served as a vase for some flowers i d picked in the park an hour before the threesome knocked on my dooranything to set the mood , although paris , itself , succeeded in doing that .
ballerinas always have lots of flowers around their dressing rooms ; they get them in the mood for the shower of bouquets they get at the end of a performance .
as i stand among the flowers i see and gaze on land that 's always been free , i feel the earth all frozen below , awaiting the dawn of eternal snow .
they would have lived as simply as mennonites if they could , but the youngest , who was one year younger than shepherd , was pretty and knew it ( she had her grandmother 's more womanly figure ) , and therefore she tossed her golden locks coquettishly at an early age because boys flitted around her likes bees to a flower , and she had a head for worldly things and knew even at an early age that boys were a means to an end .
when they did catch a commando , and they had no idea what their capture rate was , it could have been 10 % or 80 % , they were all for just killing him or her on the spot and burying him or her in the flower beds , but the ayatollahs policy was to exchange them for their guys who had been caught in tel aviv .
the desert was sprouting flowers in new places where people like him now fertilized the sandy soil .
man , i hope she was just watering her flowers .
no , its fine , i was just watering my flowers .
i wonder if she knows these are after sex flowers .
she handed me the flowers and left without waiting for a tip .
the living room had a nice but worn flower print sofa and of course the ever present recliner .
when i sat down i found a small bunch of wild flowers he had picked and wrapped stylishly with a few wide blades of grass .
thank you , i said , sniffing the flowers .
matt put the flowers aside , turned and walked out .
in the movies you ll sometimes see a lady in a bathtub with flower petals floating around her while she calls her friends just to talk .
fresh flowers were carefully arranged in a crystal vase in the centre of an elegant , coffee table .
he was picking flowers from the front garden when they had arrived back home .
they covered the tables with white clothes , unboxed the wine glasses and china dinnerware , stuck the flower arrangement in a vase of water , and left the food in boxes on the side tables .
she went in a flower girl and came out a duchess .
on the table was a wine bucket , a collection of glasses , and a bouquet of flowers .
it was a beautiful flower print .
` ` yes , please , tea if you have it , any form as long as it 's the real stuff and not flowers , '' emma said .
durand looked at his friend , to give him a chance to answer , but the best that richard could manage was to shift his gaze to a vase of flowers .
i dragged him along and he explained to me all the types of trees that stood in the yard and the flowers that sometimes edged the path .
` ` explore the house , i think cecil just wilted all the flowers out here , '' i quipped .
another dangerously funny one is , harry trumanmade a speech at the washington garden club , he kept referring to the good manure that needed to be used on the flowers .
she folded the banana leaf twice while keeping all the flowers inside it .
the petunia flower bed .
` ` she was the flower of her district , her state , her country , especially when the circus or army came to town . ''
` ` but , you know , there 's a flower called that . ''
did a lot of flower arranging for the church .
we finally managed to settle the flower situation .
let me know if the flowers get in your way .
it is your job as a degenerate gentleman to re - instill hope into this withered flower .
he then saw that someone had placed a picture of his mother smack in the center of the mantel , with flowers around it .
` ` who put the flowers in your hair ? ''
otto pushed the flowers aside on the table and put a plate in front of white .
and furthermore , did you not come upon me while i was asleep in my office the other night and put flowers in my hair ? ''
a bouquet of flowers was on the swing beside her , and atalanta was speaking in a low voice but the man leaned in and kissed her .
it had flowers ... '' * and as summer wore on the weather got hotter and things got more complicated .
we need your help arranging flowers for a funeral .
on intermittent stakes he had tacked the seed packets of the vegetables and flowers he had planted .
there was a mans presence in it but a womans touch mixed in flowers on the table but deer heads on the wall .
` ` did you know that i work in a flower store down the street ?
` ` you work with flowers , '' he said .
` ` who the hell buys flowers in times like these ? ''
catalog prints of countless flowers were pinned to the walls roses and tulips and lilies and chrysanthemums .
there was half a fence at most , many wooden crosses , some flowers , many weeds .
the problem faced by the board was that both women were married to each other in bahrain in a flower - flavored half - naked ceremony led by the head of the church of the holy flower , cassandra scafarel , a woman arrested for the sale of a rash - inducing beauty lotion without fda approval , and still under investigation in general for having created a personal growth outfit known as the church of the holy flower .
the problem faced by the board was that both women were married to each other in bahrain in a flower - flavored half - naked ceremony led by the head of the church of the holy flower , cassandra scafarel , a woman arrested for the sale of a rash - inducing beauty lotion without fda approval , and still under investigation in general for having created a personal growth outfit known as the church of the holy flower .
the problem faced by the board was that both women were married to each other in bahrain in a flower - flavored half - naked ceremony led by the head of the church of the holy flower , cassandra scafarel , a woman arrested for the sale of a rash - inducing beauty lotion without fda approval , and still under investigation in general for having created a personal growth outfit known as the church of the holy flower .
her friends lanai and flower were seated inside playing cityville on zynga through a giant television screen , jenna , taimi , and cynthia were checking out the pastry and ice cream assortments of the bellagios caf gelato dining place , and montana was speaking with her father on the phone to arrange an imminent leave from sensual brigade custody .
` ` i d like to negotiate and go freely , i live in malibu with my friends , except for jenna and flower , they re not from malibu but they d like to visit l.a . , we have an ocean liner to catch there , the city of wellington , where we d like to work as poolside entertainers , after we go back to malibu .
` ` what s so special about those bonds , in any case , they re not our bonds , flower and i do not own those bonds , we do nt want those bonds , we do nt like them , we do nt even know how to cash them , they re not real money , they re debt . ''
` ` government security , give her credit , '' said money fact , showing a sensual brigade money credit card , a plastic card with two fuschia flowers on the obverse .
after several minutes , lanai and flower appeared inisde the private salon , escorted by agents bellamey and jenkins .
` ` we were quietly watching the adult channel in our room , they told us you lost one thousand dollars at black jack , that flower awaits trial with you , and that i m supposed to find a link with some cayman bank , cassandra scafarel and the boustrophedon of pleasure .
` ` i was trying to avoid trial for flower and me . ''
money fact chose lanai to wear the overalls and be the elevator repairperson , and lanai chose flower to help her get inside the overalls , oversized .
brayfield , wearing a military cap and blue uniform , pulled vigorously on the elevator door panels from the other side of the elevator , until the elevator opened and everyone got out , flower first , then lanai , then money fact and donway , and finally clarity .
he looked closely at clarity and flowers high cut dress , engaging a steady stare at lanais shapely sweater .
the girls , lanai and flower , were hungry , they were usually hungry .
lanai and flower were being briefed and had been given uniforms and her glass eye investigation was already under investigation by personnel resources , mission integration and security .
she saw flower and lanai dressed in khaki uniform , long skirt and matching shirt , with thick rubber soled shoes .
` ` they found you a uniform as well , '' said flower , ` ` frankly , i prefer my sandals and my grey off the shoulder dress by l.a .
they ve been in contact with that church of the holy flower and with the daughters of o & o , we could easily drop some illegal charges on them replacing the o & o daughters , for being accomplices to that fraud . ''
i thought afterflow came to repair elevator b. i m just not sure i can help though , with my uniform , its difficult to move around incognito , '' said flower .
clarity and lanai slipped inside the conference center through a side door normally used by cleaning and maintenance personnel , while flower guarded the entrance in case someone from security showed up , or someone hostile in general showed up insisting to use the entrance .
clarity saw flower walk towards them .
` ` we d like to help you repair evans , '' said flower .
the elevator repairman told clarity to follow him , and obtained a repair pass for her , leaving flower and lanai at bellagio fountain duty , ensuring the patterns of the fountain shows matched those programmed .
the jail sentence for that is up to two and a half years , its up to us to decide how many years you and your friend flower are facing .
` ` something tells me clarity knows a lot more than what she says about the church of the holy flower . ''
clarity walked briskly to flowers room and asked her to bring lanai and herself in everglades room in about an hour with her copy of the book of decadence .
` ` you do nt believe in the credo of the church of the holy flower do you ? ''
lanai and flower came in , holding a chocolate bar and refreshments .
the depiction from the book of decandence came from a taoist canon known as the flower of the holy bedroom .
she placed the smartphone in place and grabbed the tv remote , giving a thumbs up signal to flower , who was blocking the view for everglade .
she walked away towards the door , taking flower by the hand .
clarity and flower entered claritys room and flower kept an eye on the corridor to ensure no one was around .
clarity and flower entered claritys room and flower kept an eye on the corridor to ensure no one was around .
` ` we need a distraction , '' said flower .
` ` that s a solid , straight - looking rod you have there , '' said flower .
` ` flower , '' said lanai .
` ` i see what it can do , ill think about it , '' said flower , pulling away .
` ` its the wrench , '' said flower .
` ` evans got us into all this trouble , this supercomputer better know how to get us out of here super quickly , '' said flower .
` ` they know where we are , '' said flower .
` ` were running away , were not prisoners , '' said flower .
the man at the front of the queue , stepped forward , but flower blocked his entrance .
` ` elevators under repair , ca nt come in , ca nt come in , '' said flower .
` ` my charm is my strength , it surfaces when i need it , '' said flower .
` ` were in an elevator that does nt work , '' said flower .
i m afraid evans is still down there , were just temporary interns in charge of elevator maintenance , '' said flower .
` ` cards please , '' said flower .
` ` well , i ve always wanted to play black jack in a casino , '' said flower , ` ` it just suits the mood . ''
` ` that would be money , '' said flower .
` ` and willing , '' said flower .
i knew i wanted to plant flowers like my grandmother .
i was picking dirt out of my flowers until i gave up and threw them in the trash . ''
they grow landscaping supplies for local use- flowers , shrubs , trees , a few acres of sod .
the rover slowed at the end of the hill and turned left into an island of multi - coloured lights and undulating , up - lit flower beds and palm trees .
au contraire my little flower .
in between the points of the star , and in the centre , were random carvings that reminded will of celtic knots , but they were so badly eroded that they could have been rabbits , or flowers , or the wheel trims off his rover .
parked in the middle of the plaza , surrounded on two sides by raised planting beds of flowers and on a third side by a flagpole , was a screaming yellow 1968 mustang 390 gt , with the engine running and the exhaust issuing a restrained version of the burbling growl that fans of bullitt know and love so well .
ten minutes later i parked it on the street near the museum , having decided that parking it on the plaza between the flower beds and the flagpole again would be in poor taste .
one the morning of the fourth day of separation from my temp beloved , temporary until my true beloved returned from the vineyards of burgundy , presumably unsullied by french women , i could nt stand it any longer , hopped into the mustang , drove it up meeting street to the museum , hopped the curb , and parked in the plaza between the entryway and the flower beds .
he stopped dead , but glanced over to the flower planter on which the curator was standing , jumping up and down , watching me .
they trooped in , knowing the routine , got the folding tables and rolling chairs from the wings , laid out the table cloths and vase of flowers and plates and wine glass and platters of cold cuts and salads .
now i wander the forests on the ocean side of the mountains , by myself , avoiding the uglies who track through with guns and leave their garbage among the wild flowers and ferns .
he walked a little ways into the woods , dropped his trousers , squatted and pooped in an area free of wild flowers .
beyond the woods was a path that lead me to a fairly large cultivated area , with flowers that were placed by stones that held inscriptions written in their alien tongue .
why could n't he pack up and head for the country , the clear mountain air , the blue skies and babbling brooks , the song of birds and the aroma of wild flowers at his doorstep .
i pushed gently and the door swung open and i entered onto a large field of wild flowers .
next week we bought us a house , a big house with a swimmin pool and three storeys tall and flowers everywhere ... and we all move in .
they is silence , then miller says we can move back to miller 's grove and that 's what we did , ' cept the trailers is all fixed up now and we got us a tv in a rec room that miller built fer us and molly does all the cookin and clem started a garden with nice flowers .
smell the flowers , feel the breeze , tick tock , tick tock , tick tock .
the walkway beside the trench would be empty , just the two of us and the flowers and birds and squirrels .
they loved the forest and spoke to the flowers and played with the bunnies and frolicked with other gwelfs .
` ` i did n't know that flowers can talk . ''
` ` oh yes , flowers are full of jokes and funny stories and i laugh when i hear a flower talk .
` ` oh yes , flowers are full of jokes and funny stories and i laugh when i hear a flower talk .
- https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/353590 la fortuna della luna - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/361040 you will die - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/383211 the death and resurrection of john - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/369060 testimony of a former slave as witness to a duel : september 15 , 1822 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/362072 my boy johnny - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/356847 extinction of the thalls - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/310829 washington - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/294233 the dragons of miami - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/278539 other world - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/51153 arrowheads - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/171930 the splintered door and the kiss - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/219942 psychic - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/236386 europe 76 - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/151823 the weird life of joshua mirabene - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301478 literary flowers - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/301637 in search of marekka - https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/313720 connect with garden urthark online twitter : http : //twitter.com / gardenurthark smashwords : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / gardenurthark garden urtharks blog : http : //gardenurthark.wordpress.com ray dennis does the secret a simple law of attraction story gary troia copyright 2014 by gary troia smashwords edition all rights reserved .
you are like a gardener who has grown a certain flower or vegetable and , having had repeated success in growing it , you continue to keep growing it .
i went on many dates , but each one , i knew for sure , was not the manifested exotic flower that i had planted .
hotels for mistresses , taxis from glasgow , flowers for forgotten wives on valentines day .
she dodged between the flower tubs and the busy road .
i was going to bring you flowers , but the boys in cib said one should never , ever , give a sergeant something he ca nt eat , drink or smoke !
it 's got country french decor , light wicker tables scattered about , with fresh flowers on each , and linen canopies shading the patrons , whose eyes are shaded by guccis , ray - bans and persols .
that reminds me , i need to send stacey flowers .
this was after countless mother 's days where i 'd come home to wilted flowers ( hastily plucked from the neighbor 's yard ) and a handwritten card that he wrote the morning of , ( which i know because he 'd always distract me with the wilted flowers , spontaneously needing to use the bathroom where he 'd duck off and copy something poetic he probably read on a billboard , the very billboard that reminded him it was mother 's day ) .
this was after countless mother 's days where i 'd come home to wilted flowers ( hastily plucked from the neighbor 's yard ) and a handwritten card that he wrote the morning of , ( which i know because he 'd always distract me with the wilted flowers , spontaneously needing to use the bathroom where he 'd duck off and copy something poetic he probably read on a billboard , the very billboard that reminded him it was mother 's day ) .
` ` i ' ve got a nice flower for you ! ''
the column of hats tilted back and forth ; there was a sudden flash of light , and a palatial country house appeared , complete with gardeners , trees , flowers , assorted bees and wasps , a scene painter , and a hay wagon . ''
moments later , he skipped away to buy flowers for his sweetheart , just missing polydoor , who had returned for a sudden - death , winner - take - all final .
through the window i watched as the car swung into the driveway and jerked to a stop with one tire in the flower bed .
when the sky bled with the first light of day , and we were all the way on the other side of downtown , he curled up with me in a frozen flower bed , and we went to sleep , our breath mixing in clouds in the slanted morning sunshine .
and turn around a see a gigantic flower looking down on him , but no , he did n't hear anything over his grumbling and the sounds of weeds finally coming free from the dirt .
what is it going to take for that smart - aleck of a kid to notice his life is threatened by a mutated garden - variety tubular flower ?
but just when all hope seemed lost the rest of his body was slurped up completely into the carnivorous flower 's mouth .
aaron was eaten by a flower ? !
its little carpel tongue dangled out as it gagged and slowly the monstrous flower 's head started to turn black .
after a while , his retching became words : ` ` that flower was huge !
i got eaten by a huge flower !
all the flowers were out to get him !
he backed out of the garden , swiveling his head left and right to make sure no other mutant flower was sneaking up on him .
` ` first i get all these calls about monster plants attacking and now you come in and tell me you were eaten by a giant flower ? ! ''
houses were overgrown with thick , muscular vines that were tearing off siding ; yards were thick with living grass rippling with hunger ; weeds snarled at anything that moved -- which included their kin -- and dainty flowers licked their lips and then patted them with handkerchiefs !
since vena 's last desperate ploy to stay alive , every single plant in poolington was dead : weeds and flowers , trees and shrubs , fruits and vegetables .
did they calmly explain why we should not cut the pretty flowers out of the $ 1,200 print they just purchased ?
i sigh , and just then nate walks in with a sad little arrangement of flowers he bought from the guy standing at a traffic light .
he says we can order in tonight , and i put the flowers in water .
we even had real flowers .
please get out of the flower pot .
` ` what if he falls into the clutches of a flower child , or an advertising agency ?
and there , on her hands and knees in the front garden , tugging away at the most stubborn of the weeds in the flower border , was a woman whom i could only assume to be my wife .
there were plenty of plants and flowers , but no sign of her mother .
agnes saw the flower in claires hair .
i had prepared my twelve note cards months in advance , even before picking out the flowers with jacksons mother and the wedding planner .
why did they dump all the flowers in your place ?
i m thinking all these flowers are nt healthy , she said .
stacy snorted and moved some of the flower bouquets onto the balcony .
they 're wearing flowers in their hair and bones in their noses , and they ' ve formed a rock group called bronze camels .
our children are sneaking out here and smoking tent ropes and putting flowers in their hair . ''
get a bunch of flowers , squash them , boil them , pour the mess into tiny bottles that he could make out of melted down auto glass , and rake in the cash .
for dessert he bet his mother had baked a chocolate slab cake from scratch and decorated it with thick , gooey icing and edible flowers from the garden .
as you can see , our mother loves flowers .
you re the kind of man who takes flowers into the nursing home for his old wife .
but there was a nursery just out of town with a good selection of plants that would be a lot more practical than cut flowers anyway .
i like this so much better than cut flowers , she said .
i should have brought flowers , he said suddenly .
so much better than flowers .
it 's only going to be a small wedding , forty guests , and a tiny wedding party : erin , her step - daughter to be sadie as the flower girl , cupid the border collie as the ring bearer and jared and his best man .
he said , as he sprawled backwards into the flower garden , trying and failing to avoid the camellias .
framed prints from target gave a slight impression of impressionist flowers , while paintings of parisian trolleys faced a variety of wrinkled posters of bikini - clad girls , all unbelievably ecstatic while holding a bottle of beer , showering in beer , or both .
let him knit doilies or collect flowers the rest of his life .
telval produces adult films unlike any other , films like ' embroidered air avenue ' , engaging beautiful women for hours in sultry positions and scenes , revealing an oriental connection to the films choreographies and to the symbolic decryptor , and including codes for women within the films to get inside the church of the holy flower .
scafarels church of the holy flower , on the other hand , includes its very own holy flower , the rose of levity , a real flower , one of the most expensive in the world , a gold of kina balu rose , a variation on a mrs . herbert stevens rose .
scafarels church of the holy flower , on the other hand , includes its very own holy flower , the rose of levity , a real flower , one of the most expensive in the world , a gold of kina balu rose , a variation on a mrs . herbert stevens rose .
scafarels church of the holy flower , on the other hand , includes its very own holy flower , the rose of levity , a real flower , one of the most expensive in the world , a gold of kina balu rose , a variation on a mrs . herbert stevens rose .
in order to become a member of scafarels church with shalia owell and access the churchs resorts and intricate personal development spiritual growth program , jenny owens bought the rose of levity from scafarel for fifty thousand dollars , a bargain according to scafarel , who argues that the flower is priceless .
clarity gathered that they were looking for the gold minted bar known as lady fortuna , the token of initiation previously owned or held by buddha talk , which pointed to the church of the holy flower , a place which initiated its members , mostly affluent women , into the eleusinian mysteries , a variety of rituals carried out in ancient greece which most likely included some ceremonies that would now be called a form of sacred or divine sexuality .
swarez opened the back door and her friends lanai , taimi , cynthia , jenna , flower and montana got inside the limousine .
` ` who is flower ? ''
` ` i experienced , i experienced a form of ecstasy , '' said clarity , ` ` while i was in the bahamas with some women from the church of the holy flower . ''
she transferred one million dollars in bitcoins to the buddha talk account at lofty , showing the transfer came from ' clarity and flower ' , hoping to clear her debt with lofty bank , as a result of the loss of the bonds to buddha talk .
` ` with naomi , '' said flower , ` ` very nice people , they like chess and cuba in general . ''
` ` ill go with you clarity , i feel like taking a dip in the caribbean sea in one of the peaceful , beautiful beaches of the british virgin islands , '' said flower .
clarity walked with flower to the parachute exit platform of the air fashion jet .
his eyelids were like flower petals in the sun ; this was not a matter of free will .
the gladiolas should start to bloom any day now , my daughter caroline so loves the flowers behind the house now that she has more time to visit , says another , cleaning her glasses for attention .
you get down the fiddle and you rosin up your life , pull up the flowers and give them to the wife ; you dance like the devil 's coming over for dinner , and you 're serving him crow , 'cause you ai n't no sinner , and you 're serving him crow , 'cause you ai n't no sinner .
something landed on my shoulder and the next thing i knew , jeremy was out the window and streaking toward a small yellow house with flower baskets hanging at the corners .
` ` you always bring me flowers , do n't you ? ''
` ` maybe he could teach george to bring me flowers instead of rats and rabbits . ''
` ` why do n't we fill this thing with soil and plant a flower garden ? ''
` ` i still think we should fill the pool and plant spring flowers , '' i said .
` ` you mean i should plant flowers , '' ben said .
anyway , it would be less nerve - wracking than worrying about the pool and we could sell the flowers to the supermarket in mora bay .
he also objected when i stopped to see what was coming up in ben 's flower garden .
after nicky and beanbag did their ritual sniffing and posturing and decided they liked each other , we admired ben 's garden , flower beds and the hanging baskets on the veranda .
then put a wrought iron table and benches and big pots of flowers on it , like a detached patio .
` ` actually , miss bonnie dragged your ex to a flower show , '' explained alma .
he looked about the lawn , probably astounded that i kept it mowed and at least dotted with a few forsaken flowers .
` ` the flowers , mamma we are walking past the flowers , '' noted selena .
` ` the flowers , mamma we are walking past the flowers , '' noted selena .
she rearranged the fresh flowers and carefully wiped the inscribed granite : to the dear memory of christopher hastings 1986 2014 forever in our hearts if its too soon if i m wrong to feel this way about nick please , please let me know ; i feel outside of myself at the moment .
he stood rooted to the spot , utterly bewildered by what was happening and looked over the brow from where she came , did nt you have flowers before ?
as he focussed he was certain it was newly - wrapped flowers and he jogged down the hill towards the spot .
and i remember smelling flowers all over my face .
outside , in the sizable back yard , a symphony played classical music and caterers were about to serve dinner on elegant tables with striking flower centerpieces .
the flower gardens were absolutely breathtaking as they were well tended by a very talented gardener .
benita alvarez wrote flower girls , a novel about sisters and their caring for each other .
how did you get the idea for flower girls ?
carmela was smiling as she tended to the flowers outside .
send no flowers , hers are black roses !
the flower girl tossed him her posies .
then she grabs his grey lapels , with flowers on either side , stuck face to face , and says if he flings her back up in the air again , she 'll do the puke , or a flip , looping mythically skywards , as artie is no longer drunk and has balance enough .
the paganic cult nowadays involved worship over harmin 's future grave , which was planted with vegetables , beans and flowers a veritable pea patch .
the veggies and flowers were all plowed under , like harmin .
they brought back memories of the flowers , making the site much less stark and intimidating .
saragina held squirming , smarmy , warmly furry roscoe in her arms instead of a flow'ry bouquet ; when he could n't take it anymore she took the yellow and red rose with stubbly white stick flowers bunch to her abundant front and masked the ` ` unwell , '' it all going with her slightly off - white then and , of course y' all , satin wedding gown , derived from a source you would n't believe in , because you keep such careful track , or something .
roscoe sported a flower collar and smelled herbal .
medieval stiff - backed wooden plastic chairs ? with verses written on the backs , twining with flowers : love is when the other person 's happiness is more important than your own .
from visiting japan by jurat jarkman reproduced with the permission of the author and jackdaw press part two the old man and the boy begin their dialogue waki ( a priest ) are you the flower keeper ?
i sweep up in the blossom season , so you may call me the flower keeper if you wish , although i should tell you that i am one of noble rank concealed in a lowly appearance .
as this cart passes by , people hurl flowers and clothing under the wheels .
mourning apollo approaches zeus ( or jupiter ) and together they transform the blood into a flower ( named hyacinth , latinised as jacinth ) the petals of which are inscribed with the letters ai ( or ' woe ' ) .
i lied and said i d left hers at work so that i could give her it , along with some flowers , tonight .
i took her out this evening , once i d given her the flowers and the card which she loved .
anyway , flowers here !
i think your mother sent you some flowers .
dave came out of the back room a moment later , walked briskly up to the deliverer holding the flowers , took one look at the bouquet , and declared , my mother hates flowers .
dave came out of the back room a moment later , walked briskly up to the deliverer holding the flowers , took one look at the bouquet , and declared , my mother hates flowers .
it had all happened so quickly that the flower deliverer was still standing there motionless near the front door , the confusion on his face slowly being replaced by irritation .
there is a crazy lady on the bus everyday who wears a big oversized dress with a pink flower in her hair .
thursday- april 18 , 1985 if i just look at a flower i sneeze .
my brother arrived with his appetite , jokes and a big bouquet of flowers .
i found myself on a first name basis with every flower deliveryman in the city .
she proceeded to do the same with the eleven remaining flowers .
then he said , ` ` lum , go over there in maude 's garden and pick a couple of them carnation milk flowers for the bride . ''
enter the other party the art of exhibition taking stock credit lunch flies on serena airgun wedding nomance prince alarming me jane , you jane prologue carla the florist is surrounded by the duplicitous and the craven and that s just her flowers .
i said , romance ca nt hope to match their prices for pot - grown flowers .
so then , the big question was , why the hell did nt she buy more flowers ?
well okay it was just possible she was too rarefied even for flowers .
and in any case , this mystery ran far deeper than a poseur not buying flowers .
it stood to reason she was never going to actually ask serena why she did nt buy any flowers .
there was no chance of kitty getting lots of flowers from lovesick gentlemen .
these westhrops sounded just like the snooty types who bought flowers from romance .
not a lot of flowers , mind , just enough to keep her hanging by her fingertips from the poverty line .
and anyway , could any man who bought flowers be up to the job of getting marla pregnant ?
a terrible loss because shelly boasted a wealthy husband who was always going to put the cemetery knee - deep in flowers on the big day .
for a start off , charmaine does nt like flowers .
she s said i should move in with her so i could get away from the flower dust too .
i want to supply all the flowers for your funeral , she wailed .
but , darling , i was nt ever going to buy any flowers .
stock taking , unlike charmaine , car insurance , elaine , the popular music industry , marla , kitty and flowers made perfect sense .
marla began to wrap the flowers .
there was no way juliets family would hire romance to provide the flowers for her funeral .
stately oak trees , handsome 19th century brick buildings , flowers in profusion .
but avery nodded , feeling almost as small as the innocent flower she pretended to be .
she was wearing a flower print skirt and a blouse that showed off her assets .
i do nt like the flowers !
he started grabbing the flowers and ripping them out of the ground .
she was wearing a flowered dress with ripped jeans underneath and smelt of flowers and fresh fruit .
sent flowers by way of apology and a note that read : it should be filed on the paradoxes and contradictions shelf , but absent one , it should go on the science shelf , which is where the majority of the paradoxes and contradictions are located . ]
if nothing else , the hippie vision was of a reenchanted world -- a love - in of flower children , peace , a commune on a farm instead of a hot job in the city .
27 i have been moved to a private room , one with a window that overlooks the freeway and smells of disinfectant and old flowers .
i 'll take some flowers over to the house today . ''
` ` and do n't forget to get his old lady flowers if you plan on banging her . ''
though i do yearn for the flowers of the macaroni and cheese plants over there so that i might satiate my appetite , i am unable to leave this post , for fear keeps me here .
the flowers were all massive , at least twenty feet tall , and the trees which constituted the forest they saw were proportionally large to the flowers , when compared to the nature of size differentials between trees and flowers in our own world .
the flowers were all massive , at least twenty feet tall , and the trees which constituted the forest they saw were proportionally large to the flowers , when compared to the nature of size differentials between trees and flowers in our own world .
the flowers were all massive , at least twenty feet tall , and the trees which constituted the forest they saw were proportionally large to the flowers , when compared to the nature of size differentials between trees and flowers in our own world .
now , you ll surely think i m making this up , because its so fantastical , but what they beheld inside the flowers seemed to be a bee of human proportions , until it raised its head , which showed it to be a bee with a human head .
not for repairing the oriental flowers but the british sports cars .
she smelt like a flower no one had ever smelled before .
then again , looking down at the magnificent clustered crystal of this little flower this only white thing i have ever seeni think the council used to take care of all this .
i had expected that at some point we d have a new friendship that would burrow out from the remains of the old one like a rash of flowers .
and one day , as sure as flowers will sprout from the earth , i will go to that house and i will find out the truth .
gordon proceeded to lower his back legs , quickly coming within touching distance of the non flammable flower motif .
i hid her in mister hendersons coffin and covered her with flowers .
you want me to fight vampires , he said , with flower power ?
were marching into battle low on ammunition , with no intel on our enemy and armed with our young friends best guesses and a pretty purple flower ?
you d never trust a flower before a gun , he said .
` ` is n't it something , '' waters said , as he typically began any statement , full of musing , ` ` that flowers can grow out of concrete ?
after ordering vang to drop the bouquet , pint crushed the flowers with his boot .
the bee hovered safely around pint 's shiny boots , waiting for him to move his feet off the flower .
she had made the space her own within hours of her arrival flowers on the mantel , a few books and magazines on the tables .
thank you for the flowers in my shoes this morning , that was so sweet .
the way she said flowers and how she smiled , like she loved doing it but did nt get enough opportunities , touched me .
picked them myself this morning , i said and then for the benefit of the children i added , i snuck into the neighbors yard early this morning to steal flowers but their huge dog with big teeth came running out and do you know what happened ?
he did nt eat me up , he came running out and he helped me pick more flowers .
you bought them flowers and food and all those little gifts .
she could pick flowers in a field in the middle of d - day and come out of it without a scratch .
porky had been temporarily conjoined with a woman who d been abused in her youth and as part of her healing process , she had mentally put all the men in her life on rafts filled with flowers and sent them adrift into a slow - flowing river that eventually terminated in a treacherous waterfall not that much smaller than niagara .
she was heavily perfumed , as though she still stank of all those flowers , and as porky listened to her story , he realized he did nt really like listening to people all that much and he began mentally to make a raft , on which he placed many flowers , onto which he helped his partner .
she was heavily perfumed , as though she still stank of all those flowers , and as porky listened to her story , he realized he did nt really like listening to people all that much and he began mentally to make a raft , on which he placed many flowers , onto which he helped his partner .
i felt both tired and adventurous and so climbed the ladder to reach the hut where i had imagined tropical flowers strewn on soft mats of woven grasses upon which bowls of suckling pig and pineapple could be found , but instead i found cigarette butts strewn on a dirty plywood floor upon which a dirty magazine could be found .
* ricky stood in a corral outside the far door looping strands of flowers around a tall , handsome horse .
he just dropped the string of flowers he had in his hand and walked off .
mother , what do you think you re growing in that flower bed along the waterfall ?
i also notice that he has a bunch of mixed flowers tucked under his arm for some lucky lady or could it be some bloke as you never know these days and i do nt want to make assumptions only to be totally wrong .
to make up for the lack of booze , i hastily nick a bunch of pink tulips that were in a chrome bucket outside the entrance amongst the other flowers and plants .
there were comfortable daybeds for a nap and lit aromatherapy candles , while fresh flowers stood proud next to vibrating massage chairs .
once i have finished putting it together and he seems a little impatient at the thought of looking like a flower child when he grabs at it and breaks it in one tug .
he asks from the far end of the garden and holds up a dandelion , which of course is also nicknamed a wet the bed flower and i realise that he does nt know what i m talking about so hopefully there s enough yellow flowers in this garden to keep him hunting for a while longer .
he asks from the far end of the garden and holds up a dandelion , which of course is also nicknamed a wet the bed flower and i realise that he does nt know what i m talking about so hopefully there s enough yellow flowers in this garden to keep him hunting for a while longer .
he does as requested and i hold the little stem up to the skin of his neck and tickle him with the open flower head .
i got out of my vehicle at the address given to me by brenda only to find myself in a car park that is , separated by a low fence , which is in front of a field of headstones and a blended mass of flowers , cuddly toys and pictures in frames and such paraphernalia .
do nt worry about the flowers getting wet , they ll be drenched soon enough , she says and ducks for cover under the umbrella .
i hope the rain stops soon because this is only the start of it and there s more to come , says brenda and adjusting the white lily flowers in her hand .
she is like a precious delicate flower that s blooming right before our very eyes , says ishmael and it is bringing out the songwriter in him .
amy meanwhile was leaning against a flower shop window , her short brunette waves surrounding a zoned - out expression .
i remember one , in particular , an aztec poem , and it began , rejoice , rejoice , my flower king , you own many jewels and i thought , wow , that s for me , man .
where flower king comes from .
she s a big gardener , got this incredible spread of flowers in her back yard .
she s taught me a lot about simple pleasures , flowers , feathers , sun .
cm : flower king we did .
his eyes were blooming like flowers on a sunny day through the goggles strapped to his head .
troy slushy stepped out of the blue hatchback , walking past the motionless flowers that lined the walkway .
his mobile body pushed a breeze past the brittle flowers , shattering them into tiny pieces .
all the helicopters disbursed into their pointed directions , each one traveling away from awful , ohio , evenly blooming , spreading the black tarp across the enter city of awful , ohio like an opening flower .
she liked the music and the way the church smelled of the blend of furniture polish , candles and flowers .
she simply rested there in the quiet , smelling the sweet - acrid scent of the recently extinguished beeswax candles , lemony furniture polish , pungent incense and the barest hint of the small dishes of flowers that sat on the altar and in front of the statue of the blessed mother .
some people were throwing flowers at the van .
the flowers of keihwa by s. michael choi copyright 2011 by s. michael choi revised edition , copyright 2013 .
the flowers of course are the girls , aged 17 - 28 , mostly tilting towards the younger end of that scale , with beauty fragile , evanescent , slowly disintegrating , a feminist understanding .
the girls were all the same ; learning korean merely to administer a colony of forty million , they wore black uniforms with pink flower seals .
` ` if it were all you had , it would be like getting out of a jail , to enjoy for just a few days the spring flowers .
iceprincess : love - interest of tusk , slowly - developing in positive and negative directions iceprincess , 1/8th brazilian , student at singapore national university , best english of the group , was despite these odd characteristics the quintessential kyoto bijin , the otonashii yamato nadeshiko [ kyoto beauty ; quiet flower of japan ] who represented the complete fulfillment of quintessential japanese values .
these flowers , so refined , so deadly , could also put out , and though wearing a mask of propriety , farhome clearly pulled a boy out of a club the night before and nailed him , the dominance factor was undoubted , despite being the actual vocalizer of sentiments contemptuous of korea , farhome with her gyaru - go vocabulary , her loneliness on sunday morning ( seen walking on the street ) , pulled off the first score of 2/1 ( and this would be a girls year ) , with an implicit middle finger to meddle - some aj-4 who asked doshita no ?
they drove down a small road lined with green grass and flower gardens in bloom .
someday , when you go back to earth again , hopefully you ll remember to appreciate every moment , smell the flowers , love even when your heart is breaking , eat dessert everyday , sing in the shower , dance in the rain , go on picnics , paint and soak up every second of lifes preciousness you can get .
sometimes he brought me presents when he made deliveries to the flower shop where i worked .
he said i was the most beautiful flower in the shop .
after my grandmother was dead , we went to the ocean and threw flowers into the water .
at the ocean , my youngest cousin tried to throw her flowers into the water , but she was too short , and they landed on the sand .
she picked her flowers back up , carefully , and put them back in her basket .
he had awakened to the cabin lights on , coffee service rattling up the aisle , and suzanne asleep beside him with her laptop shuffling a screensaver slideshow of maisie picking flowers , maisie on a pony , maisie with fistfuls of her first birthday cake .
maisie started down the gravel road toward the setting sun , stopping every few steps to pick a flower or examine a pebble .
eve herself wore flowers woven directly into her lustrous black tresses .
i saw these flowers and they match your eyes .
it was the year that i had discovered that i could draw , thus the picture of the sexy girl sitting on the flower - studded grass by the water .
wild flowers strewed the fields .
ill raise their drooping heads again , as it fell upon the flowers .
in his hands were two pots of flowers .
he turned to his wife and stuffed the pots of flowers in her face .
but in getting to know her gardener , the dried up well of inspiration began to sniff toward her gardener like a bee to a flower blossom .
there it is , regal now , behind the flower stand .
i find it curious that although the communists demolished house and grave , inexplicably they left the lot vacant , erecting nothing more substantial than a small flower stand .
thus it was that in november 1990 i stood before the remnants of the grave , in what had been the garden of my fathers house , now an untended lot where a grove of slender trees reaches to the sky , including that famous magnolia supposedly planted by my father , in front of which romantically stands a flower kiosk .
i stood deep in thought for i do nt know how long ; stepped towards the kiosk ; selected an armful of flowers leo rushed forward in order that i not pay and laid them on the mossy edge of that stone that nothing distinguished from any other .
for a while he continued going to morristown from time to time to take care of his house , his garden , his flowers .
he must be in the bathroom , or maybe out watering the flowers .
she puts the flowers in water , but they are upside down , petals soggy , stems in the air .
the owl hovered high overhead , sweeping down on occasion in order to steer him in the right direction , the boy easily distracted , apt to stray , such were the many delights of the open , toads and flowers whose names jerian did not know .
the girl touched him , bathed him as her mother had , her mother 's head from which , like a flower from its bulb , she had sprouted .
and there was no noise , nothing , no true shade of plant or flower .
living flowers , bluebells and orchids stood upright in patterned vases on a slight wooden table and in niches shaped into the chimney breast , their liquid fragrance rising from the sheets , the bandages criss - crossing his chest , from the skin itself that he wore .
its approach was heralded by limpid hues of yellow and orange , blue and green , as the mist was lifted like the hem of a skirt to reveal the spurious world of the living to the sallow countenances of the damned , their slack organs pulled taut like reins , their spirits intoxicated , imbued with a lust deeper than that for wine by a drunk , a bee for a flower rich in nectar , the glint and smell of honey as a promise on their swollen tongues as the hundred were goaded into the fray , apples shaken from a tree , their blood suffused with dire notes , sour music borne of an evil wind , helpless , like arrows from a bow , spears dipped as they rode towards their enemy .
deliberately , he plucked a flower , a radiant orchid , and heard in the distance a cry .
she covered the distance to the walkway in a short sprint , the cool evening air gentle against her face as she took in the breaths of air that smelled heavily of flowers .
her hair was long and bouncily curly , she had a red flower hairpin pulling a long strand to the side of her face and framing her somehow familiar features .
in the bathroom , marie turns on the light revealing its little white hexagon tile floor and a picture of a bouquet of bright flowers hanging over the toilet .
not a word was spoken as they patted down the fresh mound of dirt with the backs of their shovels , the plot bare of flowers and new grass .
uh yeah honeyis that flower perfume i smell ?
everest with the ersatz philosophical legend below that read : strive for the skies / aim for the heights ; the other showed hippies with flowers in their hair with the simpler legend , flower power .
everest with the ersatz philosophical legend below that read : strive for the skies / aim for the heights ; the other showed hippies with flowers in their hair with the simpler legend , flower power .
like her he was confused and afraid , possessed by the feeling that weeds were proliferating in the same soil where the flower of their love grew and were draining its life away .
tara did the heavy work , mowing the lawn and using the snowblower , turning over soil for a planting , and so forth ; meg had a vegetable garden in the backyard , and mrs . fournier took care of the flowers in the front along with her cleaning - up routines .
putting the load into the washing machine , she saw on the shelf above a vase she used to put flowers in .
ever after roses had been their special flower .
many times bill would show his appreciation of her with flowers or special attention .
at night when he lay on top of her , she dreamed she was buried and that wild things , flowers and lichens and mosses grew up through her and over her and protected her from any real violation .
each year of her life with abel and charles , she had grown a different garden , placing the vegetables in different spots mixed with flowers , sometimes in rows , sometimes in circles , sometimes in patches .
stillbird hiked back to her cave , still smelling of the flowers she had caressed , snowflakes sparkling in her hair , and there she wrapped herself in a blanket and sat in the entrance watching the earth pale and glisten .
no one mentioned any of that to auntie ada , and finally they did find the grave that was marked jb , and auntie ada said a prayer and laid down the store - boughten flowers she had gotten for the occasion that morning , and then she was ready to go home , to lay down her guilt and her questions and go about her business as she had always tried to do ; a no - nonsense kind of woman , they called her ( and if that was so , some wondered , how is it that john turned out to be so full of it ? ) .
charles held her head , gently stroking back her hair while she vomited into the flower garden , bathed her face and said sweet words to her .
everyday mary went out and picked some of the flowers she had so carefully cultivated for a bouquet for her mothers room .
of course the flowers , once picked , did not last long in their vases , and so they would be thrown out and new blooms sacrificed to the daily ritual of cheering up her mother .
charles had begun to sell furniture that he built and carved decoratively with flowers and vines .
sometimes he would ask her what flowers now ?
and you are as lovely as your name , as lovely as the flowers in the garden , the loveliest flower of all .
and you are as lovely as your name , as lovely as the flowers in the garden , the loveliest flower of all .
mary loved to see these orchid - like flowers in the woods and wished her father would nt be picking them , because they wilted within hours , even in water , but of course she thanked him over and over and made a fuss over his gift because she could nt stand to see his pain .
in between each row of vegetables , mary planned flowers .
like her mother , mary could not get enough of flowers .
the next day everything in the garden was a good head taller charles said , and mary laughed and set about to weed , for the weeds grew twice as fast as the flowers and vegetables , as everyone in the county would be glad to tell you .
he brought her flowers to put in her long blonde hair , fine , baby fine hair she had , and he admired her hair , her skin , her eyes , but he never laid a hand on her , never suggested anything indecent , for he truly believed that mary carried the son of god in her womb , and he perceived her , plain girl that she was , a great beauty because she was blessed with grace and that was the true beauty of woman , to be beloved of god .
and so she lived like that , in a kind of shrine for the rest of the winter , until by late february , she was so big she could hardly walk , and then in march as the first spring flowers started to poke out from the snow , mary went into labor .
once when roger pulled up some tiny tomato plants , mary had to teach him to pinch the little leaves and smell his fingers , so he could tell which were the weeds that smelled generically of the earth and which were the fruits and flowers they desired to cultivate and smelled sweet and desirable .
on a crisp morning in april , when snow still glistened on the grass and flowers that had sprung forth during the warm weeks of march and the distant peaks were blue and white , mary heard the birds , and they sounded like summer to her .
the review was brought to an end by the presiding ministerclergyman does nt seem to be quite the appropriate word for himas he bestrode the platform and planted himself among the tropical jungle of flowers behind the lectern .
the black flower of prejudice was watered , to carry on the organic metaphor , while i was home on leave just before being shipped to the pacific .
see that high field where flowers and weeds embroidered summer with robes of color , love ?
and as still longer ago for some years he d received young ladies of the town , in bright floral dresses with pleats and flounces who d come to have her teach them to paint flowers on vases and pitchers and creamers and teacups .
maybe when it got warm shed plant a garden , grow some flowers .
the card read for my mothers day gift this year , i do nt want candy or flowers , i want an end to killing .
she wished shed thought to bring a flower .
violets , maybe , one of the early flowers they used to put in may baskets when they were little .
a couple of them even helped me plant the flowers .
like little girls to plant flowers .
you placed flowers on your mothers and brothers graves .
they ve got flowers .
the large lawn was neatly mowed and edged near the house with flowers in bloom .
shed put in some vegetables and flowers .
the water comes evenly off the roof line and down into the flower bed and down the main , wide steps of the porch .
each table had different flower arrangements in the name of lloyd = s favorite cub players .
she liked going to botanic gardens and when no one was looking she would snip a flower , most likely a gardenia , which were her favorite .
it was her favorite flower and they thought that would be a perfect thing they could do for her .
no flower shops had any , and the only way they could get one was to order one over the internet .
the room was full and lloyd and ellen pretended to admire the many other flowers .
the boy tried to remember what his mother was wearing : a skirt with flowers all over it and a tee shirt with words he could nt read , long black hair , he did nt know how tall she was , taller than he was , and he reached his hand up to where he imagined her shoulder would be .
he d be real sorry as he sobered up , go to church , bring her flowers and three weeks later get all riled up again .
ida knew the baby was a girl because she dreamed about a girl baby and she decided shed name her cardenia to rhyme with the sweetest smelling flowers she knew .
the extraordinary thing he saw was an old woman picking tiny wild flowers that grew everywhere .
the air smells of smoke , hot rubber and flowers .
every now and then , the papers liked to carry a story about some street character , the guy who did some funky dance on the corner of colfax and colorado where he sold bunches of flowers year in , year out , rain or shine , this starvinksy fellow who was pretty damn good and had a respectable past , an old lady they called grandma who made up a doozy of a story for them .
among the flowers , she would sleep a deep sleep maybe dreaming but not remembering those dreams when she awakened .
that s the stuff we put under some flowers and bushes so weeds ca nt grow .
in another week or so it would pass its peak , but for now just about every flower in the flower garden was in bloom .
in another week or so it would pass its peak , but for now just about every flower in the flower garden was in bloom .
she said she was going to paint leaves and become as famous as georgia okeefe for painting flowers .
but love , lifes fairest flower , should not be tested , and she rejected the idea of manipulation and calculation , took a deep breath , and opened the door .
he remembered how the little boy loved flowers and tried to catch butterflies because they were so booful .
it was quiet and unexpected memories that filled his mind , like seeing his wife in the backyard at sunset with a bunch of flowers in her hand and a halo from the setting sun lighting up her blond hair , or his two - year - old son staring in fascination at the first butterfly he had ever seen .
and the gates of this chapel were shut , and thou shalt not , writ over the door ; so i turnd to the garden of love that so many sweet flowers bore .
and i saw it was filled with graves , and tombstones where flowers should be ; and priests in black gowns were walking their rounds , and binding with briars my joys & desires .
even the single - family homes interspersed among the tenement buildings like flowers in a weed patch were shabby and run down .
there was nothing nice in the house unless a decorative flower pot that her mother said had belonged to her grandmother was excepted .
yes , i loved flower in the crannied wall .
i heard yvonne say she liked flower in the crannied wall .
they also had to be careful in case a ground ball got past the fielders because mrs . martineau had just planted her flower garden against the back fence last weekend , and she certainly did not want it trampled up .
the flowers did nt look like the ones in gardens .
the funeral director , mr . connolly , was a very old man who reminded him of the flowers in that there was something unnaturally unlifelike about him even though he was alive .
he could smell the sweet aroma of the flowers the gardeners had planted on the sides of the stairs .
oh , nothing , its just that on such a beautiful spring day with flowers blooming and birds singing and the sky cloudless blue and with the senior prom coming up , i was just thinking you should do what you want to do .
with kasey lapham , a male student in two of her classes , she was on an innocent mission to gather flowers to be presented to the receptionist of the dormitory as a thank - you for all her help through the year .
in a field near the college filled with fragrant wild flowers of every color , shape and size , they were alone and without witnesses when suddenly kasey had tried to kiss her as he incoherently declared his love .
most of the houses had flowers and ornamental bushes in the front yard and were all neat and well maintained .
the kitten on a pleasant day in late june with nesting robins hopping across the lawn and a soft breeze filling the air with the fragrance of nearby flowers in full bloom , jeremy lawrence found himself outside of luther bonney hall on the campus of usm discussing french adjectives with three classmates from the summer - session course .
there were flowers in front , the lawn was immaculate , and the house boldly wore its new coat of bright white with black trim ; in the full sun of the hot august day , its gloss paint was almost blinding .
the flowers that bloomed yesterday next to jeremys front door were wilted the next .
the same woman who had painted noahs name on his ark , painted him a beautiful sign with the words new orleans and lots of flowers on it and noah set off the next morning , the only person not hung over from too much dandelion wine .
servants , sometimes he saw women on their knees scrubbing floors or men trimming flowers and trees , dogs and cats sleeping on the wide verandahs but never any of the wealthy folks .
noah loved the idea of a flower that hid from the sun and came out for the stars .
he rarely remembered what flower went with what name but he did nt care .
he says nothing to lydia who has been gathering wild flowers .
he took the seed home and planted it in a pot on a sill in the sun and watered it carefully every day and spoke to it as if this were indeed his wife and the seed sprouted into a lovely flower and every morning and every evening the stone cutter greeted the flower and talked about the weather and the beauty of the world .
he took the seed home and planted it in a pot on a sill in the sun and watered it carefully every day and spoke to it as if this were indeed his wife and the seed sprouted into a lovely flower and every morning and every evening the stone cutter greeted the flower and talked about the weather and the beauty of the world .
when he died the next year his niece and her husband buried him and planted the flower upon his grave for the niece said he loved that flower more than any other person or thing on earth .
at 10:00 a.m. he saw his daughter and brought her the laurel flowers he had kept alive if not quite fresh with frequent soakings of the rag they were wrapped in .
she had to read it all , all the names and hear about who sent flowers and she felt bad , she had nt sent any .
there were fifty wreaths mabel told her , too many she seemed to think , and if it had been up to mabel she would have put some of those flowers on deweys grave .
cascading across the open fields , along the winding lanes and into the half - land of the suburbs , glossing the felt roofs of garden sheds , crystallising neat flowers and stringing clothes - lines with iridescent beads of glass .
old people out till seven in the morning wearing flamenco dress and with flowers in their hair .
picking flowers .
7th july 1919 miss blake , my family regards your continuing to put flowers on gerald 's grave as trespass .
in 1913 when richard married elspeth , and christopher married genevieve , may was a bridesmaid , and olive a flower girl , for both weddings .
i knew then , this was going to take more than flowers to win maggie over .
after the cremation of mrs edgecombs prize flower collection , a curfew was placed on every kid in the neighbourhood .
the widow with the flowers ?
his shoes were from r. soles , and all the roses used to sprinkle on the bed as a romantic gesture to audrey were from a flower shop called florist gump .
it was like a flower from an oriental garden that only bloomed every ten years and only for a day .
kaye and i had a long and extravagant wedding in a catholic church where we lit candles and maybe gave some flowers to the virgin mary .
i hopped down from the fountain and handed her the flower .
a young girl with ravenhair and eyes the color of its violet petals took the flower in her hands , cupped it , enough soil for it to stand , to live , she breathed onto it , the smell of rain grafted into his nostrils , expelling the effluvium of bodies and embers , and it was in his hands and the crowd was behind him , the fire off to the east and north and west and north .
his face in his hands , he turned his head to the flower watching him .
after the fifth such birth , life , and death , he plucked the new flower from its base , hot like ice in his hands , he took it with him and walked back home , alone , but found , his steps lighter , his back straighter , his breath breathed .
old , his body anguished and worn , the soot and ash in his lungs , he turned to the flower , so bright , then the window , an impenetrable barrier of white smoke , of black smoke , the ash snowing against the walls , the soot piling with it and clinging to window sills .
he took the burning cold flower he stole from his grave and swallowed it whole .
he wiped his face and looked around the room and stopped at the flower , now in full bloom , shining its light onto him .
turned to the plant , its light spotlighting his movements , hand on the handle , he removed it and walked to the flower .
his smile faded and he turned from the flower to the notebook and bound to it , his body growing weak with each step , bones creaking , back bending , neck stiffening .
each step to the flower brought youth and each step to the notebook dug his grave .
curled fetally in silence , the words written but not said , he tore a glance to the flower , its light upon him , calling through the silence , burning him from the inside and turning his skin to ice .
the flower in bloom , the notebook in disarray .
it is me you ve found me and i you do you belong to another or to me or i to you do not stop but bring me back speak write cast out the flower it steals you from me and i from you it will not stop until you live free you carry the chains of the past you must choose the past or the future they can not exist together regret or hope me or you i love you have searched through the millennium for you even though it burns and it does it burns alive from the inside it will not last it burns because of you because of us because of sebastian your dreams brought life they brought death sebastian he dreamt this all he dreamt the beginning and end i have known him he spent decades in an apocalypse within himself i love you but you must choose for years i pretended to be you to bring you back .
the flower danced at the otherside of the apartment .
the scent of him and the scent of the flower mingled in his lungs and turned to sulphur , muck , tar .
petals across the floor , strewn about as if torn and kicked but the flower unwilted , not wavering in the heat .
he ripped the flower from the root and crumbled it in his hands , ripped it apart , its icefire scalding his hands , and it turned to ash .
never was i my mother 's child , always jeans , never dresses and bows , always grease and fires , not flowers and poesy .
his smile bloomed like a flower across his face the way it did all those years before .
it ends with flowers and tears on his grave and miho promising the rest of her life to his dream , to give what was left of hers to the life of sebastian falke .
the rain crashed through the broken sundown , blinding , the walls crumbled , and i yearned , my heart bursting , the past bleeding from me , flesh on flesh like flowers drifting downstream .
i left my soul with his body and flowers at his grave .
the poolroom had a double door to the neighboring wine room , a sliding glass door to an outside three - step bank of flowers ( the alternate egress from a basement as required by the citys building code ) , a cabinet - type door serving as access to the dumbwaiter , and several stools and chairs for spectators and players .
and at that moment the spoon started to bend fast like a soft fading flower , as if it were nt made from tough metal but from some plastic material .
it is necessary not only to grow this flower , but also to support it by the power of your love so that it will not fade or die .
the more love you give to this little flower , the more you cherish it in your mind , take care of it , protect it from surrounding negative influences , the more it grows .
if you yield to anger , the flower fades and becomes ill . then it is necessary to put forth the maximum effort to restore it .
you feel the moving petals of this flower that bring vibrations to your whole body , to all the space around you , radiating love and harmony to the world .
finally , the more you take care of it and glorify this love , the more you feel that this flower expands and tightly surrounds your body with its petals , and you stand inside of the huge lotus .
another one , the bigger one , is like the astral shell of this flower that surrounds you .
if a negative or undesirable thought comes , you concentrate on your flower , you start to give your love to it , that is , you forget all the negative things .
but you feel the flower all the time : going to bed , getting up , at night , during the day , whatever you do , when studying , working , doing sports , etc .
it is very important that you start feeling the aura of the flower that is inside and outside of you .
you should always take care of your flower , controlling at all times your thoughts and feelings so that the lotus flower does not fade .
you should always take care of your flower , controlling at all times your thoughts and feelings so that the lotus flower does not fade .
is there a real flower ?
if an individual was virtuous , his flower blossomed out , otherwise the flower faded .
if an individual was virtuous , his flower blossomed out , otherwise the flower faded .
so , does it mean that you should just think with love about this flower ?
discovering this , i again tried to concentrate on the flower , but nothing happened .
after the lessons , i ran into the library to fill the gap in my knowledge about the lotus flower .
i glanced at the photo of the flower .
but this was enough to partially grasp the meaning of why the art of lotus constantly mentioned by sensei is named in honor of this flower .
what i told you about the lotus flower , i repeat , are just images , nothing more , so that for you it would be easier to understand , perceive and feel .
and the flower that should be around the body .
you know , i recently read by chance that helena blavatsky mentioned in her manuscripts about some kind of special spiritual practice that she called the rose of the world , which very distantly reminds me of the flower of lotus , kostya bragged about his discovery .
also , i noticed that it became significantly easier to practice the lotus flower in the ward .
at this moment i felt that my lotus flower began to vibrate intensively .
my lotus flower pulsed even more .
to my great surprise , again i felt my lotus flower begin to strongly vibrate .
when i opened them , i saw myself standing in the middle of an amazingly magnificent field with different beautiful flowers .
he dismounted from the horse and bent over the flower , as if examining and admiring it .
for me it was a riddle why was such a mighty horseman stopped by this ordinary - looking flower ?
my work sent flowers and a poem about how they miss me , my mom sent a potted weeping willow tree that we can take home and plant outside , and scotts mom poured hours of time and energy into a special recipe card box filled with hand - written recipes she has collected over the years .
when i m released , he packs all the gifts and flowers into the jeep and heads to the home we ve prepared for our daughters arrival .
the gardens are flower gardens .
morgen says , a new flower !
i m outside planting flowers and i hear something in the distance .
surfacing , buoyed again in physical time , he peered for counted minutes at the clinical walls , increasingly cognizant of white sheets and disinfectant , a water jug whose pretended innocence matched that of the fruit bowl , between them allowing the presence of flowers .
hours in the future , hitching north , he met rosemary on a roundabout , picking flowers , her hair tied up and her feet bare as she strolled the fresh cut island amid otherworldly traffic .
he ate the flower , did n't answer her query .
and there he d set her , propped and quiet , with her distorted spine to the weather - eaten church wall , dim face against an ancient lattice whose spindly vines might chance her pasty limbs in a month or so , whose flowers might grow in her hair .
what had brought him out here in the first place amounted to a sudden bizarre craving , a thing mostly beyond his experience , which he could not explain , but a powerful desire to have freshly cut flowers , an arrangement he 'd felt confident of gleaning , fern leaves and all , from what he now acknowledged to be a separate dimension .
you wandered the crowded balconies like mountain goats , packed the high - rise bars , arranged like gravel in flower - boxes , and clung on for dear life , no safety net to catch you if you dropped , eating the sugar glasses to boost your energy and sweating like microwaved chocolate as a result , losing what friends you may have arrived with and making fresh acquaintances this side of the oval doors , transient investments of saliva and attention you 'd shed like old skin once you were washed back outside by the flood , those lingering couples ensconced in mountain niches hosed free by cleaning ladies in full combat kit .
scherzo stood in his pluto underpants waiting impatiently for the kettle to boil , listening while host to a puzzled expression as ruth crashed out of bed and thumped a wall , disarranging more than hair , the previous night 's gig no doubt catching up with her , affecting her inner - ear as she attempted a landing beyond the security of the mattress with the flowers on .
pearce gauged her eyes , saw a nascent appreciation therein of subtler designs , a future flower of recognition , a bud presently collating the available evidence before deciding whether or not to open fully .
his breath frosted , killing flowers , the onetime research station commandant .
matthew flowers ?
mathew rene flowers , you are under arrest for ... and that 's when a cop behind steven smashed steven 's head into the hood of the car and he passed out .
i will inform master flowers that you have awoken well this morning , he said and glided away , arms stiff at his sides .
good afternoon , master flowers .
scrambling out of the car to make sure mat did n't ring the doorbell first , steven stepped on a yellow flower in the lawn by mistake but took no notice .
the casket was lowered into the ground and everybody dropped flowers in shortly after it was completely submerged .
the wisdom of the ages , nurtured from one generation to the next like some frail flower on the brink of extinction , these americans were somehow able to grasp it .
the guru composed himself and cleared his throat , then crossed his legs and got comfortable among the flowers .
the property had been absorbed by the park and marienbadstrasse turned into a walkway with flowers and benches .
from the foliage of the greenhouse she emerged like a flower .
i ve brought some flowers for julia .
well , please give these flowers to julia with my condolences .
she walked up the street marveling at how so many flowers , invisible all winter , could suddenly appear .
faulkner , whom he could not comprehend , he granted the nobel for a single line , for three words , in fact : curling flower spaces .
she is an orphan , penniless flower girl and these round gold leaves , falling by the millions in a gentle rain , are turning into coins which she catches in her apron .
i would cover his walls with pictures and have flowers .
they d walked around the house , finding frost flowers etched on the panes .
she rises out of the shining floor to greet him , a web of frost and flowers in her hair .
several blocks down he could see more lights , blooming like electric flowers .
the room , like a time capsule , with its doilies and dust - encrusted plastic flowers , exuded a kind of death beyond death , decay .
there were three very tiny rooms wallpapered with hideous flowers but so dingy and dark you could hardly see them , they looked more like stains .
he directed my attention to the mirrored dresser , the entire top of which was covered with perfume bottles , pictures in frames , miniature vases with dried flowers , brushes and combs and countless knick - knacks .
winter dreams short stories & first chapters by david l. ruggeri winter dreams by david l. ruggeri copyright 2012 by david l. ruggeri smashwords edition dedication for kelly and sean , my children , with all my love table of contents winter dreams expiation a view from the sanctuary lemmenkov 's lament from beginning to beginning radzinsky 's lunch a house in the suburbs breakdown the tenant charlie 's big trick christmas past the last christmas tree first chapters author 's note the other father everlasting in hopes of heaven the luxembourg amendment let us do evil the haunt forbidden flowers the projectionist a faint cold fear the fanatic a river of time nightangel two cats in the house winter dance for my grandfather victor sons - a - bitches !
by the second week in december , and well into the wonderful melodies of advent and christmas , the dynamic duo were ensconced back in the front pew , having once again , through some miracle , regained the flowers of springtime in their cheeks and a sprightly bounce to their walk .
regardless of his need to get back into the safety of his office , thomas took a few moments , after turning the car over to the parking attendant , to go half way down the block to the small kiosk that specialized in newspapers , a few popular magazines , and a small selection of fresh flowers .
forbidden flowers until now middle - aged walter has been satisfied to watch the school girls who giggle past his west hollywood shop , mentally selecting those who will occupy the hours of fantasy and dreams that make his mundane life bearable .
( warning : explicit material ) forbidden flowers ( chapter one ) walter the potent aphrodisiac of their adolescence runs in my veins .
i often wonder , though , what would happen if some young flower were to open herself to me , one who would freely offer -- offer without the possibility of remonstration , without the propensity of recrimination , without the possibility of prosecution ... who knows ?
basil had a desperate drive to flower , then , fail .
old - fashioned , single bloom hollyhocks were betts favorite flower ; double bloom hollyhocks were among her least favorite .
after a shower or a day or two of muggy weather , the blossoms were like the rain - soaked aftermath of a tissue flower homecoming float .
no flowers for mothers day .
can you pick us some very , very pretty flowers for dinner ?
she gave her energy , her love , her worship , her pies and cakes , her flowers , and her voice to god .
the tubes in the womans nose made a gurgling sound that drew betts attention away from the flowers .
they would bring flowers , laughter , messages of good will from neighbors .
behind him on a spit of land , which he could easily see if he chose to turn to look , bett was kneeling over a bed of flowers breaking soil or pinching buds as if nothing had happened .
in the shade , the leaves of less hardy weeds and flowers hung curled , black and limp .
even they had understood how strange it was to have summer flowers blooming on christmas day .
it might have been fifty - five degrees with green grass and flowers outside , but it had looked and seemed like a cold winter christmas inside .
he would come with flowers and she would immediately banish them .
in that room the talk was of plants , of flowers and vegetables , display and cutting gardens .
if they re more interested , they learn the differences among the varieties of a flower , dahlias , glads or , especially , roses .
one warm sunday april afternoon , while bees crazed with longing mistake lollipops and cider stains for flowers , frank bicycles over to a forlorn house in the flats .
it smells of some generic flower .
louise , the last i knew , had found work in a greenhouse and made flower arrangements for weddings and other occasions .
he and his wife lived in another bungalow on another part of the property which had its own flower garden .
her flowers , colors , life , future looked brighter than the flowers , colors , lives and future of those around her .
her flowers , colors , life , future looked brighter than the flowers , colors , lives and future of those around her .
she pried open the top flaps of one cardboard box and came face to face with her old hairbrush , her school courier bag and her ipod with sparkling flower stickers .
a tan colored chest of drawers was set up against the wall with a large oval mirror on top , along with make - up , a hairbrush , a hair dryer and an ipod covered with sparkling flower stickers .
he looked at her face through the bouquet of fresh flowers strategically positioned in the middle of the table .
these flowers are for you and your mom .
she devoted all her time to planting flowers and maintaining the garden .
a long lawn full of trees and flower beds separated the building from the sidewalk and road .
both mother and child were focused on crayons and papers spread out on the table , however , full of scribbled letters and numbers and flowers and suns .
ms.pembleton climbed out after katharyn , and they both proceeded down an aisle between two rows , the small urn and flowers in katharyns lap .
in the other , he held an empty plastic container , which had previously contained a bouquet of flowers ; a bouquet which was now laying in front of a fairly new headstone a few rows away .
whispering her step - fathers name , ms.pembleton reached out to touch the stem of a flower placed upon his grave .
he 's wondering how jalissa can possibly smell like the spices and flowers that grow on the islands .
do they make nice flowers ? ''
` ` yes , nice flowers , '' the shaman answers , ` ` but not often , and this is the wrong time of year for them . ''
he seals the specimen bag containing the flower cutting , but keeps the other one open .
it picks up the barely perceptible scent of cherry blossoms , combining it with the sweet and spicy smells of a mixture of newborn garden flowers , and spreads the smell of spring everywhere .
the scent of mixed garden flowers hangs in the air .
i do nt really know much about her , but i imagine she s one of those people who , if you walked through her home , you d find three coiled flower pots she made in college , a journal with a dozen pages of writing followed by a hundred blank ones , a couple of freezer - burned pie crusts and a lot of slightly worn shoes .
in addition , there were three new bedsone for herbs , both annual and perennial , one for cutting flowers like cosmos , daisies and zinnias , and one holding heirloom varieties of tomatoes and eggplant .
she sent me some flowers at work with a little note , we ca nt wait to see you when you get home , signed , mom and baby .
the flowers arranged in front swayed lightly as i read the inscription : lewis james anderson beloved husband , father , and citizen he touched more lives than he will ever know i expected to feel some type of sorrow or pain , but it only felt like reality was finally setting in .
but if you want to stay the rose was nothing like a flower .
table of contents how i ended up out west fat foodies no more angie maid marian my pink and black heart hi , i m roberts father there ai nt no cheeseburgers where were goin the rabbits the smell of night flowers the old guy in the waiting room the glowing beings how i ended up out west when i was fifteen two men came to the house and told my father they wanted their money .
the smell of night flowers i m 37 years old now .
i got into a routine where i would walk down to the blvd , say hi to sheryl if she was there , then turn around and walk up the darker streets around my apartment where i could smell the night flowers .
there is always a nocturne playing in the background of these dreams and when i wake up , the scent of night flowers has filled the room .
she got away for a few years after high school he smiled at me conspiratorially , this was the late sixties and she was a flower child .
she actually was living in san francisco with flowers in her hair when i tracked her down .
whether its a flower in the field or a flutter in your heart , the spring makes the soul sing .
and so with three now denied the finest flower in the court , the fool remained resolute in all he sought to report .
unsettled one , let not ye pride guide thou as a aimless dart toward the caverns of chaos beneath my naked toes , for the scorned lover often knows it from the start , because pure affection withheld always doth show the withered petals of loves neglected flowers never settles amidst a woeful wind that blows .
miles mentally steeled himself and tried to tear his eyes away , hoping to break the spell that the angelic little girl with the flowers in her hair seemed to have cast upon him .
such delicate , exotic little flowers , thought miles with a kind of detached sense of wonder as he watched the sea of chaos seem to suddenly recede from around the little girl even further as he continued to helplessly return her unwavering gaze .
such incredibly beautiful flowers , thought miles , trying to distract himself from the sickness that was besieging him as he examined the little petals that wound prettily throughout the little girls hair .
miles thought the flowers looked a bit like a white version of the buttercups he used to pick for his mother as a child when she had been sick so many years ago .
the little girl with the white , buttercup - style flowers in her hair had stopped at the base of the steps in front of miles and was looking up at him with eyes of unbelievably pure sapphire blue .
the angelic little girl , still mercilessly demanding with her incredible , sapphire - blue eyes that miles return her gaze , suddenly approached miles , coming close enough so that miles could smell the perfume of the flowers in her hair as she whispered directly into his ear .
we love you ... said the little girl , the last word trailing off like a flower caught up by the final breath of creation .
chapter 4 the beautiful little girl with the spray of pretty white - and - yellow flowers in her hair was standing quietly in miles office .
miles could smell the perfume of the flowers in the little girls hair as she guided his eyes with her breath .
miles could now really smell the light fragrance emanating from all the flowers in the little girls hair as the babe in his lap opened her eyes and reached up to grasp miles index finger firmly .
there was nt a young girl with little white flowers in her hair outside when you found me was there ?
the man in the simple white robe with the crimson sash , the beautiful giant and his fearsome companions , the little girl with the flowers in her hair , the enormous balloon , remembered miles as his recent dream began to come back to him in a flood of jumbled thoughts and memories .
despite dreams and visions about little girls with flowers in their hair and men of wisdom in crimson - sashed robes , thought miles somewhat bitterly as an image of the giant we love you balloon suddenly came unbidden into his mind once more .
he could nt quite give himself the all clear yet , not when he thought about the little girl , not when he thought he could still smell the lingering perfume of the flowers in her hair .
miles could still feel the breath of the little girl and smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers in her hair as she whispered in his ear .
and now we have angelic little girls with flowers in their hair telling me we love you while blowing bubble - gum bubbles and pretending to shoot me with toy finger guns , thought miles , careful to avoid giving voice to his thoughts in order to keep from further upsetting his wife .
he half expected the little girl with the flowers in her hair to come strolling into his office at any moment , blowing giant pink bubbles while pointing her gun at miles once more .
a little girl with tiny white flowers in her hair was in his passenger seat smiling at him .
henry could smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers in her hair as she whispered in his ear .
she leaned in close so that miles could smell the faintly familiar scent emanating from the flowers in her hair .
he had been on the brink of out - of - control disaster as he had desperately tried to maintain control of his bike in order to avoid running down the angelic little girl with the flowers in her hair .
the we love you girl , thought miles , a strong scent of fresh flowers and very pink bubble gum suddenly filling his nostrils .
she still had little yellow - and - white flowers in her hair , undoubtedly gathered from the idyllic country setting that surrounded them , and miles could smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers as ashley hugged him tightly .
she still had little yellow - and - white flowers in her hair , undoubtedly gathered from the idyllic country setting that surrounded them , and miles could smell the delicate fragrance of the flowers as ashley hugged him tightly .
no hills , no mountains , no grass , no flowers , no trees - just endlessly flat , sparkling glass that was as smooth as a newborn babys skin .
miles felt his mind reel as he watched a single white flower fall from ashleys hair , spiraling down to land gently on the hard , black marble floor .
miles could smell the delicate fragrance of the little flowers in his daughters hair as he took her in his arms and affectionately returned her embrace .
the beautiful little girl with lovely flowers in her hair blowing him kisses .
the scene reminded miles a little of the rolling grassy hills filled with flowers where he had spent time in catherines volvo .
miles went through everything his past life at the clinic , his love for his beautiful wife and daughter , his encounters with the little girl with flowers in her hair , his cosmic experiences with ashley in a sometimes fearfully black and often beautiful netherworld , and of course his delivery by immanuel in the desert .
miles thought the girl on the roller coaster looked an awful lot like another little girl he had come to know a certain angelic little girl with flowers in her hair who had a taste for bubble gum and spiritual mischief at the top of the ride , up in the air at least 20 feet from the surface of the roof , miles saw the words with which he had become so familiar .
miles could see that the window overlooked a pretty little flower garden behind the gallery .
miles lit his own cigarette and joined hobson in blowing smoke out the little window overlooking the flower garden .
we love you , echoed the words of his daughter in his mind as miles pictured ashley in his mind , once again smelling all the delicate little flowers that seemed to always adorn her hair these days .
i need a bad guy for the media to focus on , and i need someone now , thought allan as he spied a small bunch of pretty little purple flowers attempting to spring forth from a crack in the aged concrete of the driveway .
david , wherever you are , meet me out back at the entrance to the workshop , said allan slowly and menacingly as he walked over to the little purple flowers and intentionally ground them into the driveway with the heel of his treasured gucci loafers .
miles bent down to brush his hand against some particularly lovely purple flowers as he approached the little green - and - yellow cottage with the white front door , noticing absently that he was now wearing a brilliantly white t - shirt emblazoned with crimson letters .
dandelions ( or wishes as mara called them ) were flowers instead of pests .
she wore a strapless dress with a pattern like bathroom wallpaper , cream and blue flowers , sagging low enough to expose pursed , overly tan cleavage with a melanoma - worthy mole that danced on her right breast with every word .
the girl sits by herself in a patch of flowers and talks to her little cat .
he dropped the shield , flowers , costume and sword , then planted his palms in my chest and pushed .
to give her comfort was to be like danny ; our words of encouragement would be nothing but a trampled bushel of flowers .
i picked it up , opened the book , shoved the flower back inside , slammed the drawer , then bolted from the room .
he was motionless , listening , neck stretched toward the open ballroom like a flower to the sun .
she plucked a purple flower and wove it through her hair .
i wanted to grab maras wrist , tear the flowers from her arms , and get the hell out of the fair ( the street , the city , the world ) !
as she drove him to the elementary he kept her busy with silly questions about flowers and candy bars .
snickers , julia said answering with the same curtness she had used when responding to the question about flowers .
peter had set patio furniture out on the porch , and lewis had raked the leaves and dead twigs that had fallen from the enormous birch tree that loomed over the plot of ground that hannah had always meant to make into a flower garden .
chapter 10 a wall away bread baking in the oven a warm breeze blowing in the scent of flowers through the open window soft music in the background its all enough to make her forget that its a world away from home .
i spent that morning planting the flowers on the plot of dirt in front of my wifes marker .
but the next day i went back to the cemetery to water the bulbs , and the day after that i went back to the nursery to pick out another type of flower to plant .
i had soon developed the habit of going out to her marker each morning to tend the small flower garden that i d planted .
that evening i received a call from my son , who tried to explain why the cemetery could nt allow me to continue planting flowers on their premises .
the next day i watered them , and i continued to travel into the city to tend the small flower garden almost every day , staying in only to avoid inclement weather .
man , ai nt nobody in this neighborhood need flowers , the youth exclaimed .
i dug out almost all of the flowers , leaving only those that ran around the perimeter of the garden and set to work planting vegetables .
we do nt want any flowers , peter said to the funeral director .
he still visited her little flower shop every morning .
we stopped so he could pick a bouquet of flowers for her in a city park .
i drove to marys which was above her flower shop .
his tongue dipped down like a hummingbird darting into the throat of a flower , slurping up nectar .
the horses name is flower .
tight black jeans with white flower patterns sewn into the back pockets .
is that a real flower ?
did n't your mom like the flower ?
mom , with her sugar and garlic palms and her chemical - flower hair .
molly sat at her left , plucking the petals one by one from a wild flower .
alice tilted her face upwards , like a flower turning unconsciously towards the sun , hungry for it .
he opened it and there she was , standing in the gloomy hall , beaming like a flower in her butter - yellow sundress .
no flowers , not even a prepared speech , only incomplete memories , mouthful yet not enough to fill the silence .
having to interrupt his train of thought , just as it was bearing flowers and forbidden fruit , left him exasperated .
she drew back the curtains and looked out of the window across the balcony , with its unflowering plants growing in flower - pots .
chapter 9 : dreams did you dream of me i always dream of you was i touching you was i kissing you was i holding you in my arms in my dreams i am always touching kissing holding you i dream of our sharing of each other minds and bodies of the walks in the evening which spring will bring along with the flowers you love so evenings full of stars and lush kisses .
you are my spring flower , my summer day cheer .
the flowers passed like waves as i walked towards you , a slight breeze blowing your hair across your cheek , which you brushed casually away .
your eyes were alight and i all i could think was how your presence paled the flowers .
we lay in the field , the flowers our bed , and we watched the day pass us by , content in the others arms .
there were flowers and notes and donations to charities like madd , mothers against drunk drivers -- yes the other driver was under the influence of alcohol .
we are born fresh and lively yet we wither in an instant , the beauty of youth fading and becoming dry and insubstantial , like rotting petals falling from a flower long past its bloom .
there are lot lots of pretty flowers and plants in the field .
the lawn was mowed , it looked like someone planted various kinds of flowers and herbs along the perimeter of the house and around some of the large oak trees .
like a memory of a field of flowers ?
sweeping by , trailing memories of distant flowers .
he called his growing compendium elements of fiction , a survey , and he added to it daily and paraphrased montaigne almost as often : i am gathering a nosegay of other mens flowers , only the thread that binds them is my own .
looked out at the nicely manicured lawn and the several well tended flower beds , all in bloom .
charles , suddenly uncertain , looked around for somewhere to toss the flowers he still held out in from of him like a sword .
he had remembered to buy flowers , though .
he had brought flowers , and he had seemed about as contrite as hell ever be .
somewhere in his heart lingered the memories of being truly happy helping his mother planting new flowers , bushes , small trees , and then tending them and watching them grow .
i ve heard you talk to flowers , charles .
the plastic vase had come to a stop against the table leg , its dried flowers scattered on the floor .
among the petals from the wilting flowers the nice woman who said bill , bill , oh bill , had brought .
fear grew to terror , to erupt as fury : there was nowhere to run , so he ran nowhere ; there was no one to fight , so he fought no one ; but here , all around him , was anne wilson by proxy , and so he seized the edge of the heavy glass sheet that served as her desk top and which supported all of her supplies , her telephone , her flowers , her computer , her knick - knacks , and in one violent eruption , heaved to destroy .
bill thought this was funny and was laughing at her from the walls and from the ceilings , reaching for her , talons growing out of the wallpaper flowers , murderous petals .
he breathed them , sifted them , sorted them : the flowers from the trees from urine from dogs from cats from garbage from insects from grass , ground , earth , water , rust on those garage door hinges , searching all that time for that very special , for that very telling scent : the here i am , honey , waiting for you , waiting for you , come , take me .
and so she reached into the still - charred - in - places house of the still - charred - in - places harman - karman and filled him with all of her fullness of memories so old and so smoke - free that she surprised herself at the fragrance of the field , awake with flowers ; the clarity of the brook , laughing over rock and pebble ; the song of the wind and the birds upon it ; the gentle swaying of branches and leaves , sheets and sheets of leaves , which flooded and filled every last nook and cranny of harman - karmans memory and so , in a dance so thorough that it left no room for other , darker , dances , fanned ever last ember of pain from harman - karmans sight and in turn filled him with a peace so gentle it felt like being kissed by forest .
i also bought her some flowers , a great big expensive bunch of perfect roses , their petals an unusual orange , like flames .
she did nt have a vase , surely someone must have given her flowers before , my sister was the kind of woman to have admirers .
later that day , i found the prints i wanted to buy her , large fantastical flowers , coloured , but not too brightly , opening strange petals invitingly .
where re those flowers ?
what do you mean beautiful , you can hardly make out the colour , they re still closed and they smell of nothing much , never will even if they do open , hot house flowers , forced , never amount to much , that s why they were selling them off cheap .
and he had given me flowers , in his manner .
and ill throw in those prints , the ugly , great flowers i bought helena , those ornate frames all wrong for her , i could nt have been thinking clearly , in such a hurry to fill those spaces for her , those blank walls .
a day like this , dominique says , reminds her of her wedding day , a perfect day , this still heat and everything just right , a green lawn and her nieces playing in their pretty cream dresses , flowers and one of those french wedding cakes , a tower of profiteroles dripping caramel , so decadent compared to the pristine iced whiteness of the english equivalent .
behind him stood his brother , matthew , his round pale face looming , moon - like over stephens shoulder and on my side there was sarah , in some dress that looked like water , carrying a bunch of sweet smelling flowers , tuber roses and gardenias .
waiting for stephen , not understanding how the time passed , how long it could take for his dark blue car to roll smoothly down the streets , i followed the patterns with my eyes , down all the little paths they took , losing myself and having to start again , in the centre of the flower and out again down all those little coloured twists and turns .
was it the flowers that made him take so long , was he pacing up that busy street looking for the kind of newsagent that kept a bucket of seasonal flowers outside along with the piles of newspapers ?
was it the flowers that made him take so long , was he pacing up that busy street looking for the kind of newsagent that kept a bucket of seasonal flowers outside along with the piles of newspapers ?
while i had waited , curled on the bed , distracting myself with the patterns of a persian rug , stephen had searched for daffodils , buying flowers , buying some time perhaps to work out what to say to a wife with a blotchy face and swollen belly printed with a question mark .
in the childs mouth , sweetness and disappointment would mingle bewilderingly , and those flowers , wafting little gusts of spring into the heated room , would soon leave behind that peculiar smell of rot .
i could nt hear her , my mind was too full of the sun and the flower , a warm day in the garden and my sister there , a brown smudge of mud on her face .
spring flowers , easter flowers .
spring flowers , easter flowers .
a rodent scurried up and stole one of the flowers just as the untouchable boy cracked through the water pipe .
brown water spurted out , as the two sections of pipe came apart , washing away the rodent along with some of the flowers that had been scattered about the sheet next to the mans body .
somewhere in the universe , mamas soul was still intact , existing maybe as the baby to another mamaor perhaps as an annual rainy season flower , or maybe even as a bacterium adapted to subsist in deep sea high pressure vents of hot sulfur .
nonetheless , the man went on constantly in a smooth , dreamy voice about how no taste was finer than that of honey ocha from his hometown of mehta , or how the smell of the flowers in the window of his childhood sweethearts home was heavenly , or how the women in the town of medvar were incomparable to any other he d encountered anywhere .
the plane landed on time , and i stood , flowers in hand , simmering with anticipation , by the gate to greet her .
fresh sheets , flowers in two vases : one by the window , one on my desk .
because , nachiketa , you know your self as the enjoyer of the honey from the flower of the senses .
and when your story flowers in their hearts , tell them that all that is here is also there , that all that is there is also here .
the halls continued white for a while , but then gave way to wood paneling at almost the same time the antiseptic smell of the air gave way to the smells of life : smoke and flowers , exhaust and wood .
and everything leaped out at me , the trees and mail boxes , the fences , grass and flowers .
together , mr . student council , mr . headed - for - harvard ; really , the kind of person whounlike flower child torii would not have expected to be interested in this .
the flowers are wilting in the heat , which is uncharacteristically hot even by tucson standards , and then there are the children .
i opened the tidy wicket gate and walked up the flagstone path , laid out amidst the neat lawn and masses of flowers .
he told me , you know , kerem , roses are the most civilized of all flowers .
anyway , as i was saying roses are the most civilized of flowers , you know .
stone walls , clock tower , central square , symmetrically arranged lawns and flower beds , two - storey hostels with their iron - work and wooden shutters saint teresa school was a solid and orderly place .
the environment was impregnate of synthetic notes of flowers of field and everything , every thing , it resulted heavy , oppressive .
the flowers especially caught his attention ; he gazed at them longer than at anything .
and the browncoat watched this war of roses , this flower - throwing contest .
buildings sported oversized eaves , stucco , decorative shutters , pastel paint and flower boxes .
i know you feel the same way , he says.i do n't think that i need to give you flowers every day and recite poetry to you to convince you that i mean it when i say , i want to be with you .
she just spent the last hour turning over picture frames , flower vases , and knick knacks in her living room .
i leave flowers there every time i m in the city .
grace wore a navy blue day dress with small flowers .
mary ran to the door , pulled it open , and grace saw elizabeth looking left and right , jumping up and down , about to cross the street where a white horse with flowers stood waiting with a red carriage .
grace clenched her fists and put her hands on her stomach as she stared at the precious black and white pieces , the flowers now separated in the shards .
look , there are flowers on the gate .
but most of all , i think , she wants to go to the cemetery on toussaint , all saints day , and put flowers down for her husband , and her cousins husband and her friends husbands .
and flowers for nathalie .
after she paid for the bottle , she learned from the man the location of a neighborhood flower shop .
but , carolyn sighed , as she adjusted the brandy , flowers and toys to ring the bell , this is more like the real heart of paris .
are those flowers for us ?
but the flowers , mama .
anne took the flowers and beads , turned to go , then stopped and said thank you , then ran out of the room calling , papa .
at place du tertre , julia stopped to look at a painting of the window with a green frame and red and yellow flowers in the window box below it .
` ` look at the beautiful flowers down at the bottom on rue courtine .
people walking with small bags of groceries , with baked goods , with flowers .
she had her sketch pad and found she could do to trees and flowers .
as with the first class , i spent the time in the second class looking out the window , at the beautiful trees and flowers outside .
can you tell me where to send the flowers ?
but a cow , made into a pink flower , sitting on top of a green branch made out of i do nt know seaweed or maybe paper which probably would nt have any taste any way , and if it did , it would definitely be sugar free to keep the bugs away ?
maybe we are supposed to go through all this trouble learning things , breaking things , cluttering everything up and then just like that rocketing off to distant planets without cows or butter or ants or flowers , hopefully bringing some of them with us , but i know , not all of them .
i glanced at her work - in - progress , expecting to see birds and flowers .
you did nt tell us that she was a flower child , jimbo said from across the room .
it was a small building , two stories , stucco walls painted dark green , and hallways with carpets so badly worn and stained that i could nt tell whether the pattern was flowers or butterflies .
she wore a loose yellow flower - patterned skirt , a white top , and a yellow flower in her hair .
today it was a pink flower in her hair .
checking out the flower in your hair .
aunt kaytil was watering flowers in the front yard .
mother loved kaytils garden , and she would have also stared at those flowers .
there were no photos , no flowers , and no flourishes .
to be wreathed in flowers and grasses , living things wrapping round your ankles like ivy climbing ivory .
you leave the flower in the ground .
your fingers are still wrapped around the throat of the flower , it is like an anchor holding you down .
you stand and the flower is torn from the ground .
your fingers close , crush the broken flower in your hand .
send her lots of flowers .
he said , she sells flowers for a living , actually .
they were sitting out on her patio , with tiki torches burning , and fourteen different kinds of white flowers that tom could not identify , although elaine was determined to teach him , all glowing in the sunset .
asked josie , putting the finishing touches on the flowers in elaines hair .
they flooded our locker room with letters and flowers .
now , however , the whole space seemed like it was out of a home and garden magazine , with a big picture window looking out over their back yard , and two antique armoires , painted here and there by theresa with mountain scenes and tiny blue and purple flowers .
she was such a lovely , wonderful woman and i decided that i wanted to surprise her with flowers at work some time like characters in movies sometimes did .
a rain drop landed on the window and ethan saw the leaves of the plants growing wet in the flower bed .
in the foyer of the building , she stared at a pastel picture of flowers in a cheap frame , long enough that her eyes saw past the flowers into the softer focus of her own reflection and wrinkles , aging , hardening , beholding all of the undesirable things a woman can see in her face , real and imagined , upon her brow and her eyes , the corners of her mouth .
in the foyer of the building , she stared at a pastel picture of flowers in a cheap frame , long enough that her eyes saw past the flowers into the softer focus of her own reflection and wrinkles , aging , hardening , beholding all of the undesirable things a woman can see in her face , real and imagined , upon her brow and her eyes , the corners of her mouth .
hands scrabbled for stones in ancient flower beds .
he was forced to sit at the roadside whilst they passed , they were loaded to the gunwales with grey slates ; gaily painted flowers bedecked everything moveable with intricate blossoms and bouquets , one of the bargeman was singing men of harlech in a deep welsh accent .
this calls for flowers , she says .
five dollars is enough to buy four roses at the flower store on jackson avenue , with 13 cents change .
i enter the room , flowers hidden behind my back .
somehow , even amy comes jostling into my reverie , unbidden , as clamor sings on : hell bring you flowers and paint the town with another girl he s a sweet - talkin , sweet - talkin , sweet - talkin guy !
discussing flower arrangements for the rehearsal dinner .
i shudder to think how long it will take to select the flowers for the altar and for the reception .
it occurs to me , on my way to north lamar , that mrs . foster deserves some token of apology for last weeks misunderstanding , so i stop at the florist on jackson avenue , and ask what kind of flower is good for an expression of sincere repentance .
several cars even slow down to take in the sight of me , this scarecrow hippie carrying a giant flower to the front porch of a mansion whose owners , if they have any sense of self - preservation , should probably be calling the sheriffs office at this very moment .
all you peaceniks , beatniks , flower children , artful dodgers , radicals , dropouts , kooks , loners , and weirdoes .
alma ( brushing her hair behind the flower in her ear ) : it made me wonder- if men ignored all subsequent work since the greeks , since their birth , they could essentially direct their lives in any direction , without the influence of culture .
her radiant smile , the flower in her hair , her striking dark eyebrows , sweet sapphire eyes , and even the thin penumbra of bristles over her lip- alma wore white , as anika never would .
kane lifted the flower and brushed alma 's hair behind her ear , picking her chrysanthemum to replace it with his fresh blue wildflower .
alma somehow defied the logic of the wild , as she had soft skin that smelled like flowers .
pour water and alcohol into the jar until it covers the flowers .
kane smiled at the water and the flowers hanging over the fall , brushed by serene sunlight .
she placed an identical flower in his ear .
there had always been a flower tucked neatly behind her ear , but now her ear felt naked and she was too tired to voice a request .
her ear felt naked without a flower tucked behind it , but she was born naked and she 'll die naked too .
he tucked the flower behind her ear .
fixing the flower in the sand , patting the earth around the stem , he kissed the violet goodbye .
though the sun was high , there was a mystic breeze that surrounded the violet , vivifying the flower on a patch of land where all else seemed dead .
hank approached the flower .
she was hank 's love , his life and his flower .
she holds a flower pot .
she hands you a flower and her touch is a kiss , the power of love pulsing in your hand and it says what all language amounts to .
jim , there s a flower box .
when it gets warmer , we can open the windows and enjoy the flowers blooming .
it had different kinds of daisies , roses and other flowers in it .
the clay was covered in dirt and it had rolled over several flowers .
she pretended to have made some friends and told her mother that the lavish dinners and flowers she came home with were presents from suitors .
presents from mother nature herbs , roots , oils , and flowers are amazing friends from mother earth and just like everything natural , the government tries its very best to controli ca nt really go there !
whoever it was fired a second time , but this time a beautiful yellow flower of energy formed inches from clints middle .
two more shots struck their protective shield , and another pair of flowers ( both a dusty lavender ) bloomed .
i wonder if vincent helped with any of the flowers ?
something reminiscent of the flowers aeris had grown in the slums .
it is challenge enough being by your side when your breath smells of honey and your hair of flowers -- must you also tear at each lash which restrains my desire ? ''
the thought drifted through her fogged mind as she placed the flower on the black tombstone .
bumble bees began buzzing around the garden , happily flying past the man and faerie , dancing from one flower to the next .
imitating the dress of vedruss children , she wore a simple , knee length tunic , belted at the waist , and she had woven flowers into her braided hair .
she spoke of her favorite flowers in the garden and described the sunlight glittering on the pond where swans sailed elegantly throughout the day .
i do nt know what it is , but i ve heard the sound of birds and i ve smelled flowers coming through the ventilation system .
i feel like you know that story where a fish jumps out of a lake and sees trees and flowers and mountains , and then goes back into the lake and tries to describe what he saw to the other fish , but they do nt understand because they have no frame of referencei do nt even know where to begin .
i had no idea why he was there , nor why he was carrying flowers , but he asked me to come outside with him .
then his eyes did soften a bit , like he had caught a slight fragrance from the flowers and mistook it for the smell of my perfume .
` ` oh , what flowers of delight ! ''
get rid of all this stuff , '' he motioned around towards all the trees and bushes and flowers .
` ` the crews themselves often give the initial impression of flowers , for with their brilliant robes and exquisite headdresses they look not unlike the individual petals of an elaborate tropical plant or feathers constituting the plumage of a very rare and exotic bird . ''
she casually picked one of the long - stemmed flowers and tossed it to him .
harry caught the flower with practiced precision as if his entire life had been mere preparation for this single exchange .
they traveled quickly and harry was glad because the heady aroma from the flowers was about to make him ill . as they walked , the landscape appeared to slide beneath them effortlessly and yet it was obvious to him that his feet were on the ground because whenever he turned to look back over his shoulder , he saw his footprints following .
i did nt remember her so much as i did her forest of brightly colored glass flowers that took up every spare inch of the house .
she simply wanted to polish her glass flowers , talk to her pets , and play old - fashioned games like chinese checkers , parcheesi , and a card game called old maid .
while holding the flower to her nose , she fixed me with a look that turned my knees to mush and walked over to me .
she turned away and picked her flower back up , again drinking in its aroma .
growing up i had always thought aunt louise was clueless and lost in her own little world of glass flowers .
she held the flower to her nose as she walked up to me .
lily-2 stood there , her hands awash in blood , one of them gripping a shard from a broken glass flower .
while lily put her nose to the flower and read the card , he popped the cork and poured two glasses to toast their marriage .
our wedding date was four months away , in june , and she had flower samples covering the coffee table , dining table , a couple chairs , and much of the floor .
like a garden of my favorite flower .
their twins , edmund and lucy , were our ring boy and flower girl .
i fingered one of her favorite glass flowers that she had taken with her to the hospice .
it seemed she did nt want her beloved pets being raised by lyle , and she hoped i d take them into my home along with a few of her oldest , most favorite glass flowers .
evelyn and cain joined me in a small private memorial service , placing a photo of aunt louise sitting happily amongst her glass forest , the silver - framed portrait surrounded by several of her oldest , most favorite glass flowers .
welcome back , i said , giving him a hug on the porch , and then moving on to greet his wife joy and their twins , our former ring boy and flower girl , now sixteen - year - olds edmund and lucy .
the wind played with evelyns hair as she squinted into the wind and the setting sun , staring at the gravestone as her fingers brushed back and forth through the petals of flowers we d brought .
her fingertips left the flowers and rested on the headstone .
there was a strange car in ricks driveway , a volkswagen with a flower on the antenna .
i thought , flowers and petals ?
there was a gentleness , as of flower petals blooming to the sunlit world , that shaped the propinquities between young people who were discovering love , and their own entry into newer maturities .
picking a white flower adorning her hair , as a keepsake , before leaving for the airport .
she made visits to the marketplace a few mornings out of every week , even if she was only going to pick out fresh flowers , but she no longer rushed through her browsing and purchasing to keep from creating a stir .
i might have thought it romantic if i had nt been grieving , and he said the flowers were for my grief , even though i knew they were for more than that , and he did nt know i was grieving for more than a lifelong friend .
trees stood stoically , unmoved , but flowers waved ever so slightly as the gentle breezes carried dandelion seeds to their destinations .
i yet remember the elders of feallengod , long years ago , calling the island just a shadow of the glories of ggnian , though as a child , enamored of the bugs and flowers , i never truly imagined how they could speak truth in the matter .
cirice , the flower of feallengod manhood ; even he deserts .
the emails shed discovered had proven differently , had portrayed her husband as a person shed barely glimpsed 15 years before , back when he d taken her for rides in his beat up chevy nova , had occasionally presented her with a handful of roadside flowers and had even , the summer they d spent apart while she interned at smith barney and he was a page on the senate floor , written her a few letters .
she yanked them from their crystal vase and carried all twenty - four flowers , stems dripping , petals falling , to the stainless steel bucket on the counter .
tucked into a rose - colored recliner in her mothers house that swirled with a miasma of mint , flowers , and vaseline intensive care lotion , cece attacked her laptop .
i imagine us going until we find a little mom and pop hotel , maybe with some flowers parked out front and doughnuts in the lobby for breakfast .
everything about this placeattendants and waiters in their red , gold - trimmed suits , old paintings and white linen in the main dining room , bouquets of fresh - cut flowers in the restroomsseemed to evoke a grand mood .
a whiff of her moist skin whisked past me and blew out the window ; her sweat smelled like pollen from a fresh flower .
witchy aura , youthful artist , magic flower .
anger rose up inside him and he pounded his fist on the table , knocking over the mason jar that held flowers from hannahs garden .
and some of the flowers and plants on the trail shed seen in vases at the grocery store .
i d love to sow seeds here that would bloom into a grand display of flowers .
there would only be flowers picked from a friends garden , no flower girl , no open bar , a dj playing old standards but no band .
there would only be flowers picked from a friends garden , no flower girl , no open bar , a dj playing old standards but no band .
one who might be as likely to encourage her to go out and smell the flowers , to turn off all the devices and take pleasure in the natural world too .
jackie opened the trunk and handed bunches of flowers to tony and jj .
jackie reached for the flowers and tossed some of those too .
cotterel , here we come , i said , hoping to divert attention away from my flower power appearance .
from the beanbag where i lay , i watched her fussing about a flower display .
outside on a broad sill there was a potted flower plant .
i remember her laughing as she told me the story because it became so commonplace for him to bring out a basket of food and she would always act surprised and throw up her hands which made them both burst out laughing ; and him , he wanted so much to make every moment special that he began hiding the picnic blanket , and then a set of candles , and then a bouquet of flowers , and then two chairs to sit on , she said it was just hilarious and she loved it because he just had to make every moment special .
as you can see dan sent me some flowers as a thank you for a wonderful couple of days we spent together .
changing out of her loungewear she caught a sniff of her beautiful flowers as she locked the room and went down to the restaurant for her favorite meal of the day .
i remember katie was so excited because she was going to be the flower girl and she just loved dressing up in fancy clothes , the fancier the better .
lucky girl , you modern sappho to take the quantum leap like a comet to take your place among the darkest regions of empty space with a brilliance that few can keep and even less the mind to know where no dull planet can perturb you as fallen flowers have no faces .
my new boyfriend call this fancy flower shop in port - of - spain , and they say they could make leis for us out of a special type of pink and white frangipani that does only grow in hawaii .
i told her to get some school children to string some flowers together if she wanted leis , but she said she wanted it done professionally .
whoever hear of people wasting flowers to put around people neck , at a trinidad wedding ?
why we have to wear these flowers ?
voices elevate and faces flush at any moments delay or scent of a mistake anyone could do this and they make sure to let you know batterdipbatterdrop the only reason you re here is because you fucked up somewhere along the line you know you re an idiot because the customer is always right and the flower caked sweat on your face tells them you enjoy being insulted poking the stubbled chin over his shoulder , he loudly whispers can you believe the morons they hire at these places ?
flowers are all over the goddamn place , smells like , well , a french perfume factory .
julia gazed over the railing , not much to see but scattered clotheslines , patches of vegetables and flowers , and the occasional small tree .
in many ways , they were each others mirror image : cassandras tough exterior disguised a sensitive , easily injured psyche , while cary appeared as gentle as a flower child but underneath was steely and firm .
i think i m going to sell him some mustard flower , how are things going for him ?
behind her a large framed picture of the fuensanta with a flower held between the frame and the wall , the virgins face radiant and beautiful inside a gold circle , her head crowned and the infant jesus warm in her hands .
i stared ahead , afraid of the eyes upon me , back in the world without the drums , time had bloomed on the windy and chilly beach , sprouting limbs and flowers through and around the moment only to be whisked away with the snap of a drum .
he turned to the dunes and he began to walk up the beachback through the sway of cattailsback between the low lying flowers in the bayberry brush .
he then went to his mothers grave , formed a cross , and placed wild flowers at the site .
well plant trees and flowers along the stream and use the running water to irrigate them and add beauty to the hacienda .
it would be good to have flowers , trees , and shrubs growing along the new stream .
once , she was in the royal orchards playing with flowers , birds and small animals who all enjoyed her company .
you know utta , a lover says to his beloved , my dear , i would pluck the moon and stars and stitch them on your silk bodice , i would buy all the flowers of the world and pour them on your feet .
why ca nt he say , my love , join me , be in my arms so that together we see the beauty and exuberance of the beautiful moon and stars , come and breathe the fantastic fragrances of the rose , the different flowers that god has been so kind to bestow us with ... let us pray together , thank god for such joys in our lives and beseech his blessings for making us togetherallowing us the satisfaction .
every life , every life experience is like a flower .
from april until the day they left for maine , claude practiced fishing in the back yard , hooking flowers , leaves , and the back of his own head twice , but even the occasional self - catch did nt dissuade him from casting and reeling and casting and reeling again .
paint peels curled from the garage door , exposing the wood beneath it , and blue window boxes held mildewed dirt but no flowers .
tom picked one of the wet - the - bed flowers that grew amongst the long grass and held it under my chin .
instead , i snatched the flower from his hand and tucked it behind my ear .
heed the flowers , bush and tree by the lady blessed you ll be .
though he never left her , the charms of julie seemed to have wilted fast as flowers once montausier had won her .
he would stand in the doorway as she draped her arm around him and kissed him into their weekend getaway , and then with a flourish he would produce the flowers from behind his back , seeming almost to her as if he had produced them from his sleeve .
lucinda drifted back into the spacious room with the coffin , flowers , muted religious music and heartbroken guests .
sonny ran his black and decker fourteen - inch grasshog weed whacker around the perimeter of mrs . shamirs flower beds .
perhaps a bouquet of cut flowers or dozen roses .
no longer like drying clay his organs came back to life like flowers soaking the soils summer rain .
look i got flowers , he said waving a bunch he d concealed under one arm .
i figured you d be okay if i came round here with flowers and his voice trailed off as he stepped towards her releasing the knot that held her towel around her .
i m sorry about the flowers too .
still shed accepted his flowers and had nt ditched him .
for linda comparing families to prides of lion sparked images of men being as scarce as flowers in the desert .
how sad the way the female flower fades so quickly .
this is the beauty of a new world this cold beauty which will bury you in snow and ice and grow yellow flowers on your grave life is hard here the people who live here are hard their spines curved their crag - rough faces set into the stereotypical form the rustic upstate the nature - lovers the snarled addicts the wild - eyed teachers of this academic heart beating in the wilds of the state .
she stood up , swaying in front of him , a tantalizing lotus flower of a girl .
in that last moment before her face vanished , it came to the professor that she looked almost exactly like his mother once had , lifetimes ago in the flower of her distant youth .
died with grace and dignity , crumpled like an old flower into her lover 's arms .
on that particular occasion , i must have seemed to him like a flower amid an overgrowth of weeds a rare and delicate species requiring special nourishment .
he was oblivious of the colorful get well cards and flowers well - wishers had dispersed around the room .
all was still : a secondhand couch with orange flowers sat empty , the crocheted blanket that draped the back of it was folded in exactly the same way as yesterday , even his half - smoked cigarette from the previous morning lay undisturbed .
he watched the people begin their days , each one of them different : the young family in the upper left corner balcony always opened the window and played music in the mornings , the single guy in the right corner balcony liked to smoke in his underwear , the middle - aged woman with the bright red hair in the center balcony always had a coffee or two while watering her flowers .
rod suppressed the desire to make a flower pot men comment , but could not suppress his smile .
i had been confined to my boring bedroom with its new , plain , dull , cream - coloured , girly - style embossed wallpaper and flower patterned curtains .
the piece boasted various shades of purple , with each forming the national flower of martinique .
i would have everything complete , shrubberies and flower - gardens , and rustic seats : but it must be done without my care .
` ` i sat in the flower - garden , while fanny cut the roses ; and very pleasant it was , but very hot . ''
she made no effort to stay clear of glen either , sunbasking fully clothed on the lawn or puttering around the uncared - for flowerbeds bordering the neighbor 's fence : the girl had a thing for puny flowers , weeds , and dirt .
recalling this , glen panicked : did that explain japan 's unusual interest in his flower beds ?
sex with doris keppler was flowers , it was rainbow colors .
it was also big and quiet and lovely in the rain and the snow and the sun , among the trees and the flowers and head stones carved with the hard - edged ironies of life .
the famous photo the young photographer took was of anthony standing beside his wife as he howled with laughter as she was bent over with her head buried in the soap suds looking like one of those painted folk art cut outs some people put in their flower beds .
we had an exciting little present and it might have gone on for a while , but all these hearts and flowers have ruined it .
when she drove away he stood there alone in the parking lot lights , the flowers in his hands a deserving tribute for the bravura performance of his life .
when he pressed himself down into her like a thick slug on a flower , she could feel his weight crushing her body and feel him begin to explore her unpainted torso with his mouth and then go lower and feel his hands moving over her body , covered in paint , slick and wet , and she thrashed harder trying to heave him up away from her and she swore at him as she never swore in her life , calling him every kind of filthy name she could think of , names coming through her tears and heaving lungs , and he kept moving , sometimes sliding up over her and he would look in her eyes and listen to her screaming filthy names at him and he would smile .
the first stop was allen gardens and all the flowers and orchids and big leaved palms that made christmas into a jungle .
unlike everyone else who always tried to talk to david , eugene had invariably spent his time with his son following wherever david led , crawling through flower beds , pouring fruit from baskets and bushels , milling about with the two big old dogs , walking aimlessly from one place to another .
i m starting to feel like a wall flower .
had he meant little david , his face in flowers , his face to the ground , his eyes following her everywhere , expressionless and inaccessible .
amanda carried the flower pot awkwardly out of tundras cage as laura followed her daughter , closing the gate as she was instructed to do , leaving the on the light for tundra .
unlike the roses that came from flower shops , the roses that rosie grew and bred in his green house were a mixture of antique roses that went back more than a century .
no card came with the flowers and so they were not sure that it was nt tom who had put them there , and laura only learned later in the day that they were intended for her , so in that moment of indecision and mixed feelings they just smiled at one another and said how beautiful the roses were , that they had never seen such roses for sale .
after the sweet high voices and the fiddles and the traditional ballads and the infectious plaintive feelings of the old celtic songs , hair came on with the raunchy , raucous rock and roll explosive power of the rich middle class flower that it was .
bridgets pride was all on the dark side of the room in the woodland wild flowers and her greatest pride was the lady slipper orchids that grew on one shelf after another .
the sumac tea had a strange distant sweetness that poured from the big thermos like the distant sweetness of the hepatica flowers pushing thorough the leaves there beside them .
the grass in the meadow turned green , as did the woodland moss , and then yellow coins of dandelion flowers scattered their treasure through the pastures .
i was hoping to see your flowers .
to rosies incredible flowers .
the seeds were then raised to see what the new variety would become , but it was nt too long into the lecture before rosie could see that he had lost laura to the smell of the one single flower in her hand .
its such an irony that we began as flower children wanting sex , music and cheap drugs , and ended up addicted to work like our parents .
he even sent old pressed flowers to put in between the pages .
and then christa told the one terrible secret she had never told another human being , and miss brown sat and listened and opened her heart like a flower .
the flowers of passion were full - blown in both of them .
she would lie in a casket surrounded by flowers in a somber , big room with plush chairs and polished furniture .
the flowers and grasses in the early summer had gone to seed and the cottonwoods exploded and there was snow in summer in drifts along the beach .
when the crowd finally began to open like a flower , laura went to anthony again , and everyone was shocked when she took him in her arms and kissed him passionately , the right on the mouth .
her only relief from her household chores was the time she spent in her gardens around the house ; gardens that for most of the year were filled with vibrant colorful flowers that she watered and nurtured under her watchful eye .
mom works on her flower gardens almost every day out there and all her supplies are kept in the shed .
the pierrot , the flower , the fox , and the face : four silent partners look to the sky , as stars fade into the backdrop of morning the sanguine moon receded from sight , until only darkness remained .
assuming her often - absent sister would fail to notice , sepia gave the servants permission to take half of these flowers from the greenhouse .
the woman 's purse strap had stayed hooked in the crook of her arm throughout the flight , and the bag 's contents spilled onto the street when she hit the pavement , catching the attention of a tall , burly man who was buying flowers at the edge of the bank of america plaza on the southeast corner of kearny and california .
he does not glance across the street at the bank of america building and so finds nothing remarkable in the lethargic movements of the flower seller and the crowd still gathered around the kiosk at the corner of the plaza .
chapter eleven : lotus flowers are bitter i did nt care what anyone on campus thought anymore and started wearing black again .
the bathroom , decorated with dried flowers , was lit by gray hallway light .
a soft breeze dampened by early flowers rushed by as we left campus .
when one had a garden , one had to weed it , and rake the dead leaves , and clean up all the fallen petals after the flowers bloomed and died .
they re my favorite flowers , but they wo nt come up until late summer , so i have some iris bulbs mixed in .
i m just showing sophie my flowers !
he doubted nothing , questioned nothing , and was simply counting the days until my graduation , when he assumed i would be ready at last to stroll down the aisle with a pretty bouquet of flowers in my hands .
my attention floated to all the flower arrangements on the windowsill , and those on the far table .
but once in a while , she would appear as we cleared the trees , sunning , watering flowers , or lying in the hammock .
another night he brought flowers and she thanked him , put them in her basket on the bike and rode away .
he 'd added his own signature : a steel flower bloomed out of the grate .
the kind of flower that might exist on another planet : beautiful but dangerous .
you might not remember anyone explaining it , but you know it the way children see the evil in the man with the candy , the way geese know to fly south , the way flowers turn to the sun .
then she said , ` ` you left me flowers . ''
she paused and looked around , found the flower heads arranged in a tidy row at the top of the staircase down to the lobby .
` ` have you guys been messing with my flowers ? ''
he tossed aside a dangerous looking chrome flower , which set the dry grass smoldering .
i have a recurring fantasy that that i will place a lotus flower garland around the mr . rodgers statue that is near the stadiums .
then , a reporter for the newspaper will happen by , and that person will take a picture , and somebody will see the picture , and that person will do some research about mr . rodgers and lotus flowers .
i ask that is my flower vase says the man i presume to be craig clever i say the rose died .
your name came up in the course of an investigation , and we would like to talk to you a little bit says detective flowers .
they sit down and detective flowers places a manila envelope in front of him .
i asked you a bunch of times when we were in the car , and you promised that you would tell me when we got here the men look at me for a while , and then detective flowers takes a drink from a styrofoam coffee cup .
he asks no , but you could tell me why i m here so then , detective flowers opens up the manila envelope and removes a large photograph and places it in front of me .
i say how about before that says the other detective when did you physically see it last when i left it along side building 1 in gateway center early this morning the men look at each other , and then fall silent for a moment , then , detective flowers says about what time was that ?
asks detective flowers no ?
i guess i just do nt think of things that way well , you should start says detective flowers there were a lot of people scared to death out there today seriously , wow .
lighten up , flower child .
in the center sat a matching vase , holding five stems of red stars , a cheerful flower with six delicate and bright pink petals .
he knew that flowers would soon appear and offer their thanks to the one who cared enough to plant them , nurture them , and water them .
he just likes his flowers .
the serpentine narrow road , which leads to the ashram , has bushes and trees laden with flowers on both sides , which she does not recognize .
all around us the heads of the brilliant yellow flowers bobbed dumbly in the breeze .
they would buy mexican paper flowers and display them around their houses , or tin masks of mayan gods on their patio walls , but they might not respect the buckled sidewalks of nogales .
all across the fabric of the old ladys red cotton dress , chubby mexican jugs filled with black carnations danced the cha - cha with antic , mustard - colored swirls , but the dress was so rumpled by her slumping posture that it looked instead as though a mound of broken crockery and burnt flowers had buried her .
flower , as we named her , crept around her plastic bowl patiently enduring her life spent underneath a shell painted red with a pink rose .
it was a well - attended service in the alley , and afterwards we played wagons to get our minds off the terrible thing we had done to poor flower .
a handful of crocuses and daffodils just the pale green stems not the flowers yet had poked through the thawed soil in a flower pot next to the bakery .
a handful of crocuses and daffodils just the pale green stems not the flowers yet had poked through the thawed soil in a flower pot next to the bakery .
europa the beautiful daughter of the king of phoenicia was gathering flowers , when she saw a bull quietly grazing with her fathers herd .
when europa reached to place flowers on his horns , he suddenly bounded in the air and carried the weeping princess far off across the mediterranean sea to the island of crete .
the space was arranged like a swanky restaurant with a centerpiece of fresh - cut flowers on each table .
a flower bed that might have last been weeded when bush was president .
the bright kitchen overlooking the garden , such a wealth of food and flowers .
the flowers , the foot massages , thewhat else ?
i run my fingers along the prepared flowers , searching for imperfections .
i drop the flower i was inspecting and walk to the back door and push it open .
i take the flowers into the kitchen , where i ve already set the small table for our dinner .
i thought the flowers were my present .
you smell like clean sheets and flowers , he murmurs .
and the texts between her and max are so damning that i want to wilt like an unwatered flower in the hot sun .
yes , answered the farmer , a flower girl she may well have been , but she had one rose in her little basket .
he walked from one street to another and at all the curbstones stood flower girls , but they wore crude buckled shoes and shouted out their merchandise for sale .
it seemed to be a flower girl , said the host .
an abundance of flowers , such as the two had never seen before , covered the ground here and there ; but all of these flowers were wilted and fragrantless and seemed to have been , during the height of their flowering , hit by the deadly heat .
sometimes she picked one of the flowers that sprouted up beside her , and she put it in her or the girls hair .
thousands of flowers bloomed everywhere , even violets and maililien , maren noticed , and other flowers whose time was really long past because they were unable to grow in the vicious heat .
thousands of flowers bloomed everywhere , even violets and maililien , maren noticed , and other flowers whose time was really long past because they were unable to grow in the vicious heat .
again she tore her hands apart from each other , and where the spraying drops touched the earth , there sprang up new rose scents , and a play of colors from fresh , never - before seen flowers pressed themselves sparkling from the lawn .
just the mention of gardening reminded me that i needed to check if my sister had ordered the flowers we needed for a few extra arrangements .
being that sara and i owned our own flower shop , the indoor wedding would have the feel of being inside a fragrant garden , yet without the san francisco chill casting its icy breath on us .
* * * * he had walked into my flower shop , lost among the cases of roses and lilies behind the glass .
most of my walk - in customers were men , searching for flowers because they were brand new in a relationship and wanted to impress their girl , or because they had messed up and were looking for the quickest way out of the dog house .
i was nt sure why i was letting this get to me , but hearing that the flowers were for his wedding was a shock , as if the distance between having a girlfriend and planning a wedding should make a difference to me .
i shook my head , in part from the sheer relief that it was nt his wedding , but also at the absurdity of finding the right flowers with what i had on hand in the store .
i asked him as i took a quick glance at the flowers that lined the walls , searching for some miracle of inspiration .
the selection i held was rather slim since most of my flowers were ordered ahead of time and spoken for .
they say its my job , i teased , placing the flower on the counter and starting on the other boutonnires , giving the groomsmen a simpler white flower in matching contrast to the more elaborate boutonnire of the groom .
i gave him a few basic instructions on the care of the flowers so that they d keep until the ceremony , and then completed the paperwork with the final price .
a few of my regular customers from the flower shop chatted among each other , reaching out to my sister from time to time to offer their condolences or a memory they had of me .
megan , the older of the two at five years old , wore the flower girl dress we had picked out months ago .
honestly sara , i could teach you a thing or two in your little flower business .
how about the flower shop ?
hey , how s the flower shop doing these days ?
with thoughts leaning toward black and white checkered floors and a walkway lined with flowers , john headed out of the apartment and toward his car in the covered parking lot .
i spend most of my time here taking care of them , even with the flower shop !
they made small talk while they waited for their drinks , discussing the kids and how fast they were growing , and chatting about the flower shop and some office gossip at his job .
most flower shops in town were closed on sundays and mondays .
it seemed that even in the poorest of times , people still needed flowers to say what they could nt with words .
not even sara was in sight , leaving john alone in a room of flowers .
the room seemed smaller than he remembered , encased by flowers on the walls and in buckets around the shop .
she was adorably flustered as she tried to help me with some last minute flower needs .
john would nt find out until after they were married that she worked for a month at a flower shop , filling in when the owners sister died .
a mountain towered over a lake , a waterfall streaming down its side and creating a luscious fog that misted over a garden holding every flower i had ever seen in my life .
android x grates across corroded ground , losing a few bolts and screws in his search for the source of sound , only to find the tree of knowledge blooming its sunset flowers as it does every night , yes , every night he comes but every night his memory fails him .
she even helped the young princess pick flowers for her mother .
well - this episode is given as the reason why the old bugger did nt leave mum anything in his will and i always feel so guilty each time it comes up - which it does fairly regularly - that i go out and buy ma a bunch of flowers .
jupeli and his parents had been busy preparing the church in the afternoon and luisa showed polly the wonderful flowers which her mother had spread around the altar area .
you have a right to be whatever you want , but brother talk to me cuz i ' ve got an ear , been there before and even if my girl is n't walking out the door that does n't mean i ca n't relate with a heart growing hard and learning to hate so let 's have a talk , straight from the heart you know that 's where all the big steps start and it 's not hopeless , you 're not alone what 's it going to take to break the heart of stone that has you standing there like a petrified tree what is it brother , just talk to me yes it 's true , just as i said no it 's not true you 'd be better off dead there are many good things coming your way just as sure as the night is followed by day so look to the stars or the shimmering sea what is it brother , just talk to me old souls you ve got to be cool enough to kill old enough to know where the road gets rough and where the flowers grow with a hand held out for cutting your lips pressed against her heart between arkansas and saturday it seemed like the place to start so i told you all my memories the human history of good and bad then you told them back to me in a tone that was so sad i can not hear anyone ever again ` ` happiness , the rose , '' you laughed ` ` hell , a hecklers scorn '' i loved you standing over me like the morning i was born so i let you use me terribly beautifully in black with the whip of satans heaven cracking at my back still you told me all your memories of your mother and your dad then i told them back to you in a tone that was so sad you said you could n't love anyone ever again though that was then , the song says yet were here again tonight laughing like two lunatics and fighting just to fight but when the stone of beggars bed falls back into the sea yes in that little cove , by that little cave my little dove come back to me he was the saddest man to walk the earth storm clouds forming at his heels and tambourine and tantra girls whirling down the street like sawdust wheels the carpenter , the music said the wind , the carpenter lushly bled this bed we lay upon tonight , my love will never be the same again laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing laughing , laughing , laughing all the way song of the sun there s music in the forest and i m moving to it woke early this morning like i already knew it blonde haired lady wearing a veil of black if i go to her now , i doubt ill be coming back there s beauty in the places forgotten by men the ladies love me , and lord i love them as we turn our backs on the bloody battle of doom and i do nt give a damn about who does what to whom then the women whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the world 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the women on the stairway back to god meanwhile as the sun is setting on the sea there s a black eyed angel rising right through me i m going to follow that star , if i have to give up the ghost take all my treasures and find a cave on the coast o glory of elijah , of samson , and moses i want to gather all that glory along with the roses falling down on me wet , the dew of light and grace there s a girl named sarah kissing up and down my face then the angels whisper , friend its time to go but only heaven knows where the wind might blow i ' ve just been touched by the lord 's most tender thought now i ' m dancing with the angels on the stairway back to god o life i d forgotten it could be so full i grab the beast by the horns and then i ride the bull i can toss a tiger in the mighty strength of the lord all i need is the spirit breathing in the blade of my sword o holy hallelujah how i praise you christ you re my music in the morning and my light at night with you by my side there s nothing that ca nt be done since its in my mind now i m gon na ride on the wings of the sun show the whole damned world how it was meant to be sung space soldier space soldier understood by few not really liked by the ones that do he 's looking down from a different point of view never knowing but he wishes he knew the answers to questions few dare to ask finding these answers is his ultimate task flying through space , he whispers and moans all by himself but he 's not alone space , space soldier strange joe as a child the boy had a vision since that time he has n't felt much like living in the world that denies him the star that once gave light to his cold dark heart ` ` was it an angel , or was it the devil ? ''
so now we drink of this life 's joy and sorrow with cheerfulness and pride till we 're all out of day and we 're all out of night yes , we 're all out of day , my love for the good lord is our light own up to it who is this gorilla and why is this sad fellow searching for a flower that last night fell upon the floor ?
natural grace a womans body knows the struggle hands deep in the soil know the same there s a wisdom that warfare lends to the soul and then selflessly draws back again but none of these touch or even come close to the lovely you look on this night more than a likeness to dawn or new birth just the moment the whole world went quiet a curly - haired boy , my son plays in the sand his mother knows his story by heart i was parking the car but there was no space so i earned a ticket and heard a dog bark its really not news to say ' this country is dead ' or to hear a pure saint curse the light but it was nt like anything i ever heard sung just the moment the whole world went quiet there s a grace in the way the tide tumbles down this grace you ca nt trace , not at all not even a prayer you can point to or say since she kisses you after the fall so it happened that i was not hungry or angry not dreaming abyss or great height just sitting there idle , loving and laughing the moment the whole world went quiet a father 's farewell if they leave you alone to compose this song thank the good lord for everything gone wrong like the loss of your wife the dream of girls and boys in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice if they throw you a bone and say , ' go break a leg ' pretend for them my friend that you were born to beg then laugh until it 's true ' life is nothing more than toys ' in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the bloodbath if the bullets are made of gold when the best you can do in all the world is orgasm and grow old and that 's hardly as lovely as learning how to fly in that day my son be glad that you can die then if your artwork strikes back screams just like a bitch and in spite of your silent prayers you get filthy rich well that 's alright too sometimes god likes to make noise in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice but when your hand starts to wither and your nightmares remark ` ` the human race is only hopeful when left out in the dark '' remember our conversations as if you really had a choice in that day my son rejoice , rejoice , rejoice because there 's beauty in the forest if the forest is pure flame when the least of these in heaven walk tall and without shame and that 's so much sweeter than learning how to cry in that day be glad my son you will never have to die all the time it would be nice to know what i did wrong since i m trying to sing your favorite song but you never shoot straight from the hip so pin your lips with butter clips pretend were on the up and up ill love you till its time to start again but if i mispronounce the place where i first saw your face or confuse you with another or a dog pardon me , i m not all here and i do nt know the meaning of fear i tell it like it is all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your death and dancing never suited us like making love on the bus bumping where we should of learned to fly so you said you were happier in the midst of the blur brought on by a drug and something else but when we tried to recreate the event at the end of the night we were all spent then we both agreed it could never be the same still we tried time and again until the beginning of the bitter end and crying i laughed you to sleep all the time all of the time all of the time all of the time i m nothing less than a shadow of your life and hate and fear and hope and lust and trusting all that never was waiting in vain for what had come and gone rocking to the melody but no longer just in our sleep we both sang deep and let let it be all of the time all of the time all of the time you 're nothing more than a shadow of my dream sour grapes you give me a vineyard , babe i 'll give you a grape you give me a kiss , just then i may love you all my days i do n't mean to suggest that that was a test i ' m simply trying to invest in what i know is safe because i gave my last lass my last dime and that dame left the state before i became irate sour grapes but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you give me a drum roll , darling i 'll bust a rhyme out on your beat clap your hands , laugh , stamp and dance then i must admit i ' ve been left with two left feet and my dancing days are through sour grapes girl i thought you knew but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to meet if you keep up that drum roll , baby i do n't mind if you do although i ' m deaf , dumb and mute i can see - and you 're so cute the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint but my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes so you can clip my toenails , lady if i can pull out your hair and i 'll give you a flower , lover if you pull out a mirror and point it here at my face because you know what i love and you know that i like sour grapes and we can rub - a - dub - dub in my bathtub tonight if you meet me here at my back porch at my back door you see it 's raining down cats and dogs and i ' m not too hip on getting wet but i can see you ' ve already been bit by a rabid dog in a maddened fit but when you arrive only knock twice because i might be asleep and you know what i want and you know that i need - beauty , beauty , beauty beauty and the beast the bitterness we all must reap in the name of love but no , not you , you 're so sweet the kind of girl i 'd like to o i long to love you girl without restraint still my faith in man and all his kinds has kind of lost its strength now i just let it sag sour grapes let me talk to you today about the pharisee one who desires to be free but refuses to take or break the bread for conscience sake for who knows what his hands might have touched or where the woman sitting next to him might have been let me talk to you today about the young republican burning , burning with rage on the right side of the stage dancing the witches ' sabbath with flaming virgins and old maids chanting , ' sour - sour - sour - grapes ' the kind of game we all must play in the name of blood blind - blind - blind man 's bluff where good is never bad enough still the cynics say , ' so what ? '
i ask myself , now on my knees when finding forgiveness is like entering through the eye of a needle still in my mind 's eye i see happy nations dancing free and a girl holding a flower beneath falling towers o lord , make me like one of these gentle people ' to hell with you ! '
it 's like walking a prison naked and frozen or working in a profession you know was never meant for you so tonight i stop by that old idiot steeple still as my heart cries i see loving families laughing free and a girl holding a flower beneath falling towers o lord , make me like one of these gentle people but do you pray in truth ?
once again the old barbed - wire wall makes all my attempts seem so feeble still in the sky i prophecy a golden eagle flying free and a girl holding a flower beneath falling towers o lord , make me like one of these brave , gentle people dear sophia once , if i remember well my life was like a faery tale i was wealthy , i was blessed by the body of a princess but i took too much for myself then my wings began to melt beneath the crush of the swirling dawn o dear sophia , where have you gone ?
let your body sway and swing to the tune of paradise coming soon just listen to this lovely lady sing reaching me there was music in the meadow a girl with flowers in her hair but i passed by on the highway you know i did nt seem to care when she called my name much later in a paris night life trance she held out her hand to me but i did nt know how to dance with one so kind and graceful with one so kind and pure i left her , no i ran from her not wanting the simple cure she was reaching in the night from fright for just one soul that she could trust it seems to me - she s dancing wild on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us a childhood misgiving comes to me through this mellow air breaking my sweet intoxication driving me to despair for the love of a lifetime is nothing more than the love of now again i see her reaching out again i do nt know how the things that mean so little could grow so large and bold in the crazy minds of children locked out in the cold reaching in the night from fright for just one soul they can trust it seems to me they re lost on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us still there is a silence few dare to comprehend for it is deeper than the darkness of a soul that will not mend and yet its not too far off from any of us standing in the forest nobody thought that s the problem i guess shed be the one to walk out like she did she made a scene yeah it was so ugly it was beautiful but you had to know someone would have the guts to silence you in time and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all those things you taught her all the smart things you said since she was very young in your school , your lovely school but still she s not completely free for she hears what you d say here and so can not see the forest for the trees and back in the classroom though she s not there in spirit a hundred drowsy zombies pretend that they do nt hear it this buzzing in your words or the song in their hearts yes she just said bury the dead and it was poetry in motion a case of god in love perfect art and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all your fine observations all the witty things you said since she was very young now she s forgetting every one as she stares up at the stars a dim and dying voice stutters no , no , the human eye ca nt see that far but she sees farther than you thought or did you ever think ?
jay put the flowers on the tomb reverently .
her days are almost too comfortable , too orderly and quiet , a tranquil succession of meals , walks , reading , tending her flower box in the community garden , the occasional exercise class with the few residents who are still able to raise their arms and legs .
but see , you could put a vase on the top with some flowers , and then some things on the lower shelf .
it was a sunken , semi - secluded area with an open - air , wooden tray ceiling above it with baskets of gorgeous flowers hanging from half of the trays .
there was a gloriously curved staircase where we would place flowing ivy and accent flowers , leading down into the main area , over to the space against the wall where we would put the altar as a back - drop to the mountains and the sunset .
i picked the flavors , finished the design of the cake , and ordered the flowers for the cake .
you may just pick some flowers for her for later on .
recited the pastor standing beside the flower adorned casket and grave .
lesson plans marriage city life the smiling scent of lavender above the clouds becoming fragrant moonlight the philosopher and the crazy person bedtime story at the height of being grounded what a lovely day she is a painter peak - a - boohoo in an open bedroom bees at bears knees , bear at bees knees the light of love through space and time an honest discovery presents itself the secret of the sad dog nothing normal is normal , normally pet friendly flowers sea .
around her : there was movement on the street ; along the sidewalk was the wind waved parts of shrubs and weeds in a bed made for flowers ; and there was an indecipherable sign - language from the handless , fingered arms of differing trees .
flowers a botanical garden covering ten acres , full of thousands of plants and hundreds of trees collected from all over the worldthere are two women who live nearby in a home for elderly people .
my favorite dish there was the pakalana flowers sauted with garlic .
you , aisha ... you wanted to study flowers and here you are doing marketing for n & m , selling stuff you probably wo nt buy yourself .
and where else would her ladyship have graciously consented to sit by that dry - lipped woman , prematurely old , withered like her artificial flowers , holding a shabby reticule , and occasionally putting in her mouth the point with which she pricked her card ?
but i told him he must come and see the flower of the neighbourhood .
we must stay where we grow , like flowers , brought up to look pretty , and be dull without complaining .
her theatrical training had left no trace ; she had grown up in her simplicity and truthfulness like a flower .
the mothers delicate eyelids were pink , as if she had been crying half the night ; and no one was surprised that , splendid as the match was , she should feel the parting from a daughter who was the flower of her children .
i get the same sort of feeling from him as i do from sunlit grass and flowers after the sweet rain has fallen , and everything looks so pure and beautiful .
by the way , flowers should nt get a guy off the hook for not caring .
not much was visiblea row of thick , overgrown hedges blocked the viewbut from a narrow slit in the garden door i could see flowers dotting the stone path .
then from his neck and burrowing through his skull more tendrils thrusting forth in resolute growth , pushing skyward and sunward and out what had been his ears and eyes and nose , his mouth yielding forth not words but all mix of bloomsclematis , wisteria , honeysuckle , trumpet flower : all dangling in a nectar - laden tangle of succulent and fragrant clusters .
a butterfly landed where his nose had been , uncoiled its proboscis and reached into his mouth turned to flower , found some sustenance there .
and once shed died , what was your daughter to docall and say dad , come and lay flowers on moms grave ?
then he found her , right where he d left her ( he thought ) fringed in flowers , her face gazing up at him , her young body ( from when he d first known her ) naked and open , beckoning .
flower garlands of sunflowers and papyruses had been hung over all the doors facing the central temple , filling the air with their stifling , thick , sweet scent .
presumably a wallflower is n't as dramatic or showy as a standard flower ( theo assumed the proximity to the wall meant they would get less sun ) .
the wallflower was the underdog flower therefore , the one that did n't have the natural advantages of the garden - dwelling variety .
so they 're not flowers that grow out of cracks in walls then .
tom ducked and the drumstick ended up in a nearby tree , falling from branch to branch and finally ending up in an empty flower pot .
the pain from sonnys first punch spread out from his abdomen like a blooming flower .
the way she rinsed her aging white limbs reminded her of how she would wash the shorn stems each day in the flower shop she owned for the majority of her life .
in her life , danielle went to college , she owned a flower shop , she was no divorcee .
it was during the summer when the sound of the bubbling creek mixed with the scent of wild flowers like some sort of music .
james had to step around a picture of his father with four candles , folded notes , and bundles of flowers on the sidewalk .
his potato had a flower on it .
he put the plate down and cupped the flower in his hands and pulled is face towards it .
the flower grew from his potato and he smiled with an adult charm .
i see you found the flower , mr . heckerman boomed from behind james , making him jump a little .
i forgot they made flowers , he smiled proudly .
a flower in the rough the school bell echoed throughout the hallway .
some were against blue backgrounds , some were on flowers , some were stinging other insects , some were in swarms , some were alone , some were huge six - foot paintings , some tiny and life size , but everywhere there were yellow and black wasps .
after his dream did the businessman see that the fowles of the welkin , the flowers in the park , the rains of heaven , the stars of the firmament , and most of all the throngs of people in the streets were real ?
the stars would burn out , the fowles and flowers would fall , the rain would sink into the earth , all folk , lewd or learned , busy with their million separate dreams and plans would one day all be still .
valley of flowers chris collins is the author of nicolas kumar of which valley of flowers is one part .
for more on this book go to @ collchris on twitter or google+ book 1 this book is inscribed to mr . arnold palmer contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 valley of flowers by chris collins a novella 1 the valley of flowers ahead looked awash in sunrays and colorful wildflowers .
for more on this book go to @ collchris on twitter or google+ book 1 this book is inscribed to mr . arnold palmer contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 valley of flowers by chris collins a novella 1 the valley of flowers ahead looked awash in sunrays and colorful wildflowers .
favoring pink himalayan balsams , in a valley far from the maddening urban crowds , the plush sea of alpine flowers appeared in palpable excitement over the possibilities of this one fine day in paradise .
nicolas took more mental note of the incredible flower concentration .
the grass stood near the stone from which these flowers grew .
he felt not love for this poetic gathering of butterfly , rock , flower , along with his humble self , but a joyful anxiety , characterized as the will to do something in this world and make some difference .
his focus came back then , though not resting on one flower cluster , or swath of blue poppies , brilliantly illumined and standing sprightly out of a solid stone , nor was his focus on this colorful communion , where the gods had seemingly tossed down flowers as darts for over a millennia , but on the minute .
his focus came back then , though not resting on one flower cluster , or swath of blue poppies , brilliantly illumined and standing sprightly out of a solid stone , nor was his focus on this colorful communion , where the gods had seemingly tossed down flowers as darts for over a millennia , but on the minute .
at first this flower came up unsteadily .
he fretted some over the fate of this flower with the o so subtle gleam .
he watched this flower begin to wilt .
he looked eyes - glazed over the flower valley .
he scanned the multitude of flowers that sparked his fears .
he saw in the violent realities there was no known room without occupying flowers .
nicolas felt these flowers with their bright worried faces were like candles lighted in protest .
nicolas looked out at a sea of distressed flowers .
hitting into this flower valley , which seemed to accept gladly all that came its way , was something i can not see myself doing .
he sensed the flowers come in close and he opened his eyes .
the flowers looked as if they wished to thank him and to somehow aid him .
nicolas sensed the flowers turn angrily west at him .
he had them holding up their lathis , or baton weapons to be used on the flowers if needed .
nicolas pondered this until realization surely thumped him that he was indeed being made to play into these flowers .
` ` is it not preferable to forgo play here than to harm these many flowers ? ''
now he thought it was not too unreasonable to step onto this flower community .
he scanned the flowers of sizable number .
he stared out at the flower valley .
he looked ready to stare down this flower fairway forever .
arjunas mind had only just come back to the valley when a gigantic roar lit up over one section of this fantastic flower crowd .
he took in a larger scope of the flower fairway .
this was followed by a glance down the flower fairway , as if one contestant had blinked in a stare fight .
in this one reality , hard and physical , the old man had hit a jerry ford crowd - ducker into the first shoots of flowers .
it seemed to him the flowers had been pulled up and were just now darting him .
he had another go over the sorry plight of the flowers .
yes , i believe i will , he thought , reaffirming his choice.and he pointed down the flower fairway to the lake .
he peered doomed out at the flower valley .
nicolas continued performing this bit of bad theater for the paying - for - it flower crowd .
he stepped back to look at one area over the flower valley .
he hoped to get a sense the flowers were going to be okay with this .
he believed this was the correct position for him , a future flower harvester .
the flowers with their sweet scents looked like upturned designer cups .
they sounded quite concerned over the plight of these flowers or statues of martyrs .
nicolas stepped out onto the flower fairway .
to him , the flowers were simply gathering , giving , benefiting and accepting , in perfect peace with all .
he felt the flowers were multiple bests in a grand show of winners .
the flowers looked as if it was their birthright destiny also to stand there in his way .
` ` perhaps he is thinking that toiling on this one would be hard to take , '' nicolas said to no one flower in particular .
the old man looked to the flowers standing nearest him .
he felt this flower 's cup was the abode of the most high .
he watched him crush scores of flowers as he went .
the old man gazed at one flower nearest him .
the grand chronocator spread a ring of liquid - gold light over all in the valley of flowers .
the flag on the green stood beyond the flowers and snow - melt lake .
next thing he knew a dozen or so flowers shot up from the drop zone .
the grim shadow of this one raced over the reluctant flower ground .
he watched a series of silhouettes produce grotesque shapes over the valley of flowers .
the one flying had left before he could catch any glimpse of it , other than what had rolled ugly over the flower ground .
a second or so later flowers ripped up .
he saw that the flower dead were many .
the disappearance of these flowers seemed sorely missed by the remaining others .
he felt the flowers might remarkably spill the beans as to where his little friend was by simply telling him .
the flowers seemed to tell him , or perhaps it was just his intuition , that his ball was off right .
the mud - as - divot flew off with the flowers .
his club hovered over a few flower bulbs .
after which , he picked up his pack and headed to another group of mingling flowers .
many flowers lay dead .
the ball went into a ghostly haunt of white flowers he would rather not think about .
he went about making another demarcation trench in the flower ground .
the flowers seemed to know they were in the unenviable position of being at the mercy of this one little human .
the flowers stood at military attention as if their security level had just been raised a hue .
except for where his ball lay , the swarming sunrays were successful in covering all in the valley of flowers .
he thought nothing now of the violence he had just administered to all in the valley of flowers .
the area was without the incredible flower concentration as on the 1st .
less flowers was a good thing , he thought .
failing this , he lifted his cap as to acknowledge the appreciation of the imaginary flower crowd .
as to what all he perceived over the valley , the various applause , the appreciations , coming as from the colorful flower gatherings , the persistent calls or challenge perhaps to those living in the modern era , all seemed hushed , and waiting anxiously , in his silent support .
she would weave fresh flowers through a crown of braids .
he entered murphys thoughts to point out flower boxes bursting with pink , purple and red azaleas , his wifes favorite flower .
he entered murphys thoughts to point out flower boxes bursting with pink , purple and red azaleas , his wifes favorite flower .
i was the guy with the white flower at millennium park the day it all went down .
white flowers in glass vases sat in the middle of the table .
nik remembered charles coming toward him with a white flower on the stage .
that was very nice of you to give mrs . jones a white flower .
aunt beth was arranging flower garlands on the makeshift altar .
nik followed them on the grass sidewalk lined with flowers .
when she saw the small package stuffed into the back of the mailbox , behind the unwanted catalogues for fake flowers and outrageously priced dish towels , her mind automatically registered that it was her new checkbooks .
and the zodiac killer , assassinating people in central park according to his own horoscope , who told police he could nt make up his mind whether he wanted to do that or become a mail bomber and the giant concrete flower pots with no flowers blocking off the fronts of certain target buildings , so a car bomber could not ram into them .
and the zodiac killer , assassinating people in central park according to his own horoscope , who told police he could nt make up his mind whether he wanted to do that or become a mail bomber and the giant concrete flower pots with no flowers blocking off the fronts of certain target buildings , so a car bomber could not ram into them .
i needed an activity , so i was glad to see weeds raising their ugly heads in a border of flowers i 'd helped plant during my early clean days .
just thinking about her made the day brighter , and he called out to one of the flower sellers outside central station , hey , stevie !
what re you up to , dougie , buying flowers ?
' i brought you some flowers , ' he told her , and she saw them , smiled , then kissed him on the cheek .
when he switched on the light the sight of the room was a little less appealing than its fragrance , it had too many frills around the lampshades and the dressing table , too many flowers in the patterned wallpaper .
on the night she purchased the bug , which must have been a few months earlier , we d sat inside it decorating the dashboard with contact paper flowers ( of the flower power sort ) which we carefully cut out .
i m remembering something about that -- she had big embroidered flowers on her pants , too .
licking up the sides of neglected flowers .
your basic flower power uprising .
at the angel 's slender feet someone has left a wreath of flowers , which will soon be duly taken away .
he did not utter them , rather embodied them as in murmuring self - congratulation he wraps each gift/ first day , a flower , just one .
practicing romantic seduction of just twohe offers her a flower : symbolizing himself .
it was another flower athlete : needing the blossom !
and the five guzzle it down ; two vines yet to consume - if it were nt for the flower athletes ... . !
which she knew , knew by the breath within her , this new life : more than seed , more than egg : a flower rose , stood up and felt the uprush of rising as if impelled by groundly exhale , this her plant self , with long roots oh !
today , cilla slipped inward in her own way ; spread her soul and became a seeded egg for flowers on another dimension ; slipped so far in that she was slipped out : hallelujah !
on this day , which was not distinguished in any way from their so many other days , decades now : almost six together : it is night , they are in bed : both share the familiar feeling that they are newly planted bulbs in the flower bed : this image floats in front of them , is a reflection ; each turns as slightly as seedlings do to the shifting sun , this moment , moonlight : smile .
as a nurse went to remove a drooping flower one blustery morning , yaeko screamed at her to stop .
yaeko mourned the flowers deaths ; she would tell the new buds about those they were replacing , about their beauty and how cherished they were in her hospital room .
an actual stream gurgled nearby , fed by a large and very lovely granite fountain , the courtyards central feature ; smaller shade trees had been planted here and there ; some were in full bloom ; they in turn were surrounded by many varieties of flowers and roses , all meticulously tended .
his eyes ... eyes like laser beams he looked straight into her ... he looked straight into her very being ... and then he removed the wilting flowers .
for it came to her that yaekos matchless talent playing the violin could not possibly compare to what resided deepest in yaekos heart ; and what was deepest in her heart was only now coming to full flower .
hey bud , growled skeeter conspiratorially , remember that flower tattoo ol midge got all those years ago ?
she said , i know it : under a flower moon , beloved , may i never see the odium of others lining your forehead , remote or forgotten rancors ravage your sleep with their useless crown of knives : i do not wish to see it .
a bee inside the flower floated upward out of it ; the flowers petals felt silky and dreamily insubstantialbut still very real .
his thin silver hair shone like the estuarys flowers .
she old - lady shuffled to the bedroom door , opened it , and on wobbly - noodly legs hurried down the darkened hallway to the closed door at the end with a blank sheet of white paper taped to it , one that had colored flowers and violins and various math symbols drawn on it , all surrounding , in big green block letters : melodys room !
there were neat arrangements of flowers on many of the balconies tables ; some of the balconies also came occupied by more of those black - cowled guards , who stood facing away from them , looking steadily out over the sea .
women in flower patterned light cotton dresses , and couples often leaning on the bonnets of automobiles , one foot on the running boards , a la bonnie and clyde .
on another occasion he stood , wielding a stick , over a flock of juniors forced by him to eat the flowers bedecking the stage .
this snake , eight feet long at death , was dangerous when cornered by the boys returning from an open air film show : a short by the moody institute , usually about flowers opening , or one by shell , either spraying locusts or stirling moss winning the mille miglia or le mans in a jaguar , followed by some cowpoke movie which was always spoilt by the film burning when stink bugs gunged up the projectors cogs at precisely the point where the good guy or bad guy was about to draw .
the body must now be dressed and the room filled with flowers .
the tableau was completed with flowers arranged around the lace bedspread and around the bed head .
the flower of black manhood can only blossom in civilized conditions and - let us face it - those conditions have at present to be imposed .
i noticed a couple of flower arrangements on the table and windowsill and wondered who d visited last night .
i noticed some new flower arrangements on the windowsill and examined the cards .
i looked at kaseywho was staying out of it in spite of her white - knuckle hold on the flower vasethen at mom .
he cast a quick look at the uppermost page and was startled to see that it was covered with flowers , all kinds of flowersin bouquets , for godsake .
alex had been wrong about one thing : the flower sketches were nt a reminder to call the florist , they were a lingering question of how the orchid he d picked out and sent to lyssa had been received .
he had to grope her , insult her , yell at her , and then follow up his transgressions with flowers and chocolates left at her door .
i was just explaining to you that you do nt want to spend all your time growing herbs and flowers .
is that why you ve been sending the cards and flowers and chocolates ?
as for the flowers , they were all exotics , exquisitely scented gardenias and living sprays of orchids .
all those flowers , fruit baskets , chocolates , candles , even the orchid he d picked out for her on a whimevidently none of it meant anything to her .
you were the one who told him i like chocolate and flowers .
christ , lyssa , if only i had forced the issue , called you at work , sent you flowers there , something to show that you did have a man in your life !
that s my flower , he breathed .
and the other flowers ?
it was adorned by flowerywallpaper , pictures of distant meadows andvalleys , a vase of plastic flowers on each formica covered tableand plastic chairs secured firmly to the floor as a precaution againsttheft .
the ragged hedges no longer enclosed well tended lawns and flower - beds , but rather rectangles of crops , occasionally enlivened by aclump of trees .
a border of flowers and vegetablesbrightened the platform and beyond there was nothing butan uninterrupted series of open fields with a few scatteredwindmills in the distance .
they always appeared to win local elections byfighting for such local issues as clearer markings on publichighways , more books in the public library and more flower shows.their candidates seemed frightfully nice and when theyspoke it was hard to identify any policy they advocated that one could activelyoppose .
i despair of the so - called modern schools in the city which provide not even the minimum of moral guidance , complying with anarchistic doctrines that assert that the pupils character is like a flower that blossoms when abandoned to free expression .
such a flower will simply be swamped by weeds and be a very sorry sight indeed .
park benches , small statues , decorative flower beds and ornate lamp - posts dotted the park at discreet distances from each other .
it gives me as much joy to give to those in need as it does to tend the growing flowers , the young lamb , the mischievous lion - cub and all the others in the garden .
perhaps , too , a familiarity of landscapes as beautiful as this engenders the reflection and contemplation required to enjoy the delicate and exquisite flower of great poetry .
meadow flowers , like cow parsley and nettles , were being grazed by the occasional elk or aurochs .
remove the vase and flowers .
it was probably intended to be a portrait of the flowers that had earlier been on the chair , but except for a splash of yellow that might have represented the daffodils there was little in the viscous broad strokes and amorphous puddles of paint which at all resembled flowers or vases .
it was probably intended to be a portrait of the flowers that had earlier been on the chair , but except for a splash of yellow that might have represented the daffodils there was little in the viscous broad strokes and amorphous puddles of paint which at all resembled flowers or vases .
beta and i briefly examined his painting , which really resembled beta no more than his previous painting resembled flowers .
three or four small dragons were tearing up the fabric of an enormous still life portrait of some flowers .
some of the houses , however , had suffered considerably worse than others : trails of smoke still rising through blackened and charred roofs and smashed possessions scattered over neatly mown lawns and tangling in the geraniums in the flower beds .
we stood in the shelter of the hallway , amongst the detritus of recent destruction , looking through the curtain of rain beating insistently on the driveway , further battering down the broken stalks of flowers bordering the lawn , and dripping off a porch into a sodden puddle on the welcome mat .
when we were half way up the carpeted stairs , and just by a vase of flowers on a table , we could see the ruin of the suburbs through the landing window .
the deep winter snows were followed by spring rains and summer wild flowers in the fields .
they would smile at each other then cassandra would go out and bring in some flowers for the table and they would smile again just like they was talking .
there were several cans , red clay flower pots , a rusty saw and a bench with cardboard boxes .
the dreams - they were always the same , the field of flowers , falling .
besides , i do nt need an excuse to bring you flowers .
i want to take care of these flowers before we go upstairs and get started on your shield .
a disembodied voice whispered , break chastitys curse and lose your power ; watch love bloom and passion flower .
he d gone to a lot of trouble , borrowing a suit and gathering flowers .
so were the lilac bushes , the redbud trees and the flower garden .
the flowers sweet perfume drifted above the clean scent of pine and warm fragrance of cedar , tickling channies nose .
the flowers were beyond her reach and she was jumping up again and again in a funny way to get hold of the flowers but failed each time .
the flowers were beyond her reach and she was jumping up again and again in a funny way to get hold of the flowers but failed each time .
chamcha oraon , can you pluck some flowers for me ?
i felt myself fortunate being asked by her to pluck flowers for her .
i immediately leapt up and broke a large branch with many bouquets of domba flowers .
sita liked to adorn her chignon with flowers every morning .
there was a wasp - nest in a flower plant which she had not noticed and as soon as she tried to lower the bough she was stung by a wasp and she ran right over to me .
dhanesh occasionally picked up some flowers for sita who liked to wear them on her chignon .
sita lowered a grass to pluck a bunch of flower and in a moment she jumped backwards as a venom - less large snake moved away through her parted legs .
abra did nt know what van goghs flowers looked like .
during the summer , she helped the jackson groundskeepers tend the flower beds .
rachel had brought flowers which she put at the marker .
anyone else would have received lloyd 's standard optimistic answer stating that rhoda 's on the mend , any day now she going to open her eyes and once again the sun will shine and birds will sing and flowers will shower the world with sweet fragrance .
i do n't know about all these flowers stacked around on this hill of dirt either .
it 's just then that i see all the alfalfa flowers papa is sitting in .
the ceremony was overly short , bill thought , but afterward came the kisses , hugs , tears , thrown flowers , and congratulations .
sandras flat was another country , to be sure spacious suite on the upper east side with sunken living room , original paintings and sculptures , tapestries that looked old but did not smell , flowers arranged so that both night- and daylight hit them just right .
thin gray carpet and thin flower - print bedspreads and a dead plant in the corner .
all of the bedspreads had flower prints .
flowers rose and lily here is how lily and i really started .
flowers 44 rose and lily 44 an ordinary girl 46 on the tip of my tongue 48 clich 49 read .
sitting around in the hotel supplied blue flower pattered nemakis they ordered room service breakfasts with lots of coffee .
the teams policy was always to feed the hot man , so junior point guard , jake flowers , did just that .
` ` it looks like the flower we had tattooed on pinko 's arm . ''
jamison took a sip from his cup , slowly flipping through the brightly colored pages of the mccrearys flowers and vegetables catalog .
dave elsila , editor of solidarity , 1976 - 1998 wildcat a novel by william trent pancoast blazing flowers press wildcat william trent pancoast copyright william trent pancoast 2010 published by blazing flowers press at smashwords third edition first printing all rights reserved .
dave elsila , editor of solidarity , 1976 - 1998 wildcat a novel by william trent pancoast blazing flowers press wildcat william trent pancoast copyright william trent pancoast 2010 published by blazing flowers press at smashwords third edition first printing all rights reserved .
when she had gotten pregnant in the spring of their senior year , bobby did nt hesitatethey got married immediately with a gay , spring church wedding full of pretty little nieces and serious little nephews carrying flowers and rings and more .
and over the years it was he , not tom , who sent the congratulation cards and flowers upon the births of elizabeth and jons children .
my heightened senses could still smell the iodine and salt on the air , sweetened by the honey of the heather and wild flowers .
i made a note to myself to send flowers , and amended it to make sure they went straight to the church where they would have the service .
splaying out the sprigs of flowers with my fingers as i entered the lobby , i was struck by the sameness of the place .
i leaned over for a quick hug , and set down the flowers , which both ladies cooed over .
mags tried to identify the flowers she could just barely make out in the little back garden , and i told them what was blooming in my neighborhood .
but i described the local flowers here and in my garden , and mags guessed what would be coming up at the community place .
i would get some flowers to take to her .
they are a beautiful bouquet of flowers mia .
when i rounded the corner and rode up over the hill , my old friend was standing in her front yard overlooking the flower beds that flowed beneath the bay windows .
she always grew flowers because of her son , trevor .
then send her a bunch of flowers out of petty cash .
` ` i 'll have ito send you some flowers . ''
` ` keep hoping for flowers . ''
the oh - so - perfect flower beds with just the right color combinations of impatiens or pansies .
i was going to ask her something about her flower garden .
you never noticed when her flowers faded because shed replace them with others .
next time she got flowers , shed have to remember that .
she wondered if red would send her flowers after she solved his case for him .
use the blower to get the grass clippings out of the flower beds , she said .
they were her favorite flower and the scent was wonderful .
her room was spotless with a rose carpet , flower patterned bed cover and two high - backed chairs with upholstery of the same material .
she enjoyed the morning air and spring flowers - daffodils , pansies and geraniums - decorating the front yards in the neighborhood .
better to yield and pay back with some chore of kay 's choosing , such as mowing the grass and trimming around the flower - beds , tasks which she enjoyed doing , but which kay found increasingly tiresome to handle .
there have been cards and flowers and plants coming in droves .
i visited her grave this morning and took a few flowers .
i hummed ` ` grant avenue '' from flower drum song as i walked diagonally left on columbus , at broadway , where , i had been told by my father , topless dancing was popularized at the condor club in the sixties by a woman named carol doda who danced on top of a piano .
they asked for information about the hospital so they could send flowers and call richard when he felt well enough to talk .
the casket was closed and had lots of flowers around it .
where can i send flowers ? ''
i sat down , thanked her , told her my father was recovering nicely and not to send flowers because he had received many bouquets already .
the land was once used for cattle ranching and more recently for growing grain , vegetables and flowers .
when i moved i was reminded of the flowers i was holding .
i should be buying you flowers , although i must admit , i did n't expect to see you . ''
women instinctively know what to do with flowers .
arrow disappeared into her kitchen and reappeared a minute later with the flowers in a vase half - filled with water .
you bought her flowers , did nt you ?
smoothing it out on my knee , i read the typed script , an invoice from mankowskis florist shop : $ 35 for flowers , placed on plot 58975 , elizabeth o .
grandfather always bought betty flowers on the anniversary of her death .
draw flowers , too .
plastic flowers in plastic vases decorated each table .
bartlett writing as lorraine bartlett the victoria square mysteries a crafty killing ( 2/2011 ) the walled flower ( fall , 2011 ) short stories : an unconditional love prisoner of love were so sorry uncle albert writing as lorna barrett the booktown mysteries murder is binding ( 2008 ) bookmarked for death ( 2009 ) bookplate special ( 2009 ) chapter & hearse ( 2010 ) sentenced to death ( 2011 ) murder on the half shelf ( 2012 ) buried in benidorm a max castillo mystery l.h .
my mother had already planted some beautiful red and pink flowers .
she had asked that i help her plant some flowers before i left again .
tyana was puzzled and said , ` ` i just saw you conjure that bouquet of flowers for freshwater .
you could nt put many flowers in it , but it did look nice when the sun shone through it .
showing up at my door with an armful of flowers was simply his style , and he quickly charmed me .
if you can get his uncles address , or find someone close to him , let me know , so i can send a card or flowers .
i love when my senses are heightened , and the strong , pleasant odor of the flowers gave me a surge of euphoria .
glass panels partitioned one side from floor to ceiling against a large flower garden in the back yard .
the next you 're wearing lavender shirts , tight chinos and thinking about getting a flower shop when you retire .
they had not been together longpictures together were on prominent display , fresh roses sat in a vase on the counter , a just because card nestled gently between the flowers .
we tore through the sprinklers , stood beneath a flower that showered us with a refreshing mist and crawled through a tunnel of tubes that sprayed us from all angles , leaving not a patch of clothing dry .
i nodded and looked around at the beautiful lobby with its high glass ceiling and many trees , plants and flowers .
the flowers were beginning to wilt .
ill be back soon , you need new flowers .
i picked up the flowers that sat in front of my fathers grave and walked back to my car , careful not to step over the dead .
the funeral notice said instead of flowers make a donation to alzheimer research .
i spent a quiet evening at home , working in my flower bed until dark , checking my e - mail , and eating a late supper in front of an old movie classic rented from the library .
amelia left very clear instructions , you know , i heard miss carey explain to the other lady , who had some questions about the way things were going to be done , but i do nt see a problem with the flower arrangement from the garden club my attention wandered .
it was closed , with a photograph on top next to an arrangement of daisies and marigolds , two of her favorite flowers .
it was still light outside and the flowers and shrubs visible through the patio door were not yet showing any sign of neglect .
mely was active in the local beautification club , you know , planting trees , flowers for the park , that sort of thing .
it was nt hard to picture how attractive it could be here when the flowers and the shrubs were in bloom .
the outgrown flowers were tempting and the bushes were ever so green .
the presence proves your passion towards each other , but the flowers never bloom forever this way .
she walked over to the desk and placed the flowers on it .
she seriously doubted that either one of them would send her flowers .
but why would getting flowers make you nervous ?
the two people who know where i am are nt likely to send me flowers , she said .
it 's the man that sent me the flowers , who is he ? , she said in a whisper .
who sent me flowers ?
but the more pertinent thing would be the note that came with the flowers , it still puts me on edge just thinking about it .
i need you to go and see who delivered these flowers .
he said the hotel had removed the delivery information from the flowers .
its the same moniker , the perp used who sent the flowers and left the laptop at the hotel suites door , said det .
johns and christian went to find the patrolman who questioned the florist that delivered the flowers earlier that day .
she mentioned getting flowers with a weird note and a phone call .
but the flowers are what s been bugging me .
its flowers again , except this time we have what looks like twelve yellow roses and two red roses .
we also have to factor in the flowers and laptop incidents , its almost like they have split personalities .
the guardian sent the flowers and brought katrina her laptop .
yep , and he s also the one that sent the flowers to katrina , said det .
decorated in contemporary european with fine lines and tiny flowers in the furniture , drapes , and wallpaper , the suite screamed expensive from every fiber .
one dove snatched a yellow rose from the vase of flowers on murphys credenza .
she handled the flowers as gently as if they were made of fine porcelain china .
the flowers , trees , plants , and animals , they are all the children of nature , he could almost hear her say .
the sandblasted grapevine tree trunk was back in the center of the table with all its greenery , fake cactus , and flowers .
in the distance , he could hear the bubbling of the fountain in the flower garden .
a soft spray from the underground sprinkling system misted the flower beds .
greg arrived right on time with flowers .
greg handed me the flowers and i accepted them graciously .
i took the flower .
mother was one of those people who always woke fresh as a spring flower , happy and talkative .
the sweet scent of roses greeted me as i rounded the end of the house and i stopped to press my nose into one of the flowers , the petals , soft and smooth against my skin .
that was during the height of hippies and flower power , so maybe the whole bell - bottom , fringed - vest , thing scared'em off . ''
` ` i need you to cut the grass around the house and winery , prune the shrubs , and tend the flower beds .
my mother soaked up the attention like a hothouse flower feeling the rays of the sun for the first time .
in the kitchen , i cut the stems down and arranged the flowers in a large canning jar , unable to find a vase .
sorry , i m late , but i stopped to buy flowers for my husband before they re all gone .
the kids with the flowers are offering part of their bouquets to the kids that do nt have any .
pretty soon , each student had at least a single flower to take home to their mother .
everyone seemed to be in a festive mood and many of the ladies wore flowers in their hair or pinned to their dresses .
i just started crying , and then he handed me some flowers and said he wanted to take his dad and me to dinner tonight , and here we are .
he had already ordered the flowers .
her mother had told her many stories about the flower and willow world of the geisha .
her research into geisha life revealed that the flower and willow world stood apart from japanese society and was completely dominated by women .
after finishing up work at the barn sonia had gone to the rose garden to cut flowers , something for which rios had explicitly given her permission .
when he noticed sonia in the garden he had reprimanded her for picking the flowers .
everything that she owned , every remembrance of the people that she had lost , everything of beauty from the flower and willow world , was gone .
at first there was the joy of possessing a beautiful object , and later a childs curiosity about the flower and willow world .
remember that afternoon before the fire , when he chewed you out about picking some flowers ?
the detective went towards the flowers , crouched and contemplated a white rose .
ester appeared at the door and found it funny for a man to be crouched down looking at a flower .
talking to flowers , detective ?
i actually wanted to send the detective to hell for that recent crap , but a flower scent impregnated my nostrils .
thank you , sir , for freeing my daddy said ester , handing me the flower .
it was the only place where i could leave it , the panel was always dusty ... at principle , i thought that clvis was the responsible for the bullshit of the girl bringing me a flower , but there was no way to accuse him ; both not even got the chance to talk .
the white flower stayed on the seat next to me , when i laid my eyes upon it i felt a deep aversion for it .
my intention was to throw the flower in the garbage .
to whom is this flower , isaias ?
have you ever tried to give them a good morning , some advice , a hug , or a flower ?
as for man , his days are as grass : as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
but someone had gone to the trouble of planting grass around the house , and there were flower beds against the walls , a garden of sorts .
i barely got my flower beds weeded and i m aching all over .
he seemed to like working in the flower beds .
taoss little town center really was pretty in the summer and autumn months , with lots of shady trees and hanging pots of bright flowers accenting adobe walls and freshly painted blue doors .
as he worked up the final batch she prepared decorator icing and began piping a variety of tiny summer flowers onto the cooled ones .
but she could get busy on the flowers and trim pieces right away .
sam soaked all this up while feigning interest in another piece on the shelves , a crystal globe with a miniature flower garden of glass inside .
a flower garden !
the cake was nt needed for a week yet , so she had plenty of time to get her supplies lined up and pre - make most of the flowers and other decorative elements that needed time to set up .
and , let 's see , fresh flowers , maybe some orchids ? ''
she snatched up the camera and pointing one pearl - pink tapered nail at it she said , that could be a chair , or a cow , or a flower , or even a chair giving birth to a cow on a flower for heaven 's sake , all depending on how you look at it .
she snatched up the camera and pointing one pearl - pink tapered nail at it she said , that could be a chair , or a cow , or a flower , or even a chair giving birth to a cow on a flower for heaven 's sake , all depending on how you look at it .
bouquets of fresh flowers topped every flat surface , the perfume of the abundant hydrangeas , roses and lilacs warring with the intense colognes wafting off the guests .
i really should call maya and have her send some flowers and a donation to his family .
we were supposed to have one hundred tiny honeybees on that cake , along with an assortment of fondant flowers .
i doubled the number of flower sprays , thinking that if any broke , i still would have enough to be able to finish the cake without any gaping holes in the design .
the flowers for the wedding cake .
not for someone to waltz into my life with flowers and candy .
all that was left to do was add the flower sprays and bees .
the flowers on the wallpaper and the floor were nt doing a lot to cheer me up .
i took a seat in the taxi - van for the peacock flower resort , bobbing my head appreciatively to the beat of bob marleys i shot the sheriff .
they d been to dinner , and they were on their way back to the peacock flower .
i soaked it in : orchids more beautiful than hothouse flowers trailing vines of hot pink , pink and orange flamboyants standing tall and proud , reminding me of the mimosa trees back home .
my equilibrium was on the mend , enough that the beauty of the flowers swept me in again .
he shuttle his group right from the peacock flower .
doug the realtor picked me up at the peacock flower at one oclock , greeting me like a long - lost best friend .
to ward off my mounting stress , i tried to use one of the visualization techniques i learned at the peacock flower spa .
the peacock flower had served sweetened passion fruit juice , and it was delicious .
i guess i d learned something in the peacock flowers yoga class , after all .
take her to the peacock flower .
~~~ chapter forty - one i spent the night with emily at the peacock flower , as did oso , who we smuggled in after dark .
he and emily enjoyed the high life together while i zoned out to american idol and my preferred peacock flower dinner of fruit and rum punch .
if i had bought all that karma and chi stuff they pedaled at the peacock flower spa , i d say mine were out of whack .
it was a hard - knock , learn or die type of existence , and did nt include any expansive lawns , drowsing puppies , or pretty hanging baskets full of delicate flowers .
bulletin boards lined the hallway and proclaimed a welcome to the new school year , but someone had already drawn faces on some of the flowers and two sported horns and a black eye .
she wondered why the teachers had nt taken down the flowers that now sported mustaches , but that was nt her problem .
i mean the individual flowers are beautiful , but all this arrangement needs is a ribbon going across the front that says rest in peace .
best were going to get , kate said , then pointing to the flower arrangement sitting on the table asked , you ever going to tell me who sent these ?
we wanted to say thank you for the flowers .
he amazes me with his horticultural skillsa former tug builder with such a talent with flowers .
not only did i visit , i brought flowers .
she might look like a chanel - suited hothouse flower , but she certainly came through in a pinch .
these flowers are going to come in handy .
he did a three - sixty in place and waved bennett into the flower shop and toward the back where the camera connected to a computer .
and you should bring her something , flowers for example , because of the accident . ''
` ` the flowers need water . ''
on the one hand , he saw you in your bedroom on lily 's computer when he delivered those flowers and recognized that it was some sort of surveillance .
i guess it would nt hurt to bring my future in - law a bouquet of flowers now and again .
the town had emerged gleaming from the previous weeks washing by heavy rain , the flowers in their baskets and tubs had revived and lifted their heads to the sun , their cheerful colours and green foliage fresh and bright with the evaporating morning dew .
the writer suggested , apparently quite seriously , that all the buses and municipal vehicles should be decked out in flower boxes and baskets to promote the town ; particularly those vehicles that were going further afield , to places such as alnwick and newcastle !
you re standing in the middle of a flower bed !
a group of craftsmen and women in the area who were exhibiting at the gateshead flower show had asked him to help with a promotion , he could visit them ; he could also call into that scandinavian furniture store and buy some storage shelves and units and then keep his appointment .
he picked up the signs for the flower festival soon after crossing the river .
she dropped the flowers when she saw me .
it 's hard not to when you 're talking to robert , even more so since he was carrying an enormous bouquet of flowers and a gift - wrapped package .
i told dane the flowers were all fine and dandy , but not nearly what we owed you .
instead , while the latest ghost to cross my path stood glaring at me from only a few feet away , my mother snatched up the flowers and left the room , offering to put them in water .
my mother returned with the flowers she had artfully arranged in a vase .
` ` some flowers that- ow ! ''
` ` anyway , the flowers ? ''
your lovely flowers ! ''
all conversation ground to a halt while my mother ran the noisy shampooer and pia and jase worked at picking up the flowers , most of which were damaged beyond repair .
the room was bare except for the furniture and one vase of flowers sitting on the desk .
i was tempted to make a wide berth of the flowers- my recent experience with exploding vases had me a little gun shy- but remembering that ghosts ( unless they are connected to people ) are usually stuck in one place and rarely travel , i realized that the likelihood of cecilia popping up here was nil to none and so i went to check the flowers out .
` ` i have everything i need , except the flowers . ''
as i recalled , flowers were the last thing i wanted in this house .
especially bouquets nestled in crystal vases ` ` i was hardly likely to find a flower shop open at this hour , now was i ? ''
pia returned with a bunch of fresh flowers from her garden .
the last thing olivia did was to lay the bundle of flowers in the center of the coffee table , utter some low prayer over it , and she was done .
robert continued fussing around the room for a moment , finding a place to rest the flowers and balloons , and then handing me the injury bear before leaving the room to call pia and inform her of where i was .
moving out from the pumpkin district , i passed field after field of flower farms rich with black dirt .
flowers dotted the beach grasses heavy with dew .
in a strange goat - like way , i found myself enjoying the flowers and greens tossed together on my sample plate .
you can eat the flowers ?
that s a lot of flowers !
that s not just flowers , maam .
he works for a flower grower out on highway 92 .
a small table and two chairs sat in a nook with pictures of flowers on the walls .
dominique reacted by asking , our brachystegia flowers , zambias ?
she had a fondness for wearing skirts and a single flower in her hair .
although funk did nt look it , he was still well and truly a flower child .
` ` my information is that the contraband came in on a plane loaded with fresh flowers from south america .
you do not have to be afraid of future consequences if you step on a flower .
as she got about halfway up the flower lined walkway she noticed that the porch light that her parents always left on for her was not on .
other spring flowers would be doing so soon , if the profusion of green shoots was any indication .
i stalked past my well - planned flower beds on the verge of becoming colorful , climbed the steps to my porch , and headed straight to my kitchen for a glass of water .
thanks to the combined efforts of my sister , aunt vi and me last fall , i had more spring flowers in bloom than anyone else on my street .
last october she stood in front of the flower beds and threw handfuls of bulbs at the dirt .
` ` hey , the flowers look great .
i love fresh flowers .
when he said , ` ` your flower garden is really pretty -- so are you . ''
apparently he was nt crazy about strait either , but he d already called and sent condolences and flowers to the funeral home .
but you did nt come here to compliment me on the flowers .
its not enough without more to go on , he said , but i think we both hoped watts was rotting under that flower bed .
i wished him healthy and beautiful flowers .
there are no flowers in dr . faust grey 's lair , for he is strongly attuned to his senses , and must use all without the distraction of melancholy reminders of mourning .
the young woman lay in repose , a collection of flowers gently arranged in her grip .
her youth spoke all for the grieving family that wept behind that age , a beloved duo too busy mourning to adorn their daughter 's death in wreaths and flowers .
the clanging of shovels echoed across the cemetery , and i followed them , my steps heedless of those flowers and tombstones and freshly dug graves i traversed across .
jane took the flowers .
i ve got the flowers ordered , just call them and confirm delivery .
the hearse with the two urns and all of the flowers from the service followed behind .
i had nt even dared to tell him and my mother about floras colourful past : they had already asked me , though not in so many words , why we had nt yet settled into the kind of sedate married life they had themselves , with my mother only venturing out of the house to do flowers at the local church , or to chair the womens institute .
after a few weeks i had got more used to the work , and one mild day in march i loitered on the way down our street , appreciating the flowers that were just starting to appear in peoples small front gardens , and looking forward to the weekend , when oliver had promised we could go up to hampstead and walk on the heath .
ill add a little flower every now and then if you roll them .
like a breeze , my fair flower , said billy gallantly , like a coney island breeze .
yes , i was named for the writer and not , how cute ! , the flower , of which i was constantly being accused .
like a crew with leaf blowers working flower beds .
flower beds snuggled next to a low adobe wall held orange california poppies , grey - green santolina dotted with vibrant deep yellow button flowers , and mounds of native grasses that sent up seed heads in airy abandon .
isabelle asked , twirling around in her hand an orange marigold shed picked from the yard , the crushed flower exuding a pleasant , pungent sharpness .
* * * as liz and i staked out new flower beds the next day , i filled her in on the new developments , and she wanted to speculate on different theories about shannon , barry , andrea , and cowboy binder .
you know , if i give you this money then you have to do what i say kind of deal , liz said as she started shoveling organics into the flower bed for the next group of asters to be planted .
i could have sat outside all day in the october sun , surrounded by the restaurants boxed but overflowing beds of tomatoes , herbs , and flowers , but we had to head over to the cbi office in the suburb of lakewood to meet henry wade at two oclock .
starting with the multi - level decks , we cleaned around the house perimeter and the flower beds before we moved on to the yard , surrounding shrubs , and trees , where i pruned dead branches while they raked and hauled tarps full of debris to the trailer .
susan got flowers .
the little white house on the corner with flower gardens out front full of gladiolas , bethany broke in with excitement .
because i named you after the flower .
it was nt long before i decided that i d name my daughter after this beautiful flower .
barb stood inspecting her flowers in the front yard , obviously watching the neighbourhood for some good gossip .
barb returned the gesture , then quickly decided that her flowers were doing fine .
i was the one who brought you the bouquet of flowers .
potted plants filled with flowers hung across the front porch , knick knacks of every size and shape littered the walls , hung from shutters , sat perched out by the walkway in welcome .
he built a wooden cross to mark the spot , even planted flowers .
when lacy lived here , the fanciest store they had going was the flower shop , and they only stayed afloat because of weddings and funerals .
i showed carina 's note and a gatekeeper let me through and directed me to the front door of the house , a spacious , three - story structure twenty yards away , in the middle of an artificial landscape full of trees , shrubs , rocks and flowers .
the air in her room still held the lingering fragrance of a desert flower .
i really should send that young lady some flowers .
i am going to text you a name and address i want you to go to a flower shop by the end of the week .
order a big bouquet of lilacs and put this money in an envelope to have them deliver it with the flowers .
no wilting flower , she .
this afternoon , doris was dressed conservatively in a silk flower print with ivory jimmy choo pumps on her feet .
peter often bought chrissie a small trinket of victorian jewellery , a book or some flowers and it would remind me that i had nobody to do that for except my daughter .
she gave me some wild flowers which annette and she had picked .
we put them in a vase on the kitchen table and i knew i should have explained to her why she should not have been picking flowers from the wild but there was too much on my mind .
he asked if shed had a nice day out and she advised him that she had and did he want to see the flowers she picked .
eamon stood there on the doorstop with a beaming smile , though looking rather tired , and handed me a bunch of mixed flowers , something a man had never before given me .
i went on , meandering this way and that through the flower beds to the garage .
no , but he left flowers on my desk a couple of times and a box with a dead bird .
all the girls flowers were antique and original to the house .
some of the flowers could be found nowhere else .
i walked down the hall past huge grecian urns and flower arrangements that had gone south , their petals forming a carpet on the beautiful marquetry floors .
after an hour of stuffing ourselves , we walked home , smelling the flowers and watching the world hurry by .
i wondered what room he might be staying in - we would like to send some flowers and perhaps visit . '
but if you still want to send some flowers , they 'll be put in his room . '
dad opens the door , and brians there , flowers in hand .
buying you flowers , i think .
the ubiquitous card or flowers .
excuse me but i m wanted over by the flower display .
music drifted over the shoppers heads as a handful of relatives , friends and parents strolled past an impressive display of fresh flowers , a variety of chocolates , a selection of pretty toiletries .
yes , certainly , this one is for flowers , cigarettes , paperback , toy aeroplane .
he was here too apart from when he checked on the flower order first thing .
you do nt have a ban on the giving of flowers in this hospital then , said stuart glancing at the man standing behind him .
he bent down and smelt the flower .
i would say you re the one who knows his flowers , mr pfeiffer .
do you manage to get fresh flowers straight after the weekend as i imagine that can be a problem in some areas .
i was putting in an order of flowers .
the sky was a cloudless blue and millicent pressed the electric window button and breathed in warm august morning , the scent of cut grass and garden flowers from the houses they were passing , the petrol fumes of a major road and the slight background smell of the heather moors as they slipped out of the town .
he is a mason , a rosicrucian and an adept of the western mysteries , and can be found and contacted at : http : //www.mikecrowson.co.uk his books include : witchmoor edge series : witchmoor edge on edge outside edge over the edge edgeways on female of the species ( short stories ) all are ( or will shortly ) be available as ebooks through smashword ) occult novels : the rings of poseidon only the darkness heat stroke the flag and the flower the riddle and the key wytchmoor peak ( and sealed entrance coming shortly ) parallel loop ( short stories ) the first three are available free as .pdf from obooko .
he often sent her a text , or even a bunch of flowers to cheer her up if he knew she would be having a bad day .
stephanie had always made him sleep on sheets with flowers on them .
he kissed her on the cheek and handed her a bouquet of flowers .
he is a mason , rosicrucian and an adept of the western mysteries , and can be found and contacted at : http : //www.mikecrowson.co.uk his books include : witchmoor edge series : witchmoor edge on edge outside edge over the edge edgeways on female of the species ( short stories ) all are ( or will shortly ) be available as ebooks through smashwords or favourite supplier occult novels : the rings of poseidon only the darkness heat stroke the flag and the flower the riddle and the key wytchmoor peak ( and sealed entrance coming shortly ) parallel loop ( short stories ) the first three are available free as .pdf from obooko .
you can be flower girl .
mother banning is being cuffed right now as she lies in a muddy flower bed , and he hesitated , listened to his earpiece , and smiled .
she had let down her hair down and it smelled faintly of flowers , so he gave up on the amulet or talisman or whatever it was and concentrated on gill .
kaitlyn tried to write about something not so close to herself , like flowers or bunnies but she hated those subjects even more and every time she tried to write something happy , it turned out that she was writing about tom .
i would have accepted flowers , kaitlyn joked .
she smiled sheepishly and held out the customary vase of flowers people saw as the ticket price for visiting someone in the hospital .
just because she can crank out pretty pictures of flowers and people lap them up , does n't mean she understood what luthor was going through with the book .
he was going to have to buy flowers for cynth in it for pulling all this off the phone .
i thought about sending flowers , but i suspect they 'd wind up in the trash . ''
while he was trying to figure a reasonable answer for her , she changed the subject , and asked if he styled him self after fictional homicide detective joe morelli or lucas davenport , or was he a virgil flowers ?
had he figured out that she hated cut flowers ?
she drew quickly , exploding shapes onto the square canvas , pulling the eye into the center of the flower .
` ` if i ' m hearing this right , the big issue is that there wo n't be a big showy garden full of flowers for this party . ''
` ` we ' ve placed extra pots of flowers for them to feed on while they 're in here . ''
maybe because he never met a flower who would sleep with its friend 's boyfriend , if flowers had boyfriends , which they probably did n't , seeing as how pollen was delivered by bees .
maybe because he never met a flower who would sleep with its friend 's boyfriend , if flowers had boyfriends , which they probably did n't , seeing as how pollen was delivered by bees .
a depressing thought which explained why all the flowers got along and gardens were such peaceful places .
the painting of the cactus flower reminded him of lia , her guarded attitude and her vulnerability .
muriel , while the flowers you have here may be different from the ones i grew up with near jerusalem , they are just as beautiful in their own way .
buck was working outside piling fresh mulch into flower beds .
i reached for a flower pot on the nearby window ledge .
he laid the flowers on the table and gave me a hand with my pillows as i settled into my reclining position again .
he picked up the flowers .
glenn slid keiths shadowbox over and set the vase of flowers in the middle of the table .
in one , i strolled through a field of beautiful flowers and saw people slow dancing in the distance .
i wanted to talk to her , and i started to run through the flowers .
he stopped by to bring flowers and see how i was feeling .
all of the flowers and roses and shrubs were weeded and bunched together in attractive beds that had clearly been planned by someone with an eye for design .
there were neat little rows of shampoos and soaps and figurines and fresh flowers .
some subtle hints here and there , a saucy smile , and some flowers if you wanted to overdo it - but not this , whatever this way .
next comes noodles made of magnetic rings ( the travel agent ) , followed by botzi ( minimart proprietor ) and aurora ( the flower shop girl ) .
the womens restroom has a few georgia okeeffe prints , her more sexual flower paintings .
to niles , twenty years her senior , she had a good body , not yet broadened by the pounds that so easily collect when the flower of youth has wilted .
they barely had flowers in window boxes when she was a child .
sitting on a bench , she spread her notes out on the wooden trestle table and grabbed a handful of small rocks from the nearby flower bed to anchor the papers .
iris came out of trewellyns carrying an armful of flowers .
she hit the steering wheel with the palm of her left hand , then wilted in the seat like an unwatered flower .
as a concession to her flower addiction , paul bought rose a large , gold - framed painting of a flower garden and centered it on the wall .
as a concession to her flower addiction , paul bought rose a large , gold - framed painting of a flower garden and centered it on the wall .
as he watched her pour water into a vase and dump the flowers in , david carefully rolled up the sleeves of his midnight blue shirt .
stepping away from the counter , gia arranged the flowers in a vase .
just beneath this marker , kip spotted a narrower dirt trail moderately overgrown by weeds and wild flowers .
sometimes , when they re are nt any roses , you can still stop and smell the other flowers .
can you imagine getting tossed in the clink for picking a flower ?
according to the assistant mortician , who took the call , mr . burton arranged to have flowers sent to maeve schlumms family .
the person on that call certainly was nt ordering flowers . ''
they circled around the multiflora rose , considered a noxious weed in iowa and several other states and not to be confused with the state flower , the wild prairie rose .
so many flowers have come in for mom , of course , and we wanted to see those .
` ` ironically , one of the last things he apparently did yesterday was order flowers for your mother .
i m also thinking its odd that the funeral home told sanchez that randy had ordered flowers and jodi did nt see anything with that name .
` ` agent sanchez , another thing , dave schlumms daughter did nt see any flowers from randy .
every room had the eerie glow of security lights and was heavy with the scent of funeral flowers .
where flowers once grew along with flowering bushes and trees laid a worn dirt path from the house to the mailbox .
on top of her casket was a wreath of her favorite flowers , roses and mums .
besides , hollis looked so caring and trustworthy as he stood there with a bouquet of flowers and presents for the kids .
they were plowing , sowing seeds and planting trees and flowers .
in the early hours of the morning , veasty was strolling wearily in the flower gardens of thurin - hill where legend had it that theorbane met the nurdoress .
it had flowers scattered around and even had food lining it .
it had candles lit around a margarita machine and a bunch of pictures with flowers surrounding it .
there were skulls , flowers , pictures , alcohol bottles and food .
winters newsletter 178 terror flower a novel by thomas hollyday terror flower by thomas hollyday , copyright thomas hollyday 2012 all rights reserved .
the room smelled of cut flowers and sweat .
tench studied stagmatter who stood opposite him on the other side of the flower covered casket .
black - eyed susan , the state flower of maryland , katy had explained .
it is the bloom of the flower of freedom .
then she started mentioning flowers , maybe the words black - eyed susan .
the flower like we painted on the old wrecker truck ?
the flower again , said tench .
in front of him were painted in white the words black - eyed susan and beside them the drawing of a flower with a black hub and yellow petals .
a glimmer of the irony hit him as he remembered a long ago lecture of his grammar school teacher about the beauty of the maryland state flower .
he hung an arm over pickett 's shoulder and guided him down the large paneled hall , past an arrangement of multicolored cut flowers and a black maid with a doily on her head .
i dedicate this novella to the many hardworking farmers , botanists , and conservationists , who labor to keep food on our tables , flowers in our gardens , and the skies alive with birds and bees .
i guess i really just want to know for sure that it was nt about my life as marigold flowers .
marigold flowers never talked like that .
marigold flowers was too busy running away from the scary things in life .
reluctant witness tells the story of marigold flowers on the run from contract killers .
they took the right one that had flowers lined up on both the sides .
the flowers on the sides of the gravel walkway were well pruned with all the grass weeded out .
the caf looked old with windows covered with flower boxes .
there were lines of blooming flowers on either side of the road .
she grabbed the flower pot and was on the verge of hitting him from behind , when she remembered who she was to this man .
she grunted in frustration and threw the flower pot away .
she grabbed the flower pot and hid it behind her back .
she heaved a sigh and kept the flower pot at its place .
bees hung around it , even in the late afternoon , and the flowers drooped in the humidity .
the flowers fragrance set an irresistible ambiance for a romantic southern evening .
as the path turned , i stepped out of the maze of flowers , surprised at the sight of seven sisters , with her faded white columns rising up like an ancient greek temple from the dark woods that surrounded her .
he knew she would rather be in the library or tugging at flowers and weeds or at her mothers bedsideanywhere but there .
instead of signing his name , ashland had written a big , elaborate a. i opened the box to find a bouquet of exquisite flowers including indian pinks , irises and sweet tea roses .
it was a thoughtful gesture , and i tried not to read too much into it , but it was the first time in my whole life that i had received flowers from a man .
however , i did manage to make small changes , like exchanging my coral pendant on the gold chain for the jade choker or sliding a flower behind my ear .
it was nt nearly as beautiful as it had been , but i was happy to see that some of the important spots remaineda tree here and certain flowers there .
i meant to when you gave me the flowers , but ... she s nervous too .
you have yellow origami flowers in a vase in your living room , he pointed out .
the polished wood floors , fresh flowers on the tables , and well - dressed wait staff indicated this was not a pizzeria aimed at young kids .
i was fixin to take my rowboat out and lay flowers out on the water , at the center of the pond .
he took up the flowers and looked at them for a long moment .
she looked like a flower fairy come to life .
it was more of a comment that she was so looking forward to seeing the auction piece sandwiched between a compliment on the color scheme and a request for where claire had found the flowers for the center pieces .
thus , the influx of the marriage minded from a plethora of towns and cities in a three to four hour radius continued unabated , and the residents made the most of the increase in business for the local flower shops while it lasted ( knowing that like all trends , this one would fade away soon enough ) .
i m not really sure if the flower arrangement up front is put together the proper way , but i was honestly too embarrassed to call and ask for help .
i call flower girl !
i want to be the flower girl !
the other two picked up something metallic while still eyeing the flower girl basket .
they took measured steps that kept them perfectly even ( despite their difference in height ) , and they reached the end of the aisle with no visible trace of their previous animosity over the flower girl basket apparent .
i get the flower girl basket !
the taller of the two women shrieked as she very nearly ran over ashley in her enthusiasm ( desperation , determination , obsession -- whatever you might want to call it ) to get to the flower girl basket before her competition .
poor ashley was up against the chair upon which the flowers had been sitting and the wall .
unfortunately , going sideways put her in the path of the other onrushing flower girl wan na be .
the women smacking each others hands out of the way as they reached for the flower girls basket ( still being held above ashleys head ) , however , would not have been out of place in such an early childhood setting .
she was prepared for a standoff ( anyone walking in at that moment would think that there was something far more serious at stake than possession of a beribboned basket containing several handfuls of petals that had been torn from their flowers of origin ) .
this left each woman with a free hand with which to actually toss the petals ( the goal , of course , of being the flower girl ) , so that part worked out well .
this could be because the contested over flower girl job had reached the end of its doableness , they might suddenly have recalled their age and supposed maturity level , or it might be that they both found something more important than their grievance with each other to take up their attention .
pleased with themselves ( or with the attention ) the two sank into the pew on the grooms side front row with the flower girls basket between them and no sign that there had ever been anything but perfect harmony in their thoughts and actions to be observed .
looking relieved at this acceptable ( and nonviolent ) conclusion of the flower girl procession , ashley started to make her solo walk down the aisle .
i want to see those flowers .
some of the guests thought she was continuing on without her flowers .
ashley returned to chessies pew and waited next to the woman who still had her nose buried in the bouquet of flowers examining the ribbon that was wound around the handle with more intensity of focus than should have been required .
she handed the flowers over without a word .
the image resembled the dark wing of a butterfly resting on a darker petal of a flower , but she could not be sure .
she worked in it , grooming the flowers and plants shed planted last fall .
and tell him that i burned herr hitlers flowers and sympathy messages .
in those days , people were not really buying flowers .
the office on the left reflected a female hand , a vase of dried silk flowers , a framed poster on the larger wall , and a diffuser on the metal desk .
do i buy her flowers ?
it seemed he knew quite a few songs about farming the land and watching flowers grow .
they got permission from their local council to use the plots , planting up vegetables and edible flowers .
the wives and widows were going all over salford , putting the scarlet flowers out to remind people of the sacrifice that ordinary men and women had made over a series of conflicts .
melia was standing under a tree , off to one side , but the vista increasingly reminded her of pictures she 'd seen of the great war - the earthworks , the mud , the blood red flowers .
this lot had poppies too , but they were n't real flowers : they were ceramic .
it was a spectacle , the lines of red flowers - some real , some not - the figures planting , up to their knees and elbows in mud , and the silent line of police personnel , bearing witness .
there were people selling vegetables , and people selling flowers .
at one point he saw the famous henry mayhew interviewing a seller of flowers for another article in the morning chronicle .
perhaps they should bring flowers into the shop to encourage more women .
the costermongers believe the police are just thieves in uniforms , sending little girls selling apples and flowers off to jail , where they ll die on the treadmill .
the doggies fertilize the grass and flowers .
i m sensing a hurdle in your emotion flower bed of pretty yellow weeds .
the countess swept down the stairs and gushed over him and his flowers .
madame can not arrange flowers .
pierre carried the withered flowers with him .
a surprised burglar is an outside chance in this city where people are so honest that you can leave the ignition keys in the car , where flower - sellers walk away from their stalls every evening , knowing that the flowers will be there in the morning .
a surprised burglar is an outside chance in this city where people are so honest that you can leave the ignition keys in the car , where flower - sellers walk away from their stalls every evening , knowing that the flowers will be there in the morning .
you will not find any lavish decorated rooms , no glittering crystal chandeliers suspended from soaring ceilings , no ornamented springtime carved doors , and no exquisitely detailed frieze , molding swirling flowers across the ceiling plaster , because this is antebellum house .
soft stem - like a flower chloe giggles .
its referred as your flower so we will call it that also .
the inner lips are the flower part of your body , which are highly reactive a tender touch of his single finger pad , then eventually his massive dick .
put your index finger into your flower for a second time and make sure your still dripping with vaginal wetness .
chloe watches each belles lie on their bed with their naked legs spread shoving an index finger into their flower , wiggling their digit up and down for fun and pleasure .
my flower met stan .
and my flower is very excited about meeting both stan and his little guy , giggles .
a very important play in getting your flower petals open for my little guy , kisses her nose , before you enjoy my fucking pleasure , sweetheart .
he uses the tip of his tongue to lightly lick her flower as she groans with delight .
he flicks the tip then twirls it around the outer lips of her flower then dips his tongue into my inner lips .
he chuckles , placing his face into her flower then tongue lashes .
he gently moves up and down along the lips of her flowers as she closes her eyelashes enjoying the new erotic pleasure .
he gently lies over her body with his legs parting her legs lifting his left side to see her flower .
she feels his heated skin touch the lips of her flower then intense pain .
a little pain , your flower will conform fast then were more than one .
he sweetly strikes her flower with the tip of his little guy up and down teasing and taunting her .
my little guy wants to smell your flower , one more time .
then i promise and cross my heart hell fall fast asleep , kisses her lips , finger fucking her flower .
a gray thickly covered chenille loveseat or a fugly ugly loveseat of white background with a horizontal row of big red petal flowers hugs the shoulder blades , a row yellow flowers slaps the butthole and a row of baby blue petal flowers kisses the legs .
a gray thickly covered chenille loveseat or a fugly ugly loveseat of white background with a horizontal row of big red petal flowers hugs the shoulder blades , a row yellow flowers slaps the butthole and a row of baby blue petal flowers kisses the legs .
a gray thickly covered chenille loveseat or a fugly ugly loveseat of white background with a horizontal row of big red petal flowers hugs the shoulder blades , a row yellow flowers slaps the butthole and a row of baby blue petal flowers kisses the legs .
a decorative silver studded black leather collar suffocates her neck and a pair of black lace panties hides her flower .
i call my precious vagina , a flower .
i m aroused making my flower open for your , big boy , winks flirting like a real whore , not a southern belle .
this is my flower .
she plans to fuck my flower producing multiple sexual orgasms until she passes out from exhaustion , not smiling .
ill pretty your flower with my seedlings , grunts and chuckles .
she feels his fellow racking against her tummy then moves his fellow closer down to her flower dripping his penis juice on her curly pubic hairs .
aw , she screams with excited pleasure and pain as her little flower expands for his great big fellow .
gerrit comfortably parks his little fellow inside her little flower gently rubbing her ass with his warm hands .
he circles his hips as she feels his little fellow wiggling awake , produces intense pain and erotic pleasure inside her little flower .
she giggles at her first fun event with badass gerrit leaking her vagina - juice from her little flower over the bed linens .
you play with your flower .
she continues to finger fuck her little flower cutting her eyelashes at gerrit .
they finger fuck her little flower creating intense passion , pleasure , and excitement building up into their second orgasm .
the vagina discharge drips out her little flower .
we call it a flower .
its time for me to plant some new seedlings into your rose flower garden .
she slowly drops her little flower onto his tip descending over his big fellow .
i like , he groans and grabs her ankles jolting his hips into her little flower .
he bucks up and down his hips and his little fellow into her little flower using his butt and legs muscles .
he penetrates his little flower from behind slowly and gently as she closes her eyelashes enjoying a new sensation and tenderness of big bad asshole gerrit .
he lifts her leg shifting it over his hip then dives his little fellow deeper into her little flower , jo doll . , says into her eardrum shifting his hand down to her vagina lips .
he explodes his little fellow into her little flower .
she selects new panties for her wet little flower jerking a jean skirt over her wet legs until she can bathe ... correction therethey can bath together .
just curious like a cat since tuck might be having an allergic reaction to her flora perfume or some other sweet or bitter potted flowers or other smelly fragrance inside her bedroom .
then i upped so high that my flower missed his stinger , giggles .
how many times did he ejaculate into your flower , mary margaret ?
how many times did your beau ejaculate into your flower , naomi ?
your flower contained my badass boys for five full days , before they died .
we talked while she continued weeding and working in her flower garden .
lounging in one bed of flowers was an amorphous bronze sculpture by henry moore .
i love the warm weather and the beautiful flowers .
i replay events from the time we returned to the hotel and realize that only one person went to the second floor flower shirt has it .
the chefs are somewhat surprised to see me hurry through their kitchen and out the rear door but give no alarm i leap to clutch the top of the seven foot dividing property fence and swing over like a pole - vaulter and land among flower pots on the other side .
there were still more flowers here ; on the fitted carpet , full - blown pink roses on the faded chintz - covered suite , delicate , tightly - enclosed buds on the wallpaper .
but i venture a guess that your interest is not in my flower garden .
there were a few bouquets of flowers outside the door .
i did n't know what worried me more , the partially burned threat or the loving card and flowers .
plus , i did n't know where these flowers came from .
` ` he 's not the flower giving type .
she was happy about her flowers , bitching about rebecca .
i handed her the card from the flowers .
she threw her hands in the air , the petals of the flower held their own .
some space - cadet flower child picked up the call and told me vince was out trying to score some weed , and that i should call back later .
sometimes bad things happen to bad people , but i do nt think ill send flowers .
it had the biggest roses i d ever seen , but obviously the flowers were nt real .
dimmed lights , tablecloths with flowers in the middle , who knew a pizza parlor could be so romantic and cozy ?
huge planters sat along the sidewalks , overflowing with flowers that drooped slightly as they reached their final days for the season .
candlelit dinners , flowers , and demons.yes , going to a movie and dinner was far too normal for me .
my first hope stood at the head of the casket next to several flower stands , bawling his eyes out .
by the time i finished fending people off , bill lampi was nt hiding out behind the flower arrangements any more .
bill lampi , dwarfed by the flower arrangements , stood alone at the foot of the casket , so i hurried over .
grandma johnsons front yard has a toilet filled with plastic flowers , and in her garden are wood - carved people bent over picking vegetables .
he slipped his arm around my shoulders as we walked among the dried stalks of last summer 's flowers .
they 'll probably cover the scene again just to be sure the other one is n't lying around in a flower bed someplace . ''
i raked the winter 's dead leaves from the flower beds , pruned the rose bushes back , and watered everything long and deep .
i laid the flowers in the sink and pulled a paper towel from the roll to wipe my hands .
i set the vase and flowers down and went to her .
i tried to put stacy out of my mind while i arranged the flowers in a vase , tidied the house , and changed into clean jeans .
as i stepped off the porch , i saw a lady in the next yard holding the garden hose sprayer over a flower bed .
a wall of windows overlooked the flower garden .
herbs and flowers hung upside down from a rod in the greenhouse just off the kitchen .
worms modest apartment was just off taft avenue , above a flower shop owned by his uncle .
dagger held a bunch of flowers and searched for a place to put them .
her bedroom smelled of fresh flowers and subtle perfume .
the odd cardinal flower still surprised with its intense red flower , bright against the black rock .
in the phil cosmos , a man retains his sanity by cultivating a garden with three varieties of mental flowers growing .
tell lilliana to send his family flowers when she gets in .
please , buy your wife some flowers , though .
its gray - veined white marble , ornate gold - framed paintings , and vases of fresh flowers were leftovers from a more glamorous past .
i take all the flowers to the church .
two houses in from the end of the block , there s a big white house with a white fence and a bunch of pumpkins and flowers and shit on the front porch .
sasha stopped as laura appeared on the doorstep outside the kitchen door , a whole foods market bag and a bouquet of cut flowers in her arms .
the groceries tumbled to the floor , followed by flowers .
thanks to a listening device mrs . weatherby volunteered to plant on the phone in her husbands den ( the legality of which was questionable , strictly speaking ) , i recorded conversations between ned weatherby and his mother ( loved the flowers dear but you really should nt have ) , ned and his old army buddies ( did men never outgrow toilet humor ?
very quickly , i poked at the flowers .
picking her flowers , wooing her .
cremation had already taken place , and there was no mention of flowers or contributions to be sent to a favorite charity .
i guess maybe rafe , if it was he who had drafted the obit , had nt expected anyone to care enough to want to send flowers .
the only nice thing about the room was a bouquet of flowers on the windowsill , and even they looked droopy and wilted .
it looks like your flowers could use some water , i said brightly , attempting to hide my horror at the small , dingy , depressing room .
i repeated , looking up from the flower arranging .
it looked like some strange , tiny , metal flower had bloomed there .
she stared down at me with a look of wonder as if i were some beautiful new species of flower that shed just discovered .
just then , andrew lit a flower and threw it into the middle of the street where it spun and hopped and buzzed and when it finally slowed down and only a small tongue of flame licked out form the side , he yelled out to all of the children that had shown up to the party .
he swallowed what he had in his mouth and said , its a flower .
i turned back to the older boy and asked , i ve never seen a flower like that before .
i began , but when i saw him flick open jacobs silver zippo and spin the wheel into life i knew that it was nt lifesavers he was holding , it was the flower he had found the day after the firework show on our street .
we smiled at each other , she like a child , excited , her feet tapping on the floor wildly , and me like a proud father , disbelieving that this young flower had grown more beautiful than ever .
i brushed her cheek , and like a budding flower , she peeled back and gazed up into my eyes .
she was dressed in a simple flower print dress and without make - up .
phillis stood up and stared out the window onto manning street with its old philadelphia cobblestones and its narrow houses -- some of them stone , most brick , with flower boxes and painted front doors .
in her hand was a flower , which she was sniffing suggestively .
the air was magnificent this morning and the smell of flowers all around her made it a perfect day for breakfast outside .
it attracts like a flower and kills like a snake .
louisa was no fainting flower .
` ` ok . '' all the information two days after my vow to fix my life , i was sitting on charlene miller 's overstuffed white couch with black - and - white photographs of flowers ( suggestive flowers ) above my head .
` ` ok . '' all the information two days after my vow to fix my life , i was sitting on charlene miller 's overstuffed white couch with black - and - white photographs of flowers ( suggestive flowers ) above my head .
an elaborate flower arrangement stood on a pier table next to a large , imposing , dark , wooden door .
the ladies ' room was all marble , with fresh - cut flowers and one little couch .
the flowers were pretty , and i did n't understand why he was destroying them .
an oriental vase of fresh - cut flowers lay shattered , the table it had set on tipped .
that there vase of flowers crashed over first , gabe explained .
` ` i have seven sisters and we 're all named for flowers .
there is usually a flower arrangement or soap dish on the counter .
as he turned the corner he saw an empty counter , no flowers , no soap .
there were four flower cars in the procession .
right sweetheart , i want them in the cabana on the beach , have it made up nice , like we were staying there , flowers , the whole bit .
it would probably be a good idea for the guy to have flowers too if he wanted anything to happen .
i was a wilted flower compared to her tonight and i had thought i looked pretty good .
chloe said , automatically dropping everything and stooping down to help clean up the broken vase and flowers .
jeanette said , walking back toward them with towels and a bag for the broken glass and flowers .
the flower arrangements in that hall had to cost more money than i made in a month .
she was holding a figurine of a mother and small daughter planting flowers together .
mandas thought was that the room should have seemed too busy and very cramped with the wallpaper of huge flowers , but the effect was one of coziness and airy freshness .
fresh flowers were arranged in a low bowl in the center of the table .
the cemetery near the rear of live oaks had been visited and fresh flowers laid at the headstones of the owners who had gone before .
mounds of low growing flowers flourished around the base of the cottage .
manda could see that flagstone paths wound through beds of riotously blooming flowers , shrubs and trees .
she breathed air scented by flowers .
ill make it a point to talk to teresa today or tomorrow about their favorite flowers and scents so i can make my plans .
hobbies : cookingquiltinggrows flowers for cutting grows grapes and berries .
there was a small flower garden to my left , its tiny rose buds bravely fighting for life in the chilly spring air .
do you like the flower garden ?
a yellow butterfly caught my eye ; i followed its fluttering path with my eyes , watching it softly land on a flower .
despite what the young girl becky had said , nicholas was a dedicated gardener ; various herbs , plants and flowers were carefully and tastefully located in different parts of the yard .
well , aunt harriet , you ve certainly helped this little flower to blossom , he observed .
she was said to be as delicate as a flower .
she cultivated those flowers , and the garden was known and admired by many people in town for its beauty and simplicity .
under the horse was a dead soldier , his severed arm seemed to be holding a shattered sword from which a flower was growing .
its a flower .
a jumble of flowers and weeds , it looked as if it had been untended for years , yet was more beautiful for its neglect .
he sped up the rough - stoned pavement that lined the little village of mandelieu , narrowly missing an old woman and her flower cart coming down the same road .
we sent flowers to your parents , deirdre said , looking down at her doodling as she spoke .
they think we are little flowers that need to be carried around in a button hole , comme a .
she moved between the headstones , careful not to trample the flowers that mourners had placed next to the graves , and took a seat on one of the many wrought iron benches .
she bustled officiously across to the late principals desk with a small vase of rather decayed dried flowers , then seemed to catch her heel and pitched forward .
they had carefully positioned themselves , so not to step on the delicate flowers blooming next to the wall .
the yard , if you could call it that was as generally rough looking , except nearer to the house were several flower beds , filled with tulips and easter lilies in bloom , it must be early spring , she thought .
shed been tied up after dinner , when a couple of women from the party committee , showed up , and dragged her off to look at flowers for the ball .
it had required changing into a dress and heels , and driving all the way to cedar , only to remember they did n't need the extra expense ; after all she assured them , the green house 's would be able to supply all the cut flowers they could use .
she sighed looking down at the small flowers growing at the edge of the porch .
beth had been cooking for days , alex cutting and arranging flowers , and rob and the kids had been busy setting up the kids little game area .
the fastest growing flowers , she found to be her own children , jason may have bought the first computer , but by the fourth of july , the kids had turned one of the cottages into a small wonderland of electronic devices .
the sights , the sounds , even the strong sent of rose 's that filled the air , but this rose smell was coming from the cut flowers , that adorned the room .
wild flowers covered everything she could see .
this was one of the best houses in the village , surrounded by lawns and wide beds , in which exotic flowers grew in tasteful arrangements against a backdrop of perfectly trimmed shrubs .
helford looked confused , so dean continued : its a chilean glory flower , eccre - something .
one time , we were camping in the mountains and my sister went out on her own , looking for some wild flowers to press into a collection she was so proud of .
buried among the flowers , they found a knife and a plastic bag of what they called trophy mementos .
i think our little flower discovered that she was beautiful and ... she frowned .
denise troweled a hole in a flower bed , inserted a bulb of indeterminate species , and filled the hole again .
she offered her hand and , when i shook it , deposited bits of flower bed in my palm .
* * * * i was still evading lees green - eyed gaze when i got home to find my young landlady on her knees in the flowers beside the drive .
i followed her into a blue - green riot of wallpaper , bedspread , and drapery flowers that threatened to overgrow maple dressers and a king - sized colonial bed .
i wo n't buy a house on long island or westchester county and fill it with portraits of astronauts and presidents , reproduction louis quinze chairs , and plastic flowers .
inmates friends who had been incarcerated for a long time encouraged him to become a wall flower .
send her the flowers .
i skipped the professional advice and sent the flowers .
flowersthe smell of cut flowers at a funeraltrying to comfort a family in their sorrowsaying the rosary at a wakeconnies wakewhy was nt god with her that day ? vickioliviathreats from a killerwho ? clues colonel mustardin the librarywith a knifemichael eddy ? in a storeroomwith a candle ? cosmic raysdivine or demonic ?
olivia would be the flower girl and joey the ring bearer .
olivia and i were to meet vicki and joey at five oclock at the king of prussia mall to buy outfits for the flower girl and ring bearer .
daddy and aunt vicki are getting married today , grandma , and i m the flower girl .
olivia , in a white dress , black patent leather slippers , and white sox with little ruffles around the ankles started up the aisle with her basket of flowers , tossing pink rose petals onto the white runner with a flourish .
can i throw my flowers ?
olivia tossed flowers and skipped .
i told you , he laughed , i do nt do flowers .
from the outside , it might appear that there were more straightforward - more conventional - courses that could be adopted in the pursuit of the seduction of a young woman : flowers were normally a fairly safe bet ; poems worked in some cases ; even the direct approach , a no nonsense question , will you ?
she sheepishly looked at me like a child who had just broken moms favorite flower vase .
more than likely it looked like a large silver wine glass or flower vase .
like the flower revived by et , shrivelled little stacey began to blossom as the column gained notoriety .
ones got this woven - in flower design , like a chintzy old sofa , the others like a goodyear blimp with sleeves .
the garden at the back of the house was filled with herbs and vegetables ; amanda was not one for flowers or fancy plants .
the half acre of land is unkempt and without any specific purpose , no flowers , no vegetables or well kept lawn , exactly how the previous owner left it .
i stand , trespassing on a tourist perch , one adorned with flower beds , benches and canon .
just their luck , it seemed like down every street , at least one resident was outside : mowing their grass , fixing up their flower bed , walking their dog .
zo noted they were nt like any of the baby powder or musk scents that were so popular today ; these perfumes captured the scents of different blooming flowers .
jim then looked at their shopping cart , filled with flowers and a couple of small potted trees .
* as claire dug a hole for her mother to place a potted flower , she was thinking about business opportunities .
she was part hispanic and part french and looked as beautiful as a flower .
the mother and daughter picked some wild flowers that were in blossom along the road toward the gate .
as claire went to take her flower , larry grabbed her hand and kissed it , but in doing so lost grip of his deck of cards and they fell to the floor of the stage , all face up .
how does anyone know what are weeds or what are sea flowers ?
an old negro groundskeeper was planting a bed of flowers off to the side of the house .
perfect for flowers , archie thought , noticing the number of bouquets spread about the room : bunches of roses , golden pillars of daffodils , forests of white irises .
your mother liked flowers ?
it is very awkward to have missed on giving a gift or flowers or at least a card on the appropriate day , especially to someone who i considered very dateable material , someone i wanted to spend a lot more time with .
cultivation of the opium poppy , papaver somniferum , dates back thousands of years when it was called the flower of joy .
then , i did nt know what kind of flower , but i liked it .
i was soon wading through rows of tall flowers .
others were slitting flowers , a step in the harvesting process i recalled reading about on the internet .
this really is not the time for flowers , she said with irritation .
but these are nt just any flowers , i said softly .
charlie fluffed her pillows , checked her water pitcher , tucked in the blankets , kissed her forehead , kissed the baby 's head , fluffed the baby , then started to rearrange the flowers that his mother had sent , moving the big stargazer lily in the front , accenting it with a spray of baby 's breath - ` ` charlie ! ''
` ` the flowers need water today , '' said mrs . korjev .
he wondered if the girl at the flower stand , from whom he often bought a carnation for his lapel , had a soul , or would give hers up while he watched her die .
just down the hall there was a table with an artificial flower arrangement .
he paid her for two hours in advance and dozed off , feeling her hands on his skin , and he dreamed of rachel and sex , and when he woke up lotus flower was massaging his temples and tears were running into his ears .
the haight : mecca for the free love movement of the sixties , where the beat generation begat the flower children , where kids from all over the country had come to tune in , turn on , and drop out - and had kept coming , even as the neighborhood went through alternating waves of renewal and decline .
the buzz of voices lured him ahead to a ballroom with soaring gilded ceilings that boasted hand - blown chandeliers shaped as flowers and vines .
one offered abbie a flute of champagne she accepted before moving on past exotic flower arrangements taller than her that were nothing short of artistic brilliance .
totally agitated by it now , she snatched the door open to find a small box right where the flowers had been .
put some flowers there .
there were photos and wilting flowers and crosses and notes .
marcia had taken the photo with haley 's iphone in its pink case with the purple flower decal .
the peonies in the flower boxes burst with so much color that wendy wondered whether they were plastic .
the bright yellow couch with blue flowers was behind them , wrapped in plastic , ready to be loaded for cincinnati .
i need to arrange for some flowers . ''
he had in his hands a huge arrangement of mixed spring flowers in a tall , clear glass vase .
angel was holding the flowers , looking them over carefully .
and the same thing held true for shelby , who was much more likely to buy angel a new running outfit or a punching bag than a huge bouquet of flowers .
` ` having to answer questions about these flowers would just complicate things even more , and i know damn good and well shelby did n't send them . ''
we both stood and gazed at the flowers some more , but since they did n't suddenly communicate who had sent them , or blow up , or do anything but sit there looking like flowers , this had limited appeal .
we both stood and gazed at the flowers some more , but since they did n't suddenly communicate who had sent them , or blow up , or do anything but sit there looking like flowers , this had limited appeal .
suddenly i wondered if he 'd sent the flowers .
` ` pretty flowers , '' he said , still without inflection .
i did n't tell him about the flowers , either .
` ` did angel tell you about the flowers ? ''
` ` someone ordered flowers delivered to this address yesterday .
i had a kindergarten class coming in fifteen minutes , and i 'd left a note requesting yesterday 's volunteer to cut out twentytwo spring flowers , one for each child to write his or her name on , to stick to the ends of the bookshelves .
hopefully , each child would bring a parent into the library to see the flower , and the child and the parent would both check out books .
` ` listen , i ' ve got to tell the others , and send a flower arrangement to the hospital ; do n't you have a group coming in this morning , roe ? ''
five minutes later , i met the kindergarten class at the door with a shaky smile , and hoped they would n't notice my hands were trembling as i passed each of them a bright construction paper flower .
` ` the flowers , sent to get you in trouble with your husband .
the delivery of the flowers seemed so long ago i 'd forgotten about it completely .
western hill was landscaped to the nth degree , with flowers , shrubs , and grass that looked clipped with a level .
i knew from past experience that soon the dirt would be mounded , the flowers laid over it , the artificial turf removed .
` ` see the bed of flowers i ' ve got for you ? ''
the ` ` bed of flowers '' was the funeral arrangements spread neatly on the freshly turned dirt .
` ` i 'll kill him and we 'll share the bed of flowers .
not if he found out she really had meant to give him a ` ` back off '' signal yesterday after spending the afternoon planting some damn flowers in her yard .
` ` he comes up with fresh ideas , like the other day when he helped me arrange my new flower bed . ''
jeremy had n't even known the flowers were pansies or had a clue about planting them .
` ` you wrote the flower order i picked up for you last week on a business card with your number . ''
in the summer , the flower beds were choked with weeds and the grass was rarely mowed .
his wife had been dead for years , and from the flower beds and the sagging wicker porch furniture and the torn curtains hanging in the upstairs windows , it was obvious the place was missing the feminine touch it was not getting .
pink and white azaleas burst forth from the flower beds .
he made sure that plenty of flowers surrounded her .
he just stood by her bed , flowers clutched in his hand , his head down like a little boy 's waiting for the teacher to scold him .
eventually he handed her the flowers and walked out .
some residents were functional , but most wilted in wheelchairs like dying flowers .
maybe bring flowers . ''
gullberg had a bunch of flowers in his hand when he got into the lift at sahlgrenska hospital at the same time as a short - haired woman in a dark jacket .
i 'd like to leave these flowers for karl axel bodin . ''
i just want to leave the flowers . ''
gullberg had brought the flowers with him mainly as an excuse .
he had flowers in one hand and a briefcase in the other . ''
he got into the lift and stood perfectly still , holding the flowers . ''
` ` he did talk to the nurse and he left the flowers at the desk , at her instruction .
but inspector erlander did not like the idea that a mentally ill accountant , or whatever he was , could wander into a hospital with a bunch of flowers in one hand and a pistol in the other .
she wore a thin , white cotton dress and held a bouquet of flowers in her hand .
` ` leave flowers on karin 's doorstep with apologetic note . ''
taped to one of the flowers ' stems was a note margo 'd folded to look like an envelope .
she handed me the bouquet once i stopped , and i sprinted down a sidewalk , placed the flowers on karin 's doorstep , and sprinted back .
a pink van was parked in my driveway , with fancy flowers painted on the side .
i had n't gotten flowers in ... well , i just could n't remember .
though i wear plastic gloves when i work , my hands still get rough , and i was anxious i would damage the delicate smoothness of the flower .
i fought an impulse to call the florist and send some flowers right back to him , to show him how he 'd touched me .
` ` thank you for the flowers , '' i said , my back still to him .
` ` the flowers , '' i began , and then stopped to take another deep breath .
suddenly , i wondered if this was the real reason for the flowers , the evening out : this conversation .
i went inside and looked at the flowers , still beautiful and sweet .
after they 'd checked out the backyard and found a gate unlocked , and many footprints in the flower beds , the police said i could go .
i had some flowers in a bud vase in my right hand , and my cane in my left , so i was glad the doors were automatic .
it was designed to look like a flower , the petals formed of pinkish opals , the center a pearl circled by tiny diamond chips .
her bullet hit jim box , who 'd been beyond darcy ; i glimpsed a red flower blossoming on his chest .
i pointed to the flowers .
` ` what kind of flowers are we carrying ? ''
she and varena had to take anna to a friend 's birthday party , and then to pick up anna 's flower girl dress , which was being shipped to the local penney 's catalog store after some delay .
tamsin placed the flowers on the broad windowsill , and cliff came to the side of the bed and peered down at me .
i shuffled into our bedroom , saw two more little flower arrangements and two cards .
birdie rossiter sent flowers and included a card from her dog durwood . ''
` ` the winthrops sent flowers , carlton from next door dropped by and left a card , the mccorkindales brought flowers . ''
` ` the winthrops sent flowers , carlton from next door dropped by and left a card , the mccorkindales brought flowers . ''
` ` i enjoyed the flowers . ''
it was loaded down with something wrapped in dark plastic , like the sheets you buy to put in flower beds to keep weeds down ; i could see the faint shine off the smooth plastic surface .
i was stunned to receive flowers with his name on the card .
while i knelt in the bathroom , using the special rinse attachment to flush the shampoo out of durwood 's coat , i interrupted mrs . rossiter 's monologue on next month 's garden club flower show to ask her what her husband had been like .
the scent of the banks of flowers filled the air of the church , already challenged by all these people , and my head began to ache .
maybe because i was stifling - the press of people and the heavy scent of flowers almost overwhelmed me - i found myself wondering if my own funeral would have been as well attended if i 'd died when i 'd been abducted years before .
glass candelabra dangled from the high ceiling , illuminating the polished ivory marble floor below and accentuating the flower reliefs adorning the ivory - colored walls .
i stared at the urns overflowing with blossoming flowers lining the sidewalk outside our window and inhaled the clean , morning air wafting in through the open door .
but how could i keep my cool with mountaintops covered in sparkling snow surrounding a shimmering lake como as a backdrop , green ivy climbing up the sides of the balcony , and blossoming flowers at my feet ?
` ` he sent over flowers and i thought he was serious about it , so i caved in and listened to his crap .
for some reason , i expected it to be majestic with a cobblestone path , trimmed hedges , maybe even a glasshouse , and hunting grounds - and definitely lots of flowers .
i could smell their faint scent and remembered they were sylvie 's favorite flowers .
if jett thought he could treat me like some fragile flower that had to be protected at all costs , he was wrong .
salander helped carry the blankets downstairs and brought in flower vases , tables , chaises longues , and other unfixed items from around the pool .
a vase for flowers would n't hurt either .
there were no flowers anywhere .
on the wall behind the desk was a large collection of pressed flowers in neat meticulous rows .
vanger gestured towards the tray , but blomkvist pretended not to see ; instead he made a tour of the room , first studying the bookshelf and then the wall of framed flowers .
today there 's a small flower bed and lawn there , but in the sixties it was a gravelled area used for parking .
when harriet was eight she gave me a birthday present , a pressed flower , framed . ''
vanger walked around the desk and pointed to the first flower .
` ` 1967 , a year after she disappeared , i received this flower on my birthday .
` ` how did the flower come to you ? ''
ice flowers formed on the insides of the windows , and no matter how much wood he put in the stove , he was still cold .
` ` i assume it was anita who posted the flowers . ''
the coffee table was a semi oak square , a short stack of attractive , unread magazines on one end , silk flowers in the middle , a couple of coffee books on the other end .
well , it had n't been all flowers .
` ` but i want to send her flowers .
matt avoided the flower beds , which were a strange thing to worry about at a time like this , but he did it anyway .
did you notice the flowers around his statue out front . ''
there were beads in the room and tie - dye and a ` ` where have all the flowers gone '' poster .
long after everyone else had turned in their tie - dyes and flower power and peace beads , after the others had gotten haircuts and shaved off their beards , ira stayed true to the cause .
her grave had fresh flowers on it .
they put flowers and peace signs all over it .
no keepsakes or flowers or stuffed bears .
lucy carries flowers , but she should know better .
we do n't place flowers on tombstones in our tradition .
i also do n't know who the flowers are for - my mother or her father .
she puts the flowers down carefully .
` ` barby '' commented on the marble - topped table and the silk flowers , and i explained about the furniture .
yes , we want flowers .
she handed me the flowers , and travis and i posed .
i ' m surprised he chooses not to banter back with a flower insult , considering my mother named all four of us after a plant .
i smile back , but i shrink inside like a wilted flower .
` ` you look like a wilted flower , '' he tells me .
lo gives me things that i like much better than diamonds or flowers .
rose squats on the ground next to purple hydrangeas , ivy spindling up the iron gate beside the robust flowers .
` ` where are the flowers ? ''
` ` he really expects to win you back with flowers .
i ca n't tell if it 's an empty flower pot or a vase .
her hands busy themselves with folding a paper napkin into a flower .
as soon as lily spots the flowers , she slips behind my back and clutches onto my shirt - like whoever sent the floral arrangements are about to jump from the vase and grow life - sized .
he tips the vases upside down , only the flowers and cards falling into my trash bag .
i feel less like a wilted flower , but mostly , i just ca n't stop breathing so quickly .
her golden - brown hair compliments her flower sundress .
she was saddled with a second flower name .
from here , i smell the fresh cut flowers that fill the vase on the glass coffee table .
daisy leans back on the legs of her chair and folds her cloth napkin into a flower , clearly bored .
her poor date looks like a wilted flower , beaten to death by rose 's intelligence .
no boy has ever sent me flowers .
` ` you already gave me flowers . ''
he was enticing like the gorgeous exterior to a poisonous flower .
holding her flowers up to her chest , lexi turned at the same time and took her place next to where chyna would be standing .
chyna stopped at the platform , handed off her bouquet of flowers to lexi , and then moved into place in front of her husband - to - be .
lexi handed chyna back her intricate bouquet of flowers .
she responded to it , blossoming like a flower , and it killed me to have to walk away .
she 's arches into me like a flower straining toward the sun and i ca n't help myself .
her gorgeous red hair smelled like a flowers .
` ` i do n't know , '' i answer as the flowers are set rather unceremoniously on our counter , directly in front of me .
` ` and they 're for a marina knight , '' the delivery guy announces , his tone bored as he chews his gum , contemplating me from around the flower arrangement .
the flowers are his way of apologizing . ''
` ` what with the flowers and the card he sent you , do you now forgive this man who insulted our family ?
` ` so a man you spoke to for ten minutes and treated you rudely sends you flowers that probably cost hundreds of dollars ?
i gesture toward the flowers that cost me a shit - ton of money .
i ca n't even admit to myself that i really wanted to buy her those flowers .
that you can just waltz in here and have yourself declared forgiven all because you threw your credit card at the most expensive flower shop on this street and bought the biggest arrangement they ' ve got ? ''
and then you send me the gorgeous flowers , and my aunt gina flipped out . ''
i order flowers from a local florist - not the one gage used because i so ca n't afford that place .
the flower order has gotten smaller and smaller over the last year .
i 'd started choosing the cheapest flowers they had , too .
deciding i can piece out the bouquet gage sent me and use the large variety of flowers for decoration over the next week or two if i stretch it right , i slap the bill on my newly made ` ` call tomorrow '' pile and sigh wearily .
i remember my earlier encounter with gage and glance over at the flowers sitting on top of the filing cabinet .
like sand and the ocean and flowers .
you make it sound like i ' m some weak flower on my last leg .
she took the flowers and slunk out of his grasp .
instead , all she could think about was logan bringing her flowers when he 'd come home late .
the room was full of sweet - smelling flowers , vases artfully perched on end tables and countertops .
sometimes she commented on flowers in her father 's gardens or the upcoming christmas eve ball that seemed eons away .
she touched a hand to the flower behind her ear .
lovely flower , it shall only be a few months that we are to be parted .
` ` i thought you were ordering flowers to send to me .
he gestured at the greenhouse , thick with flowers .
he 'd liked seeing one of his flowers behind her ear the other night .
` ` the bud 's tight on this one , '' she said , pulling off her oven mitts and taking the flower from him .
` ` by the way , i was going to send you flowers but i was n't sure if it would be apropos since you 're guesting over there .
but i totally thought of flowers for you .
they headed into the greenhouse , and gretchen was immediately hit by the humidity and the perfume of the flowers .
the flower 's odd name meant nothing to her , but she knelt next to him , curious .
` ` it 's a fragile flower .
who knew you would get so poetic over flowers ? ''
sure enough , her small , hot pink flash drive was sitting in a puddle of flower petals and water .
he arrived with a smile on his face , flowers in his hand , and gave her a big hug .
` ` you were bringing me flowers ? ''
i suppose you just throw flowers into every garbage can outside of a coffee shop , then ? ''
she remembered his long fingers caressing the petals of a flower and the way he 'd smiled as if it were something new and joyous to him to be happy .
the interior of the cafe looked more like a florist , and customers were milling around , sniffing the flowers and exclaiming in wonder as they held their lattes .
just flowers coming in from every single florist in all of manhattan .
each day , she 'd carefully take one of the flowers , wrap it in tissue and tuck it into her apron , and then take it home and press it between the pages of a book , carefully preserving it .
` ` he makes me call all the flower shops in the city lookin ' for your flowers , you know .
` ` he makes me call all the flower shops in the city lookin ' for your flowers , you know .
` ` being a shy , retiring flower gets me nowhere .
after several knocks with no response , i assumed he was still in the shower and grabbed the spare key from under the flower pot , letting myself inside .
i think my heart stopped beating when i saw not only the huge four - poster , king - sized bed in the middle of the room , but the huge flower arrangement of every shade of pink flower that existed sitting on the banquet at the end of the bed .
i think my heart stopped beating when i saw not only the huge four - poster , king - sized bed in the middle of the room , but the huge flower arrangement of every shade of pink flower that existed sitting on the banquet at the end of the bed .
he screws around with flowers and shit ! ''
i remember you were asking about what type of flowers you could plant since you were n't familiar with the texas weather , '' she said to whitley .
maybe another time on those flowers . ''
the flowers ... they 're all my favorite flowers .
the flowers ... they 're all my favorite flowers .
he had the table set with candles and flowers .
there 's a wind chime hanging right outside the door and flowerboxes with now - dead flowers inside them .
he parked on the side of the long driveway and picked a sprig of daisies from one of the flower beds before walking up into the house .
picking up the envelope and flowers , he opened the back door .
` ` flowers for the princess , '' eliot said , walking up to brynn .
` ` what , sunning myself next to a castle in hungary while a prince brings me flowers ?
normally i would leave half of my flowers , but it seemed strange to give his daisies to clare .
tucking the flowers under my arm , i kept walking .
fresh roses were beautiful , but dying flowers always gave off a richer , headier fragrance .
how could the random distribution of petals in a flower , whether even or odd , predict love ?
i crumpled the flower in my palm .
` ` i know cut flowers are n't supposed to last a long time , but still- '' ` ` i ' m sorry , '' i said again .
brynn put the flower up to her nose and inhaled , closing her eyes .
a stream of people came forward as the pastor spoke , laying flowers on top of my nagyi 's coffin .
most of them were roses , but some people brought bouquets of other flowers , silken orchids and white lilies with their flat round petals .
the flowers piled up as the pastor went on speaking , and soon there was no room left on top of the coffin .
petals tumbled down into the grave , and some whole flowers .
soon the coffin was nearly unrecognizable as such ; it seemed like a pile of flowers and nothing else .
i wrote her one hell of a hearts and flowers letter and mailed it off the same day i left for special training , knowing it would have to see her through until i was home .
the huge front porch looks cozy with the rocking chairs positioned between the large four columns and the flowers look domestic ; it is just some huge juxtapose of my life .
emmy is running around , making sure all the tables have flower arrangements and that all the bubble machines are still hidden from sight but functioning .
dee wo n't stop blowing my phone up about every f**king thing from flowers to condoms for axel .
my legs spread just about as wide as i can get , forcing my p**sy to open like a flower and hug his dick tight .
` ` the name 's jude ryder , since i know you 're all but salivating like a rabid dog to know , and i do n't do girlfriends , relationships , flowers , or regular phone calls .
` ` i thought you did n't do the whole flowers , date , girlfriend thing . ''
there stood sawyer diamond , smiling at me like it was any monday morning , holding a bouquet of flowers .
they were beautiful , but i was n't sure i was ready to accept flowers from sawyer or what accepting those flowers would mean .
they were beautiful , but i was n't sure i was ready to accept flowers from sawyer or what accepting those flowers would mean .
it was a little odd , sawyer sticking to me like glue , bringing me flowers , the whole bit , but i felt steadier with him by my side , more grounded .
there was no view i could see , unless you counted the rusting walls of your neighbor 's trailer , and there was n't a single pot of flowers or one hanging basket to be seen .
i noticed because this was the first year we had n't had flowers on our front steps .
people who were worried about paying their electric bills and putting ramen noodles on the table did n't buy flowers .
if i was pointing fingers at who was damaged , i might as well turn that finger around , because i was no innocent , flawless flower .
` ` it 's just a flower , luce .
staring at that flower , the pink petals curling at the ends as the life bled out of it , helped me make my decision .
and i did n't used to do girlfriends , flowers , or dates .
` ` the flowers , '' anton replied , gesturing at my desk .
` ` it 's your first day and your boss did n't think to order flowers to welcome you .
i decided not to mention that if anton had thought to order flowers for me and jude ever found out , anton would be speaking an octave higher for the rest of his life .
he 'd sent a bouquet of flowers and a note to apologize , but i was one forced - upon kiss past forgiving and forgetting right now .
throwing my shoulders back and putting on a dramatic face , i held an imaginary bouquet of flowers in front of me and started my left - together , right - together march down toward the man i was about to promise forever to .
the front yard has been manicured with flower gardens like my mother had .
i glance back at the flowers and the fresh paint .
there 's a lot of brick work , flowers , and super green grass .
the table linens are a perfect , creaseless white , with an equally perfect silver bowl sitting in the middle , full of freshly cut flowers the colors of spring .
no pretty flowers in sight where i live .
chapter fourteen if i had a flower for every time i thought of you ... i could walk through my garden forever .
i set the vase down on the kitchen counter , my pleasure at receiving the flowers evaporating when i realize i ' ve not only just got into a huge fight with my brother , but i did the same thing with drew last night .
i run my finger over one of the soft flower petals .
a man leaves me flowers on my doorstep and i ' m all mopey .
no guy has ever brought me flowers .
you got the flowers then , i text her .
her life had been a beautiful flower , with thousands of bright petals .
stryker put his cigarette out in the flower pot filled with sand outside the building .
it was n't like he was going to be my boyfriend and buy me flowers and take me on lame dates and all that .
` ` i figured it was about time i got you flowers . ''
the note was all hearts and flowers and things he thought i wanted to hear .
he held the flowers out to me and i reluctantly took them .
she would n't shut up about how every time he brought me flowers before a date , or chocolates , he 'd bring her a little something .
i set the bag with a bottle of wine and a bunch of flowers down so i could hold out my hand for her father , who was standing closer to me .
` ` i brought you some wine , and this , '' i said taking out the flowers .
he brought her flowers and kissed her ass and she bought every second of it .
` ` like planning flowers or buying an urn , or something . ''
if she was n't organizing dad 's service or fielding sympathy calls and cards and flowers and casseroles , she was cleaning or picking out clothes for us to wear to the service or meeting with dad 's lawyer .
i took her hand and led her through the living room as mrs . hallman yelled at someone about making sure the flowers had arrived at the funeral home .
the flowers were nice and everyone said nice things and smiled nice and cried nice and it was all nice , nice , nice .
i finished the butterfly and then drew a flower below it , as if the butterfly had stopped on it to rest .
` ` i think it 's a flower . ''
i had a flower in my hand somehow , and the casket was being lowered into the awful black chasm .
i stood over the hole and tossed in the flower , as expected .
` ` but not like rhyming , shakespearean sonnets about flowers and things .
i breathed in and examined the photo again , amazed at the way he 'd framed it with the flower in the center , taking most of the space , with the bee near the top , caught in the act of hovering downward .
all the way out there , '' he waved toward the front of the truck , where the hill fell away into an open field , ` ` is all flowers .
when the words were spoken , she had tossed a flower into the grave , then turned and ran , stumbling on her high heels , kicking them off , her cast cradled against her side .
a thin red line you looked so guilty when i walked in your eyes were haunted your hands trembling and i watched a thin red line blossom on your wrist an evil scarlet flower trailing skeins of leaked pain down your arm so easily wiped away covered over hidden by bandages and lies and shirtsleeves glossed over by blase reassurances that it helped somehow as if gashes gouged in your skin could take away the grief you looked so guilty when i walked in jumping up from giving yourself scars and i wonder if my bought silence will be your death and i wonder if the vault of my soul can hold any more secrets any more hidden sins all this wells up on your skin bleeds out from a thin red line cut into your wrist jason walked in as i closed the notebook .
he had a few closeups of flowers that reminded me eerily of some of georgia o'keefe 's paintings , which he said was his intention .
jason carried me out into the warm summer night , a gentle breeze riffling my hair , smelling of flowers and cut grass and nighttime .
he would have hated those stupid pictures of him , and these stupid flowers .
the poor boy maria married was hopelessly confused , always not understanding when they asked which napkin he preferred , or which flower arrangement was best , and they would never pick the one he liked .
usually the flower girl and ring bearer came after the bridesmaids and groomsmen and before the bride , or something like that , but nell was adamant that benny be the last down the aisle , bringing the rings all by himself .
pushing through the rotating door into the lobby , the smell of floor wax and fresh flowers fills my nose .
` ` you 're like that single wild flower that grows from the crack in the pavement : miraculous growth with no water source or fertile soil .
it 's not like the field of wild flowers you tromp through carelessly , crushing them under your feet , knowing that the next day will bring a hundred more . ''
it 's like coaxing open the petals of a flower .
so i figured ice cream would taste better than a bunch of flowers . ''
pretty flowers fluttered from a light breeze that drifted across the garden fin maintained with such care .
chapter five - school devon walked across brookings quad in the early summer air mingled with the scent of blooming flowers .
the last painting was of a child sitting in a field of flowers in a white dress as three angels look down upon her from the sky .
i asked if we could make a quick stop at the flower shop so i could pick up some flowers .
i asked if we could make a quick stop at the flower shop so i could pick up some flowers .
i put the flowers on my mother 's grave first and then my fathers .
i sat down on the grass and placed the flowers on each grave .
i studied the flowers that were around me for soon they would be gone .
my favorite flowers lined the walkway .
the painting that caught my attention was the one of the child sitting in a field of flowers as three angels looked down upon her from the sky .
we stopped at the flower shop , and i bought the flowers for her parents ' graves .
we stopped at the flower shop , and i bought the flowers for her parents ' graves .
on the way back from the cafe , i bought her a single red rose from a vendor selling flowers on the street .
i searched the cabinets for a vase and found a small one that would hold one flower .
he took me to her grave , so i could put flowers down and talk to her .
` ` i mean it 's just a bunch of screens with flowers on them !
rach , did you say flowers ? ''
i was still chanting over and over again that this was my fault , so he spoke louder , ` ` what flowers , rachel ? ! ''
` ` it 's just a bouquet of these flowers . ''
i heard his truck accelerate and wanted to know why flowers were so damn important right now when i could n't see what was happening to my family !
my head shook back and forth as i searched every memory i had regarding carnations , but nothing stood out , and blake roared in frustration as he pulled one flower out and threw the rest of the bouquet against the far wall .
the sound of the glass vase shattering filled the open space and he flung the lone flower at my face .
i totally needed to send that woman flowers .
` ` i hid this in one of the flower pots in the smoking area . ''
i thought about taping it , but my recorder was being put to better use in the flower pot of the smoking area .
i opened my eyes and jared stepped away , leading me over to the table filled with flowers , candles and a delicious looking dinner of ...
my hair had been left to hang down my back in big loose curls , and a fresh flower arrangement sat above my left ear .
mac , quinn , and cam hovered , dressed in similar style dresses in silk ivory , fresh flowers adorning their hair .
` ` pretty flowers making everything ... pretty .
i look around the flower shop quickly .
` ` i already picked out the flowers , '' i tell her .
those flowers are tainted in her mind .
` ` i do n't understand why you 're so bent out of shape over the flowers . ''
` ` my name and the flower are not synonymous , mother . ''
` ` but i ' m not done discussing the flowers or the centerpieces .
she 's told me before that when lily and lo pretended to get married as little kids , she destroyed all of the flowers by ripping them off the stems , and then she called everyone ` ` stupid '' and stormed away .
` ` if you 're worried whether i 'll mutilate the flowers at their wedding , do n't be .
my dad can be as soft as a flower petal whereas jonathan hale is the thorn .
` ` you changed the flowers to roses ? ! ''
neutral flower territory .
but it 's not the gorgeous flowers that have me overflowing with emotion .
she sighed , as though in great relief , and fingered the identical flower over her own ear .
i fingered it , and we touched the flowers in each other 's hair with warm smiles .
he touched the flower in my hair lightly , his eyes intense .
a flower on the right side means you want every interested guy to hit on you . ''
i fingered the flower as we made our way from the small patch of lush forest that led to the ocean .
our dressing room was filled with flowers , which helped to mask the sweat .
a white flower was tucked into her riotous red curls .
she was wearing the same flower in her hair as the day i met her .
i felt like a flower trying to plant roots into concrete .
the smell of sea salt combined with the perfume of the flowers , and when hunt caught me sniffing repeatedly at the air , he laughed .
rose waved at me from her flower garden while i sat in jesse 's truck contemplating what was next .
when i kept sitting in the car , rose wove her way out of her flowers , closed the cyclone fence to keep all the wild animals from munching away on her garden , and headed my way .
rose set down her basket of flowers and came over to help .
` ` he 's acting strange , he 's all moody , he gets this strange look on his face all the time , and i caught him checking out bouquets of flowers last week when he took me to the store and thought i was n't looking .
she 'd cut a few mini - bouquets of flowers from her garden and arranged them in mason jars .
as i was excited to bring lily home to meet my parents , i decided to send flowers to my two favorite women .
i had a nice arrangement sent to my mother for the dinner table , and i sent lily a dozen red roses with a card that read : ` ` beautiful flowers for a beautiful woman .
` ` ca n't say i do , but when i find him , i ' m going to kick his ass for sending my girl flowers . ''
` ` thank you for the beautiful flower arrangement . ''
exquisite flowers were planted in stone pots , surrounding the space , and the in - ground lights began lighting up the area as the sun had set , and dusk was setting in .
she motioned to the flowers with her mug and scowled .
` ` he actually tattooed a giant lotus flower on my friend 's leg ; she spent all three sessions trying to get him to ask her out on a date .
rule was n't a normal guy , there was never going to be hearts and flowers or poetry flowing with words that made me blush , what there was always going to be was give and take , ups and downs and a passion that burned both of us to the core .
` ` he brought her a huge bouquet of flowers and some stupid box of chocolate or some shit shaped like a heart .
but when he had come strolling into the bar with those ridiculous flowers and that box of chocolates , just like a scene out of pretty woman , all i wanted to do was find a place to hide .
i could n't forget that he thought i was just some innocent little flower who should n't be touched by dirty hands .
i shoved a blue - and - orange silk flower behind my ear and worked on doing some basic maintenance to my face .
most girls get flowers and chocolates for valentine 's day , and you get your dream guy offering to buy you a house . ''
daisy had been the flower girl in marcus and willow 's wedding .
i was trying to figure out what a cotillion was and why it was okay for jason to still buy a girl flowers and take her to this thing when he 'd gotten upset over me just having dinner with jeff .
` ` tess ... i- '' tension blossomed between us , like a fast unfurling flower , and i ached .
like the obedient slave he wanted , i opened like a sun - warmed flower , pressing flesh into his palm , arching my back .
most of the time we fought with dagger and claw , and yet in that moment , the intensity simmered to flowers and petals .
it connected with another glass full of flowers , and they thundered to the floor in a chaos of breaking china .
frederick ducked the projectile ; it smashed against the wall , adding to the pile of broken china and wilting flowers .
` ` flowers , '' i simply answered , my eyes flicking from the front yard to her face and back again .
` ` i see that , but why did you rip up half my front lawn to plant hundreds of flowers in the shape of a heart ? ''
` ` well , because i wanted to get you flowers .
` ` you went out and spent a fortune on god knows how many pots of flowers , dug up half my front lawn , and planted them in a heart shape bigger than me ?
` ` consider it payback for not helping me with the flowers in scar 's yard , '' he smiled as he moved to the middle of my mountain of screw up that should have been a nursery already .
` ` flowers , '' he muttered .
i 'd never brought home a guy who gave my mom flowers .
as she thanked him profusely for the flowers and food , she kept shooting these intense , meaningful looks at me .
a guy giving my mother flowers .
plants and flowers and trees surround the path that leads to the entrance , and the sun shines down through the branches above , making everything fun and cheerful on the outside .
for flowers and sonnets and a man on bended knee ?
well , braden had done all the planning , so it was mostly just me nodding my head to his suggestions and covering ellie 's mouth when she got too vocal in her opinions over the flowers .
ellie asked absentmindedly as she looked at photographs of the flower arrangements braden and joss had chosen for their wedding .
' i may not do flowers , hearts , and all that shit with women , but you 're my friend , and i consider myself the kind of person a friend can always turn to .
by the time we drove through the main street of longniddry with its cottages and flowers and traditional pub , i was dying to get out of the car .
i ' m flower girl .
laying the flowers i 'd brought with me on the bedside table , i pulled up a chair .
it came up over my hip and i waded through , my hands brushing against the tops of the flowers and grasses , her head and shoulders weaving in front of me , my knees and feet struggling to keep up without dragging us both down .
the long expanse of flesh that our bodies made , buried in the clearing behind flowers and grasses and new hope , made me feel a sense of peace and excitement i never , ever wanted to let go of .
his tongue settled on my needy red nub , a soft touch like a flower blooming and soaking in the warm sun , so mind - blowing i nearly exploded all over his lips , the touch like something i 'd read about and knew existed but always suspected was some kind of fiction .
there 's always the mother of the bride , the bridesmaids , the flower girls . ''
` ` jessie 's dress , her bridesmaids ' dresses - there are twelve - the flower girls ' dresses - there are eight , and jessie 's mother 's dress . ''
determined not to be one - upped , i fashion a bubble flower - a daisy , or as close as i can get to one - and press it to the side of his head so that it looks like he 's got a flower stuck behind his ear .
determined not to be one - upped , i fashion a bubble flower - a daisy , or as close as i can get to one - and press it to the side of his head so that it looks like he 's got a flower stuck behind his ear .
abby lies on the canvas as jack touches up some of the flowers painted on her chest .
the flowers literally vine from the ground , just trying to touch her .
besides , you conveniently hid one of my n**ples behind a flower . ''
you know , the communion plates , the flower arrangements , the carved mahogany table that was just like one jesus might have carved . ''
it flowed around me like petals on a flower .
he watched a long line of men crush her like a gentle flower under their heels until there was nothing left but a few stray petals .
she was a flower child stuck in today 's society , but still managed to turn heads with her hip - length strawberry blond hair and soulful green eyes .
` ` i do n't think flowers and candy can fix this , slade . ''
holding it out to me , mom offers the flower .
he hands me the flowers .
gazing at the flowers , i say , ` ` edward ... these are lovely .
` ` fan her train again and give her back her flowers . ''
when i hand the bride her flowers , i notice she 's fidgeting - which seems to irritate sophia .
` ` yeah , he works in the flower market mornings .
the flowers , the processional , and i am also here to escort you lovely ladies in my kickin ' sixty - five imperial because that 's the kind of guy i am i guess .
charlie gently lead me down the aisle , the fragrance of the flowers assaulting me with euphoria .
woven within the thin branches were bunched , beautiful light pink flower bouquets .
the tables were breathtaking , earthy arrangements that matched my bouquet and the flowers used in the ceremony lined the centers , leaving no gaps between .
the flowers were free , darlin ' .
` ` single women are supposed to kiss his bronzed face , place a flower in his upturned hat , and then proceed to fondle him in his most private of areas . ''
there are hundreds of flowers , all over the pews and scattered on the floor .
the waiter slid the terrace doors open and guided me out onto a panoramic patio decorated with flowers .
i stepped closer and took in the perfect shading and detail to each flower .
chase - ' it was worth it to see that smile on your face ' me - ' : ) thank you for my flowers .
i smiled at my flowers one more time , and tried to follow her lead .
i thought after our few words yesterday that things were going to turn around , and then after the flowers today , i 'd been positive they were .
scenery , people , flowers ... '' she trailed off .
liam and his sister set down their flowers and rushed back to brandon and me .
on one of the sundays , i 'd heard all the girls talking in the kitchen about flowers , and harper had gone on about orange lilies being her favorite .
i would have liked to see you it was worth it to see that smile on your face princess : : ) thank you for my flowers .
` ` do you think we got enough flowers ?
we can go scope out some flower shops around town . ''
we bought every orange and white lily they had at the flower market .
we got all the flowers put together before i had to go in for my first of two appointments at the shop ; and by the time i was done with the second , i was rushing to get the lilies , so they were covering every surface in the living room and breakfast bar at my parents ' house .
it mixed with the smell of flowers and ... logan .
before last night i 'd been a dying flower .
i slowly start to die , wilt into pieces like i ' m a night - blooming cereus , the flowers that bloom only once a year at night and die before sunrise , their lives and happiness short lived .
i take in the black and purple candles on the table and the flower petals scattered on the white table clothes that layer each of the eight tables .
caroline 's expression relaxes as she presses her hand against her heart , crushing some of the flowers in her bouquet .
adrenaline consumes my body and i fidget with the petals on the violet flowers , mentally telling myself to stay calm as dean and caroline read their vows .
lila holds up this really tacky pink fluffy rug with flowers on it .
i picked up some flowers and candles on my way down , hoping to spruce up the dirt area as much as i could .
luckily the wind was n't blowing , otherwise the flames would n't have stayed lit and the flowers would have blown away .
ethan shouts at me to settle the hell down , but i shrug him off and jog across the lawn , stomping over the flowers tracing the path to the front door .
` ` not a real one with decorations , flowers , dresses , tuxes , and guests .
i look over at the picture of her and the drawing of the flower in the vase .
releasing my hand , he grabs the bottom of my shirt and tugs it over my head , moving carefully to avoid ruining the curls and braids or knocking out any of the black flowers .
i ca n't imagine the bad - ass sean ferro with little flower gardens and a sweet cape cod with white gingerbread trim on a tree - lined street . ''
i 'll put out without the flowers and candles . ''
` ` i want the little house with the hanging baskets full of flowers on the front porch .
a work crew is putting in a white picket fence , beautiful flower - filled gardens , and painting the little home so it looks like new .
when he moves , he bends over and places the flowers on the ground on the grave in front of him .
he eased himself into a crouch and plucked a yellow flower from the garden , twirling it in his hand .
still , i took the flower from his hand and tucked it into my ponytail holder .
palm trees lined the narrow street and the street signs hung above flower boxes spilling over with red flowers .
one woman had her mastectomized breast turned into a flower . ''
a flash of him and her flooded my head , bare legs tangled together , my art on her limb , his hands tracing her scars , the flowers , everything .
the air was heavy with heat but the occasional breeze from the gulf came in and lightened the atmosphere while the thick smell of flowers would come in through the window .
i 'd cut a flower from the patio and pinned it in my hair .
it 's a one - level with a pretty flower garden that wraps around the front side and two puffy green bushes on both sides of the sidewalk leading up to the front door .
i held a flower up and took a deep breath .
i took another deep inhale of the flowers .
my mail on the table , fresh flowers in a vase by the door , my toothbrush and a red cup by the sink .
i walked slowly through the trees , absorbing the sweet perfume of the flowers , and soaking in the warm sunshine .
he played with a flower at his feet .
pink flowers floated gently to the ground , dancing around us with joy at our reunion .
she handed me her flowers and turned to face jack .
it was the sweetest flower i had ever smelled .
before the boat started moving , owen reached over and plucked the flower from my hair , raising it to his nose and taking a breath .
i grinned at him as he pocketed the small flower , making sure it was safe as the speedboat 's engine revved .
instead of seeing a bashful emt , there was owen , leaning against the hood of the ambulance with a bouquet of flowers .
owen was supposed to be in new york working for jack , not bringing me flowers at an er in des moines .
he held out the flowers , the plastic lining rustling as he uncovered the protective shell so i could see them .
i realized they were the same type of flowers that i had been wearing in my hair .
` ` you flew three hours in the wrong direction , just to bring me chinese food and flowers ? ''
i still was n't looking for a relationship , but when a perfectly muscled man flies three hours to bring you dinner and flowers , it 's hard to say no .
` ` i really did just come to bring you flowers . ''
` ` just do n't go telling anyone that all it takes is flowers , '' i said , only half joking .
i set the bouquet of flowers and the bags of extra chinese food in the back seat , coming back around for one more kiss .
i ca n't remember the last time you got me flowers or made me dinner or even offered to help do the dishes .
is this the guy i saw give you flowers in the ambulance bay the other night ?
i loved to come here during the winter to take a break from the gray iowa cold and to be surrounded by heat and tropical flowers .
i hold my bouquet of plumeria to my nose and inhale the delicate flowers once more .
i remember my flowers at the last moment and i pull myself free to grab them .
after grabbing two bottles of wine and a small flower arrangement , we headed toward the checkout stand .
i pulled out the flowers and the wine .
gran yelled out from the sink where she worked on arranging the flowers in a vase .
this is a girl that deserves flowers and candy .
i never bought her flowers or candy or took her on a date .
he hands the flowers he 's holding to my mom and then he signs back .
logan i ' m walking in a field of flowers .
the flowers part , and she stands there in the open space , her great , white robes billowing around her .
the flowers fade , sinking into the air like pretty , rainbow - hued cigarette smoke , until there is only one left .
i draw vines all the way up her side , and then put a flower on the side of her breast that i can see .
` ` yeah , but i did the shading , and paul drew the flower and stuff . ''
watching him is like watching a flower reach for the sun .
cricket was rocking out to ` ` automatic flowers , '' one foot perched on the bench of a picnic table and she was nerdily playing air guitar while singing at the top of her lungs .
i handed her a small bouquet of flowers , which delighted her .
i had to get a few things for our first date , which included flowers for one miss ellie hunt . ''
out slid a small charm bracelet with a single charm of a dogwood flower .
` ` is this the flower girl ? ''
denny picked me up after work and told me about his vital assignment that could n't wait until monday - it involved flowers and an impossibly difficult to reserve restaurant for some girl that max was currently attempting to win over .
` ` so spill - flowers , jewelry ?
i was used to flowers and poetry .
i heard him chuckle as he muttered , ` ` ah , white cotton with the cute little flower in the middle .
i looked down as i considered all of the moments together that we 'd already missed , that we were going to miss ... our first valentine 's day as a couple had already gone by , the flowers he 'd sent me long wilted .
he eyed the flower in my hand as he started the car .
he raised a dark eyebrow at me as i set the flower on the dash .
i was going to have everything ready ... make her a great meal , fill the house with her favorite flowers , light all the candles ... '' he looked over at me , his face apologetic for describing his romantic intensions .
tossing the flowers to the floor , he strode into the living room .
flowers were in bloom along the berms that i could see from the solitude of my car , petals open in welcome to the moisture .
i wondered if he 'd done what he 'd said he 'd wanted to do , and filled the house with flowers on the day of her arrival .
kellan pulled me forward , and the smell of fresh flowers tickled my nose in a wonderful way .
the scent of kellan mixed with the light scent of sweat and flowers , filling my senses .
i was n't sure where he was getting the flower petals - hotel lobbies , street vendors , green rooms - but whenever he handed me one , it brightened my day .
blessing handed matt her teal guitar , while evan tucked himself behind meadow 's drums ; the band 's logo on the drum had a giant purple flower in the background .
after he 'd gone , i 'd found a flower petal taped to the bathroom mirror with the words i ' m sorry on it .
with a small entourage swarming around her like bees following a pollen - filled flower , sienna breezed into the packed room .
we do n't have the hearts and flowers relationship that you and kellan have . ''
loose and flirty , the bottom of it had wide panels that resembled a flower 's petals .
` ` she sent flowers . ''
yeah , something that outrageous that demanded people paid attention was much more sienna 's style than being virtually silent with anonymously delivered flowers .
` ` we 'll need to spruce the place up a bit , get some flowers . ''
my vision watery , i followed the path marked in flowers .
` ` yeah , i got your flowers , '' he dead - panned .
i did n't know what excited me more - finally finding him , the electric gleam in his eye , the smell of the fragrant flowers in his hand , or my name splashed all over the glossy six - by - nine cover .
as he took back his flowers and gave me the book .
` ` an exquisite flower for my exquisite girl . ''
` ` no one but bev has ever gotten me flowers before . ''
` ` thank you for the flowers , '' i told my feet quietly .
and of course , they were the prettiest flowers in the place . ''
the scent of the flowers i keep in my window box .
she smelled like warm soil and crushed flowers .
cut to the girl disappearing down the road on her bike in a blur of moon - pale skin and night flower hair .
there are fresh flowers on all tables along the wall .
he called a million times after that and sent flowers , cards , texts , but i did n't care .
` ` whoever did this left me flowers . ''
when the play was over , my mom dragged me backstage and gave flowers to the girl , hugging her and telling her how amazing she was . ''
when i look out , i see a young guy holding flowers .
asher has given me flowers in the past , but he has never given me roses .
he handed me the flowers then walked off .
i set the flowers on the island and look for a card but ca n't find one .
i know the flowers are from asher because he is the only person who would send me flowers .
i know the flowers are from asher because he is the only person who would send me flowers .
um , i was wondering if you sent me flowers ? ''
he hung up and i called everyone else i knew who might send me flowers .
mr . james is standing at the kitchen island in front of the flowers .
oh , there was nothing sorrowful in flowers wooing the glances of an april sun , or apple blossoms opening one by one their crimson bosoms - or the twittered words and warbled sentences of merry birds ; - or the small glitter and the humming wings of golden flies and many colored things- oh , these were nothing sad - nor to see her , sitting beneath the comfortable stir of early leaves - casting the playful grace of moving shadows in so fair a face- nor in her brow serene - nor in the love of her mild eyes drinking the light above with a long thirst - nor in her gentle smile- nor in her hand that shone blood - red the while she raised it in the sun .
i had never gotten flowers , and my mom would get them all the time from whatever man she was seeing , so i assumed they were for her .
when i was packing my car later that evening , the same boyfriend who i thought the flowers were from stopped by to drop off beast .
and before i jump to any conclusions , i need to talk to the florist who delivered the flowers and ask about the person who placed the order .
i ' m talking about the flowers and the messages , '' mr . james says .
she knew i received flowers yesterday because i had called her , and everyone else i knew , to see who sent them .
she also admitted that she sent the flowers to me and paid the kid who dropped them off a few hundred dollars to get my signature on the transfer papers that she took to the lawyer .
meg and liz spent a week coming over every day when they got off work to paint every flower and butterfly on the walls .
she can be the flower girl . ''
the flowers are from bill ; not that bill is n't a nice guy , but the thing is , he just does nothing for me .
i look over and see him standing in front of the flowers , looking at the card .
as a middle schooler , i 'd helped plant the flowers in the overwhelming number of hanging baskets and window baskets every spring .
stephan had stubbornly refused to stay content with rocks and cacti , planting a small row of flowers along his front steps and a compact square of grass in the front yard .
so far he was winning the battle against the desert , his grass still green and his flowers blooming as we pulled up .
i wore a short black dress with violet flowers splashed across it .
i found one of my lacy thongs that matched the flowers on my dress .
he pointed at the desert flower .
it seemed that every flower was represented in the many vases around the room .
she wore a thin shift of a dress , flowers faded from many washes .
it looked almost like a bouquet of flowers , yet not ...
james brought the stiff leather handle of the torture device up to my cheek , and i watched those heavy flowers drag across the desk as the flogger moved .
sven bought one of my small acrylic paintings of a desert flower .
we had decided on an outdoor wedding in the late spring , because we both loved the idea of a wedding amidst blooming flowers .
it was a vision of tall grass and wildflowers , well - groomed where the guests were seated , with flowers planted all along the perimeter , but the rest left running wild with riotous white and violet wildflowers .
the same flowers had been interwoven into a wreath on my head , showcasing my long hair , which had been painstakingly curled into ringlets that hung down my back .
holding flowers . ''
i did n't see any flowers , so i could only imagine what had happened to them .
he laughed softly , holding the warm smile in place , and i leaned toward him like a flower to sunlight .
to my left are multiple round tables covered in white linen with black and orange chair covers and the same flower centerpieces , where i assume the dinner will be served .
a series of girly tattoos made up a half sleeve on her right arm - butterflies , flowers , hearts , things like that .
jackson looked down to see blood seeping through the gray uniform on his shoulder like a red flower .
he thought about stopping for flowers , but changed his mind , instead simply heading out to his truck and tucking the laptop under the passenger seat .
` ` i ' ve never seen flowers like that .
see , the mountains kiss high heaven , and the waves clasp one another ; no sister flower could be forgiven if it disdained its brother ; and the sunlight clasps the earth , and the moonbeams kiss the sea ; - what is all this sweet work worth , if thou kiss not me ? ''
soft , beautiful folds that surrounded her cl*t and her core like it was a flower .
and the gates of this chapel were shut , and thou shalt not writ over the door ; so i turn 'd to the garden of love , that so many sweet flowers bore .
and i saw it was filled with graves , and tomb - stones where flowers should be : and priests in black gowns , were walking their rounds , and binding with briars , my joys and desires . ''
she stared at the rows of gravestones and flowers , and then gave jonathan a mutely pleading look .
and the gates of this chapel were shut , and thou shalt not , writ over the door ; so i turn 'd to the garden of love , that so many sweet flowers bore .
and i saw it was filled with graves , and tomb - stones where flowers should be : and priests in black gowns , were walking their rounds , and binding with briars , my joys and desires .
mike , the other father ( what a strange phrase , and yet it rolled through alex 's mind as if it were normal ) was a few steps behind , holding a tasteful bouquet of mylar balloons attached to a small bunch of flowers in a mug .
he 'd gone on one date where he 'd brought a bouquet that had daisies in it and the poor woman had ended up sucking down benadryl and leaving early , her flower allergy triggered by what he had thought was a romantic gesture .
the flowers that were etched on the ring my dad gave me were sunflowers and i knew in that moment that he was there , watching over me .
i put the flowers on my desk and turned to him , still fighting back the tears .
i thought you would like them since that is the flower on your ring . ''
` ` i got a good look when you first showed it to me and i was pretty sure that flower was special to you . ''
the flowers in there were so beautiful .
they look like the flowers on my ring and necklace . ''
he did a quick search on his phone for a flower shop , then placed an order that the florist repeated twice to make sure she 'd heard correctly .
yes , at night the neighborhood showed its underbelly , but during the day its sidewalks were filled with regular people who were thrilled by this unexpected gift : mothers walking their young children , couples who felt the flowers were a sign from fate , and some street vendors she 'd never seen smile until the florist pointed up toward her open window and offered them a bouquet .
after their initial suspicion passed , many of them had held up the flowers and waved to her in thanks .
she picked one of the flowers out of a vase on the floor beside her bed and raised it to her nose , closing her eyes in pleasure as the scent filled her senses .
the flowers do n't actually change anything .
thank you for the flowers , but- '' ` ` did i wake you ? ''
she loved flowers and diamonds . ''
i ' m one of the flower girls tomorrow .
but he is n't a flower girl .
i carry the flowers .
` ` they say that if you want to make venetians smile , give them a flower .
and some would ask if a flower is then worth the effort .
they craved love and understanding like half - wilted flowers crave water .
she did n't want tea and flowers ; she wanted music and slip ' n slides .
even the flowers he 'd sent on friday , a perfectly appropriate bouquet of white roses , had blandly said , ` ` thank you for all your help on the durkin project . ''
i could buy her flowers and talk her back into my bed , but i want more than that .
` ` i almost sent you flowers , but considering you had n't been impressed with the gift of a car , i did n't . ''
` ` someone got flowers . ''
` ` i 'd like to take credit , but i did n't send you flowers .
dear taryn , i know you do n't know me but i am a huge fan and i hope these flowers brighten your day .
stupid flowers , se - questering me to my own home , making me feel as if i were a prisoner .
she handed down a bottle just as another flower delivery was being made .
mike had sent flowers to marie only two days ago ; i wondered if he was kissing up for a specific reason .
this batch of flowers , however , was less than impressive .
` ` i have flowers a ... a delivery , tah ... '' he seemed slightly confused as his eyes locked on mine .
` ` what flower shop do you work for ?
` ` they 're just flowers , '' he continued to explain .
` ` women like men who bring them flowers .
i wanted him to drop off his stupid flowers and leave .
` ` i ' ve been trying different ones , '' he continued to mutter , talking to the flowers this time .
i 'd never seen any roses or any other flowers for that matter .
it upset me at first that you 'd just toss them away , but then i realized that it was the flowers you did n't like .
please take your flowers and leave - immediately .
completely dejected , the guy huffed , scowled at both of us , called me a heartless bitch , and then scared the hell out of me when he whipped the flower bouquet at us .
the flowers caught my arm and then ricocheted off the back bar countertop .
he 's been trying to deliver flowers to you for several weeks .
all of this because of some misguided idiot and his stupid flowers .
to see that we threw his flowers away ?
somewhere i could grow a garden and plant flowers .
real silver , crystal stemware , white chin a with an exquisitely tall bouquet of fresh flowers in the center ; it was all too perfect .
i was having a blast , trying to get the different shades of purple to blend on the petals of the flower i was coloring .
` ` look at the pretty flowers on your dress . ''
the next afternoon , flowers showed up .
private bedroom , enormous living room , and a large dining table with a lush fresh flower centerpiece made the room feel like an apartment .
there 's a small table with fake flowers up against the wall every dozen feet or so , with either an abstract painting or a mirror above it .
i do n't need to be treated like some delicate fucking little flower . ''
we ' ve sent flowers .
she handed me the flowers and i plucked the card from the plastic stem .
the handwriting on the card was obviously female , so i assumed the lady at the flower shop had filled it out , but i honestly had no clue who they were from .
i hated the thought that someone might have spent their money , and that the other kelsey would never know she had these beautiful flowers .
` ` nothing , just kelsey getting a large flower arrangement from an unknown source .
landon glanced around me and saw the flowers on the desk and shook his head .
i do n't know anything about it if he was planning on surprising you with flowers , but i know one thing , if they are not from him it 's going to be pretty entertaining when he finds out who they are from , '' he chuckled to himself .
the flower girl suddenly struts down the aisle , cute as can be in a white lacy gown .
her hair , her smile , the way she clutched her bouquet so tightly the flowers trembled - she did me in .
i love shopping at the open - air markets with the fruit and flower vendors and vintage jewelry sellers as much as i love the champs - elysees . ''
but not flowers or chocolate .
a silver band with pink and white flowers etched on it is on my index finger .
` ` does he know you 're the same gal who once sent flowers to him and asked him out ? ''
i sent him flowers to the stage door a day later .
i suppose in some world , i wanted to believe the flowers had never arrived .
` ` and if you ca n't handle that , if you 're too afraid , or if you 're a precious flower or a fragile thespian , then now would be the perfect time to leave . ''
` ` i loved the flowers .
now i know the reason he never responded to the flowers .
he thinks we are all fragile little flowers who need praise like we need the sun .
` ` the flowers i sent you after guys and dolls ?
she ushers me inside and it 's strange to get a glimpse of jill 's life and where she lives , and immediately i survey the living room with its old beaten up couch , a coffee table with a silver laptop on it , several necklaces , and a vase of flowers .
one minute you 're like this fragile flower and the next you 're tough as unflinching steel . ''
` ` i 'd like to take credit , but the staff did all the fruity candle stuff and flowers , '' he replied , tossing the key card on the table .
` ` do n't treat me like some fragile flower .
when she turned around , connor stood with a bouquet of lilies - her mother 's favorite flower .
after emma got out of the car , she walked out of the garage and widened her eyes at the emerald green grass and multicolored flowers .
i 'd love to have more flowers growing around the window of the baby 's room . ''
i was just admiring all your beautiful flowers . ''
her house soon doubled for a florist 's with all the flowers he bought .
he jerked his chin over to emma 's cousin , sarah , the flower girl .
the flowers had come with a handwritten note , and remembering the message made mairi hastily blink back tears .
she felt like she was picking off petals from a flower to determine the exact nature of her feelings .
we turned down a pretty , tree - lined street with colorful flower boxes .
my orgasm began to blossom inside me , like pointed flower buds , tickling and straining .
i swallowed my complaints for a moment , until my flower buds threatened to wilt , and i turned my head and politely ordered todd to f**k me .
i had barely caught my breath , and we were dancing the waltz of the flowers , with an army of pre - teens from a local dance school .
i ran out , still in full costume as a flower , and found trevor .
i stuck the flowers in some water , grabbed my laptop , and sat on my vintage teak sofa , where i googled the address .
i also smelled flowers , fresh flowers , plus my own sweat , my personal scent , coming off my soaked panties .
i also smelled flowers , fresh flowers , plus my own sweat , my personal scent , coming off my soaked panties .
in the dark , in the quiet room , with only the scent of flowers and vanilla , i thought i might die from pleasure .
once everyone 's assembled in the prettiest of the activity rooms at the resort , the music is going to play , and i ' m going to walk in , flowers in my hair , wearing a gauzy , simple white dress .
my flower begins to throb and ache for him .
` ` and you did n't bring me flowers or chocolates or anything ? ''
the modernist house sat on an incline with twisting stairs to the top and desert flowers on the way up .
jack was n't in front of the tv cataloging flowers .
the buildings were overgrown , unkempt , with peeling stucco and beams warped under the passion flower vines .
contessa same handwriting as the cards on antonio 's flowers .
though , warning , the ex - owners of this house had a psychotic affinity to chintz and flowers so it 's only slightly less girlie . ''
i 'd attached flower boxes to all the windows of the cabins that faced the lot , and in a few weeks , i 'd be filling them with bright flowers and lush greenery .
i 'd attached flower boxes to all the windows of the cabins that faced the lot , and in a few weeks , i 'd be filling them with bright flowers and lush greenery .
i 'd been grabbing plastic trays of flowers that i was going to plant in my window boxes and planters and i was doing this babbling my grand plans of bringing floral beauty to glacier lily .
i had happy , hopeful visions of shopping with deacon ( something i looked forward to in a way that might seem weird to some , but being alone for years , it was not weird to me ) , coming home , and deacon helping me with the flowers .
that being me getting the flowers planted faster , thus having some downtime to be with deacon , and also working alongside deacon .
now i 'd had to leave my trolley with my carefully selected trays of flowers and spiky and tailing plants that would so work with my vision of floral beauty at glacier lily in the garden center because i had no idea where my man was and the big flat trolley i had was too unwieldy to shove through the store .
i usually did the flowers for the house after i got the cabins done .
there were old , framed pieces of faded , but awesome embroidered flowers i 'd bought for five bucks each on the walls .
chapter fifteen i ' m glad a week later , i walked in the house from the shed , where i 'd been laundering sheets , folding them , and putting them in the linen cabinet there ( though i 'd stopped to deadhead some of the flowers in my pots on the steps of my porch ) .
she was holding a bouquet of flowers and wearing a wedding gown .
the steps up to the house were near to covered with pots filled with flowers , only a narrow clearing was available to make your way to the house .
she liked her flowers .
deacon let my hand go halfway up the steps that were nearly covered with empty pots awaiting spring flowers , making the ascent awkward for two people .
he also saw she had f**king sequins glued to her toenails that looked varnished with black polish , but had some kind of white flower design painted around the sequin .
i was unbelievably gratified when he took in my intricately scrolled white iron bed ; the frills , the flowers , the pastel pinks , blues and greens , and i saw his face get soft .
i knew what lay under them was na**d but as i looked that way , all i saw was our lake , our pier and my name in flowers painted on his back .
` ` that was hardly hearts and flowers . ''
` ` a man finds a woman who swallows , that alone , for a guy , is totally f**kin ' hearts and flowers . ''
` ` how 's that for hearts and flowers ? ''
` ` jesus , babe , how many flowers did you have to pluck to do this or can you buy just the - ? ''
it was flower print , girlie but it was a cool print and since it was the only thing in the room that was flowery , it worked ( even though the rest was pretty girlie ) .
i threw back my new , down comforter with its subtle , soft , flowery pattern ( okay , so i had more flowers but they were in another room so that was acceptable ) .
one of those bottles that had the flowers painted on it .
` ` not flowers or pink , '' he added then continued , ` ` or any of that white , chipped shit you got goin ' on . ''
whatever you want , flowers , food .
and , at knight 's demand , every week there were new flowers arranged in the two round , black vases in our bedroom , one on the coffee table in the seating area , a smaller one on my nightstand .
even though the wall above it was filled with photos , along the top off the vase of flowers , the chest was filled with more .
sweeping staircases up two sides with big urns at the bottoms of the balustrades that , no doubt , would be filled with flowers if it was n't january .
even bigger but matching urns that were now empty but in summer months would be filled with flowers dotted around .
another window at the side under which there was a low , wood - framed cabinet , its doors inlaid with punched tin , its top holding a vase of slightly wilting flowers , some greeting cards turned on their sides and a bowl full of keys , change and other life detritus .
and on the walls , prints of flowers in frames distressed from age , not meant to be that way .
there was a shelf with some old - fashioned , chrome boxes on it but also a little vase with more slightly wilted flowers .
gray 's grandma liked flowers , clearly .
it would be nice if i had the money to pop by the flower shop in town to order flowers delivered as a thank you to her for having such a wonderful grandson .
it would be nice if i had the money to pop by the flower shop in town to order flowers delivered as a thank you to her for having such a wonderful grandson .
` ` that sounds great , '' i murmured and before i could protest , gray was out of his seat , in a cupboard and he came back with a small plate that had frilly edges and flowers printed on it , leaning across the table to put it in front of me .
wilted flowers here and there .
i ' m gon na buy my girl flowers . ''
or , maybe , sending some flowers to his grandma who hated me then getting out of town which was what she wanted most out of me .
down the block , across the street and in the square , i saw casey heading my way , big smile on his face with a huge bouquet of flowers in his hand .
i 'd never bought flowers or received them .
but that looked like a lot of flowers .
my brother was half a block away , still grinning like a loon carrying his flowers , heading toward me when suddenly i was n't walking toward him anymore .
then gray 's eyes flicked to the flowers and back to casey 's face before he said low , ` ` shoulda been on duty last night ... '' pause then , ` ` bro . ''
instead , he used those two seconds to dip his head to the flowers and ask , ` ` those for ivey ? ''
she still comes every two weeks , cleans the house , does the laundry , does the ironing , puts flowers all around because macy likes flowers and that 's her way and then she leaves . ''
she still comes every two weeks , cleans the house , does the laundry , does the ironing , puts flowers all around because macy likes flowers and that 's her way and then she leaves . ''
lash shouted and i looked from watering the big pots of flowers with my hose to lash who was standing in our french doors .
now , although this catch up phone call has been a barrel of laughs , i ' ve got flowers to water .
then i walked out of our fabulous living room through our fabulous french doors to our fabulous flower bedecked cool deck around our fabulous pool and i grabbed the hose and recommenced watering .
though , '' i turned my head to see he 'd done the same to glance at me grinning before his eyes went back to the road , ` ` she does n't leave flowers anymore . ''
i further knew this when he walked by the vase of flowers i 'd put on the cabinet under the window in the kitchen , stopped , looked at it awhile then looked at me grinning .
i did n't stay hours but i brought her flowers then a box of chocolates then a plant to spruce up her room then a book because she liked reading .
i was standing at the kitchen counter , kneading the dough , christmas all around but my mind was on flowers .
not flowers for my wedding , planting them around the house .
so , come spring , the house would have grandma miriam 's flowers .
it was at lunch as i sat at a table with an umbrella ( though , i chose a seat in the sun not the shade ) on the wide sidewalk facing a flower and fountain bedecked square when i met celeste and her husband thomas .
` ` oh burberry is delightful , '' she declared , letting me go but sliding an arm around my waist and propelling me into a huge room with beautifully tiled floors and lush , plush but comfortable looking furniture scattered around that practically begged you to collapse on it and have a nap and huge , arched , opened doors that led out to a flower bedecked terrace with a view to the lake .
* * * * * i was standing in the bathroom in nothing but my brand new , beautiful , silk , purple with big pink flowers robe that cost more than many people 's rents , rubbing moisturizer on my face .
chapter twenty - one i did not raise a stupid man two days later ... ` ` i should have brought flowers , '' i mumbled , staring down the wide terminal hall sam and i were standing at the end of and doing it like a stampede of bulls was heading my way .
` ` flowers say welcome , '' i informed him .
sam curled his body into mine and wrapped his other arm around me , saying softly , ` ` kia , honey , you got flowers on the kitchen bar .
you got flowers on the kitchen island .
you got flowers on the dining room table .
and you got flowers and chocolates in her bedroom .
however , i had two plus hours of airport , baggage claim and ride home to navigate before she even saw the flowers and chocolates .
` ` four bouquets of flowers and a box of chocolates ? ''
after sam took his run , i talked him into hitting town to buy flowers , chocolates and vases ( sam 's kitchen was kitted out but he was not a man who owned vases , this i discovered during my search while he was running ) .
i did n't just buy four vases because my woman wanted to fill the house with flowers .
i bought four vases because my woman 's livin ' at my house and she 's the kinda woman who fills the house with flowers . ''
chapter twenty - two never use it just to breathe ` ` look at all these beautiful flowers ! ''
now we were home , she liked the flowers and it was all good .
she was spending ten thousand dollars on flowers alone for her wedding .
she 's spending ten thousand dollars on flowers alone . ''
the purple of the flowers in the field that celie and nettie played in in the color purple .
chapter six butterflies and flowers my alarm went off .
` ` it matches the pink t - shirt with the flower on it . ''
billie 's flower t - shirt and jeans skirt with cute pink ruffle was only the favorite of the three outfits mitch bought her .
then she pointed at the barrette i put in her hair that morning which had a heart on it , not a butterfly or flower .
` ` it has little flowers on it and that shirt is for boys . ''
sometimes she even puts small vases with flowers in there . ''
a clean apartment , nice furniture , flowers on your bedspread and i found out you only own a hammer .
i did n't want him sending presents and flowers .
in denver , if you planted flowers , in the arid climate you needed to tend them and this tending mostly had to do with adding copious amounts of water but it also did n't hurt to pull weeds .
` ` can i be your flower girl when you marry uncle slim ? ''
at that point , for some totally unhinged reason , my mouth blurted , ` ` ellie has ordered a pink flower girl dress . ''
i pressed my cheek to his chest again thinking stupidly but hopefully and oh so pleasantly that ellie would look cute in a pink flower girl dress .
` ` yes , '' i answered , holding a bundle of flowers , a six pack of bottled bud and a bag filled with a tub of cool whip , canned whipped cream , a carton of the real stuff not yet whipped and a gallon of gourmet vanilla bean ice cream brock continued not to move and also continued to stare at me .
laura swept forward and , with a kiss on her brother 's cheek and quick hug for me , she divested me of my flowers , the beer and bag and swept away at the same time jill took brock 's burdens .
in that ten minutes , the good news was , jill and i set the tables ( plural because there were folding ones set up in the living room for the overspill ) , the men disappeared to watch tv , fern got the sweet potato casserole in the oven , laura and elvira tackled the mountain of potatoes and they were on the stove , kalie and kellie had arranged my plethora of desserts on the side table in the dining room and were currently arranging my bouquet of flowers in a vase and fern , jill and laura clearly had a good deal of experience with levi loving them and leaving them and were inclusive and gentle with lenore even though it was probably the last time they would see her .
each table was topped with a tiny steel bucket with a poofy display of flowers and there was a much bigger bucket filled with a spray of them on one of the counters .
tess in an ass to heels , knees to chest squat , her arm around ellie 's waist , her head bent to listen to what ellie was whispering in her ear , her body hidden by ellie 's exceptionally girlie , pink flower girl dress .
she also kept homemade cookies in the cookie jar all the time and for a kid , a girl who was being raised by a man who was all man , that meant she was practically perfect she and dad got married and i was the flower girl but not like normal flower girls .
she also kept homemade cookies in the cookie jar all the time and for a kid , a girl who was being raised by a man who was all man , that meant she was practically perfect she and dad got married and i was the flower girl but not like normal flower girls .
it was a rosina wachtmeister snow globe with a happy kitty in it , little flowers dancing around the base and if you turned it over and shook it , glitter danced around the kitty .
` ` women like clothes , they like shoes , they like flowers and they like people to look at them and think , ' god , she 's gorgeous . '
the picture of me carrying a bouquet of flowers and hawk carrying an automatic weapon .
we did n't bother with a flower girl , since rider and cutter both played ring bearers .
the proof of this was he was now very dead , and she had scars from the bullets her dead fiance bought her , because he wanted to give her some crazy - ass , out - of - season flowers for their wedding and he got involved with the russian mob to do it .
for flowers .
it was the night she found out her old man was making whacked decisions in order to buy her flowers .
tomorrow , i wo n't expect flowers .
the dress , ring , flowers , all of it terrified me because that was what had led me and elliott to kansas city .
` ` though , few months , i would n't be surprised to see him standin ' on her front step , carrying flowers . ''
` ` but - '' ` ` you use your money for your fancy clothes and you can plant flowers and buy shit for the kitchen . ''
did he say plant flowers and buy shit for the kitchen ?
` ` i can plant flowers and buy stuff for the kitchen .
it also had big half barrels full of newly planted flowers out front .
it was closing on may , there was a nip in the air and i wondered if those flowers were hopeful .
there were more flowers in window boxes in the front windows of the reception - slash - house .
there were also more flowers in half barrels intermittently placed by the poles on the walk in front of the hotel rooms with more window boxes on the railing of the balcony in front of the rooms upstairs .
this all was intermingled with a discount tobacco store that sold all types of smoker delights for all types of things you could smoke ; two discount liquor stores ; a drug store ; a tailor who seemed to specialize in stitching biker patches into leather ( or at least that was what the sign in the window said ) ; two convenience stores , one opposite the hotel , one at the other end of town opposite the mechanic ; a busy grocery store about a quarter the size of the mega - grocery stores that every other town in the nation seemed to have and it looked like it 'd been there since 1967 ; a bakery ; a hardware store ; a flower shop ; a gas station and a variety of other nowheresville places to fill a nowheresville town .
mine was the only car in the lot and she had a flower and pool habit and those were n't exactly cheap .
she was friendly , she liked flowers , she was proud of her below average hotel and small but clean pool and she wanted her guests to feel safe .
i turned to betty to see she had a hose and was doing her morning watering of the flowers .
her legs had a hint of tan i guessed because she was often out watering her flowers or cleaning the pool or sweeping the walkways or cleaning the cool deck around the pool with a blast from the hose and i noticed she was always in a sundress .
she grinned at the spray shooting at her flowers and kept talking .
i paired this with silver stud earrings in the shapes of little daisies , a bunch of silver bangles on my wrist with dangly daisies or roses on them and a pair of kelly green , suede flats with a big flower on the rounded toe .
on top of the standing dresser was a vase of fresh flowers .
flower petal , '' shambles edged close and took my hand , ` ` maybe we should get you some coffee . ''
every piece of land surrounding their cabin either had newly planted flowers or vegetables planted in it and they had a fledgling grape arbor .
i 'd also added a layering of a bunch of silver necklaces that i usually only wore one at a time , all of them having daisies or flowers dangling from them or pendants with daisies and flowers stamped on them .
i 'd also added a layering of a bunch of silver necklaces that i usually only wore one at a time , all of them having daisies or flowers dangling from them or pendants with daisies and flowers stamped on them .
i 'd put on my daisy stud earrings and my flower - dangling bracelets .
i walked by the florist , then walked back , went in and ordered some flowers for betty .
every monday i walked up carrying the flowers , she 'd watch me through the windows and i 'd watch her face light up .
* * * * * on the second monday , after la - la land and before picking up the flowers from holly , i walked the length of carnal .
betty and ned , the pool , bubba 's , jim - billy , my visits to sunny and shambles , their treats , wendy , holly at the flower shop - i even missed tyler 's boot camps .
i opened my eyes and stared at the plants and flowers , unruly , unkempt , but i knew not planted by tate 's hands .
i watched the hotel slide by , the pool lit , the parking lot lit , the hotel below average but the whole place kept neat and tidy , a riot of flowers blooming everywhere , the pool clean and bright , the waters tranquil , beckoning .
i focused on jonas as he ran to la - la land and i watched him lean a store arranged bouquet of flowers against a long , thick line of flower bouquets that had already been laid there .
i focused on jonas as he ran to la - la land and i watched him lean a store arranged bouquet of flowers against a long , thick line of flower bouquets that had already been laid there .
he wanted our flowers to be there . ''
our flowers .
i stared at the flowers the folks of carnal had laid out to show sunny and shambles they had the town 's support .
a white ribbed tank with a black , silver , gray and orange design of skulls , hearts and flowers around the words ` ` carnal , colorado , harley heaven '' from amber and jonelle .
sure , that skip was a high bond and the payoff was mammoth , so mammoth tate did n't really have to work for months if he did n't want to ( and it meant i could double the flower and catering budgets for the wedding which holly , who was doing our flowers , and shambles , who was doing the catering , were ecstatic about ) .
he 'd also had a set of five silver bangles made , two had flower pendants dangling , three had been inset all around with peridot and rose quartz .
you could n't see it for the flowers but tate 's fingers were curled around jonas 's shoulder .
i went to stand in the doorway and held my flowers in front of me .
the second box held a necklace , a delicate white gold chain on which was suspended a flower cluster of diamonds that matched the earrings .
he went to the vase with the fake flowers on top of the table , yanked out the flowers , put them on the table and walked back to their room , putting out the do not disturb sign .
he went to the vase with the fake flowers on top of the table , yanked out the flowers , put them on the table and walked back to their room , putting out the do not disturb sign .
then he walked out of the bathroom , around the bed and set the flowers on her nightstand .
upon waking , after seeing ty 's side of the bed was mussed but empty , processing the fact that i slept on top of the covers in my wedding dress , those flowers in that vase were the second thing i saw after i rolled .
one long main street , starting with the tidy , flower - festooned carnal hotel ( which , regardless if it was tidy and flower - festooned , it was more of a motel then a hotel ) on the left and ending with a big mechanics garage on the right with residential areas leading off the main street which were compact rather than sprawl .
one long main street , starting with the tidy , flower - festooned carnal hotel ( which , regardless if it was tidy and flower - festooned , it was more of a motel then a hotel ) on the left and ending with a big mechanics garage on the right with residential areas leading off the main street which were compact rather than sprawl .
every single one was taken care of but there were a few that really were taken care of with big planters and flower boxes filled with blooms and trailing or spiking greenery , a couple of flagpoles with american flags , some with decorative accents on the outside like iron kokopellis , terracotta suns and fancy outdoor lights and some with very attractive deck furniture .
` ` betty went to holly and did the flowers , '' laurie added .
and i thought his decks needed flowers and furniture .
i ' m going to get some flowers , '' she told the island where she went to grab her purse which she did then she ripped off the top paper on the pad .
` ` okay , '' she took one step toward him and the dead was gone from her voice , she was now speaking with strained patience , ` ` you 're a guy so you do n't get this but when a man brings his new wife to his house , she does shit like plant flowers to put her stamp on it , make it her home , make it his home .
` ` it 's just flowers , '' she whispered .
` ` it was just flowers . ''
` ` now , are you gon na go with me to buy flowers for the deck or what ? ''
he was n't a hearts and flowers guy but he 'd seen shit like that sold in stores and the way she made what she 'd made was far from amateur .
he also did n't tell her that the thing she made was beautiful and not just because of what it was , what it said and that she 'd made it with flowers from her bouquet .
in return , she 'd shared that betty of ned and betty owned the carnal hotel and the healthy , abundant flowers outside were her doing .
he approved and was very patient with me distracting him every twenty minutes to drag him wherever i was working so he could look at a planter filled with flowers , spiked and trailing greenery which i could tell he gave not one shit about .
the bouquet of flowers i bought her before i put my ring on her finger that she tore up and pressed the petals between two squares of glass and she hung that shit in my window in the kitchen so she can see them when she does the dishes .
they settled at the railing beside one of lexie 's flourishing pots of flowers .
i ignored this , settled in my roller chair and grabbed a gel pen with a fine tip and flowers printed on the sides of it that wrote in purple ink , the only thing in dominic 's pen holder which also happened to be purple ( as was much of the interior of the salon not to mention the sign outside ) but the pen holder also had glittered white butterflies on it ( as did the outside sign ) .
` ` just fyi , hubby , misty gave some things away at the salon and i ' m not sure it 's all hearts and flowers in chez keaton , '' i shared .
' specially since things are exactly hearts and flowers at chez walker . ''
and his nerves did n't fade no matter that there were flowers in a vase , lexie was tricked out , she 'd made some snack where she 'd baked cups of rolled out pieces of bread she 'd cut the crusts off of and then filled with some sausage , mushroom , olive , cream , garlic and cheese stuff that tasted the shit then offered up homemade brownies with a thick layer of chocolate frosting she 'd served with ice cream .
did you kiss ty and then everything was hearts and flowers ? ''
but things were hearts and flowers when i wanted to do it , had an overwhelming urge to do it and i did n't do it .
it was the space over holly 's flower shop on main street .
this meant , on frequent occasions , it smelled like flowers .
i knew at a glance that sunny had either prepared the coffee or the cups because , in purple marker on the side , a bunch of flowers were drawn all around and sunny drew flowers .
i knew at a glance that sunny had either prepared the coffee or the cups because , in purple marker on the side , a bunch of flowers were drawn all around and sunny drew flowers .
the shrubs and grass in front of it now covered in snow and large tufts of snow covered the four , large urns , two at the top of the steps , two at the bottom that he had vaguely noticed were filled with healthy flowers in the summer months .
sondra likes flowers , pink ones .
chace had n't ever bought flowers for a woman and seen the results so he did n't know a fifty dollar bouquet was that huge .
which , from the arrangement currently lying across faye 's lap that holly at the flower shop made up , with a gleam in her eye after he told her how much he was wanted to pay , meant his mother 's were likely enormous .
she gave him a bright smile much like liza 's , he let her hand go and faye moved in for a kiss on the cheek and to hand her the flowers .
she appreciated the flowers , made that known but did n't go overboard in a way that would make chace ill - at - ease .
food was passed around and chace took in the flowers he bought that sondra had put in the middle , a silent but thoughtful indication of her gratitude .
chace participated in a discussion about the avalanche with the men while listening to faye remind her mother that spring was nearly on the rockies and asking her if she 'd help again that year with flowers at the library .
faye planted those flowers with her mother .
and , baby , i know you 'd give him what he needs but right now you do not have the ability to do that since you live in a one room apartment over a flower shop . ''
sondra was a part - time bookkeeper who did the books for a variety of businesses in town including the italian restaurant , holly 's flower shop and la - la land coffee .
this being that the flowers i 'd ordered through holly were gracing the table and valerie calling my attention to them and expressing her gratitude so often that , in the end , i was running out of ways to say , ` ` you 're welcome . ''
also tomorrow , tables , chairs , tents , a dance floor , another floating deck that would hold dj equipment and a shit load of flowers and bunting would be delivered .
i ignored this as i gathered up the flowers ham called in while i was getting ready and we swung by the flower shop to pick up .
i ignored this as i gathered up the flowers ham called in while i was getting ready and we swung by the flower shop to pick up .
` ` i miss you , '' i whispered to the flowers .
i felt a hand slide up my back and curl around my neck , warm and reassuring as i stood still , stared at those flowers , and said one last good - bye to my sister .
a plant we cultivated at the facility - a pretty little flower whose berries were poison .
entering the large greenhouse , i glanced around at the seedlings and exotic flowers .
i froze , picturing killers tending to such delicate things like flowers all with the intent to murder .
his parents heard us screaming ; his dad shoved me out the front door and straight into a large flower pot .
april brought a chill , signalling summer was over , and it was time to say goodbye to flowers and heat and sunshine .
i still suffered from crawling from the manor , past immaculate flower beds , over precision mowed grass , and cutting through shadows cast by imposing hedges .
i cried out as jethro 's cold hands latched around my waist , plucking me from the tree as if i were a dead flower , and spinning me to face him .
nila drifted forward , noticing what was hidden amongst the cleaned post and silk flowers that were there purely for morbid decoration .
my eyes fell on the cuffs dangling between fake flowers .
mortar and pestles lined the windowsill with herbs and flowers drying above .
i ' m not a girly girl , so i do n't mind not having the princess dress or the flowers or the food but ... '' i sighed heavily .
the flowers teetered then committed suicide on the marble floor below .
the cotton did n't stand a chance , shredding like gossamer to follow the same path the flowers had .
a man in a tailored tuxedo bowed as we pushed the up button and waited beside a flower arrangement that looked like a living fountain of orchids , lilies , and ferns .
pansies and merry flowers bordered the doorstep , looking innocent , harbouring evil inside .
i no longer cared about drapery or flowers .
we used to go to the regular flower show .
was the parking lot completely tarmacked over , or were there flower beds dotted around to give it a more caring feel ?
he had n't brought any flowers with this visit .
the dead flowers from his last visit were removed .
he moved the flowers away .
a guy asking you on a date , a dress , and flowers . ''
` ` yeah , you know , the roses and flowers kind of date .
she planted some flowers in her small garden and read a book in between wondering what tony wanted to talk to her about .
all you 're missing are the flowers . ''
` ` because a petal is on every flower , and every flower reminds me of you .
` ` because a petal is on every flower , and every flower reminds me of you .
the truth was he 'd seen her wearing flowers in her hair , much like on that blasted wedding day , and for the first time in his life he 'd seen something good and pure .
i ' ve been called many things but never something that reminded them of a flower . ''
` ` petals are beautiful , and the main reason people pick a flower is based on the beauty of the petals .
his flower .
she placed the flowers in a vase .
were the card and the flowers a sick joke ?
i sent you the flowers and the card that night .
there 'd be a quick church wedding - her dress had been picked , and the flowers sorted .
` ` she did n't even get a chance to put her flowers down .
he watched her start to arrange multiple flowers into a large bouquet .
cheryl handed him change and placed the flowers in his hands .
he took the flowers and headed out of the shop .
death put the flowers down beside her bed , reaching over to kiss her cheek .
she did n't speak to him other than to offer advice on the kind of flowers his wife would want .
nash was one of only a few men who came to the store to buy flowers .
i also serve some of you boys with flowers . ''
oh , and bringing flowers is supposed to be an acceptable apology for running out on you last night . ''
laughing , she took the flowers inhaling their fragrant scent .
i ' ve also brought you the flowers as a sorry . ''
` ` erm , i ' ve never been given flowers , and so i ' ve never seen the need to buy one . ''
with time she 'd make changes and advance the business from selling flowers to going into more of a retail outlet .
she loved being around flowers , maybe chocolates as well .
this flower shop had emptied out his account .
lash did n't remember anything about the other woman besides the fact she did beautiful flower arranging that angel enjoyed looking at .
she watched him take the flowers from her bed , place them beside her , and tug the blanket down her legs .
you want flowers and false promises , get a book .
he stared at the flowers in his hand knowing they were a pitiful excuse for what he 'd done .
` ` i got you some flowers . ''
` ` are these your guilt flowers ? ''
` ` take the flowers , '' he said .
she swiped the flowers off the counter and walked away .
out of his drug haze , nash was able to properly mourn the death of mikey and even took flowers to kate 's graveside with sophia .
` ` it is my favourite flower . ''
smiling down at her , he knew it would be only a matter of time before he had this flower right where he wanted her .
he just knew in his gut that this girl had a past , and it was n't all flowers and roses .
violet deserved roses and flowers .
he 'd have to remember to send hilary a very expensive bouquet of flowers for bringing rose morgan into his life .
even among flowers , lilies were overly large .
every laugh they 'd shared had been a flower blooming in the sun .
she had intended to bring flowers to their graves ever since she 'd come back from italy .
` ` mom , dad , i love you , and i promise to bring flowers next time , but right now i ' ve got to go and win my husband back . ''
like she was a delicate flower ?
you know ... hearts , flowers , romance . ''
she deserved romance , hearts , flowers and whatever else a man did for a woman on a day for lovers .
had kara gotten flowers from her ex ?
he leaned over nina 's flowers and told her in a hesitant , low voice .
he 'd tried to be organized about delivering stuff to the dining room : flowers on the table , candies on the chairs , jewelry and perfume gifts on the floor .
` ` i do n't know your favorite flower .
i ' ve never even gotten flowers before . ''
` ` what did you mean when you said you 'd never gotten flowers ?
especially flowers , because they eventually die . ''
he invaded , pillaged , ravished with his lips and tongue , and she opened to him like a flower to the sun .
scowling , he cut a hard right turn and accelerated , his heart thumping at the thought of seeing maddie again , wondering what she had made of the flowers he had sent her on valentine 's day .
she opened to him immediately , like a flower that had just been waiting to fully bloom .
teal and green intermingled with the tangerine color of her top , making her look like an exotic flower .
` ` you deserve a real proposal with flowers , candlelight , and a romantic dinner .
today , asha had brought her a bouquet of flowers for her birthday , and insisted on taking her out for lunch .
and thank kade for the flowers in case i do n't see him today .
jason had been gone longer than he 'd meant to be : he stopped at the flower shop to buy hope some flowers , and the jewelry store , the same store where he 'd bought their wedding rings before he 'd flown to vegas .
jason had been gone longer than he 'd meant to be : he stopped at the flower shop to buy hope some flowers , and the jewelry store , the same store where he 'd bought their wedding rings before he 'd flown to vegas .
chapter thirty jenna as the wedding insanity began to ramp up , with more and more last - minute emails from the planner making sure i was okay with this type or flower or this minor color variation , i made more of an effort than usual to stick to a routine .
when he arched his brows , she continued , ` ` i hate being alone on a day when everyone else is walking around all goofy smiles and flowers .
why do i have to have a boyfriend to get flowers and chocolate ?
` ` i like the flowers out front . ''
setting down the flowers , i pick up the teakettle and pretend to pour him a cup while he eyes the plastic pastries , swirling his finger above them as he decides on the one that he wants .
my princess flowers .
she roams around , going back and forth between my bedroom and the bathroom as i clutch the flowers to my chest .
` ` those are pretty flowers .
she looks over to see what i ' m talking about and responds , ` ` it 's just a lock since we do n't have the keys , '' and then starts driving away while i hold tightly to my flowers .
i told him it was my favorite though , so when he gives me flowers , his way of showering me with affection , it only reminds me of everything i hate .
i ask with an undertone that states we 're talking about more than just flowers .
i stay put , standing by the flowers , and question , ` ` in which case ? ''
i show him to the private dining room that declan had the flowers in earlier this week , and when we walk in , declan is there talking to the chef .
` ` there 's something about a beautiful , nearly flawless flower , emerging from muddled water . ''
rolling over in declan 's bed , i ' m alone , aside from the dozens of pure white lotus flowers that are spread over the bed and myself .
the heady mixture of fruit , rain , and earth wafts through the room as i take in the beauty of the delicate blooms - declan 's favorite flower .
i pick up one of the white flowers known for their birth in muddy waters only to grow and bloom into a flawless spread of purity .
i wish for a moment that this flower could resemble me .
i gather all the flowers and take them to the kitchen .
i laugh under my breath and then he inquires , ` ` you ' ve never told me what your favorite flower is . ''
` ` such a simple flower .
lush green vegetation surrounded me , the smell of flowers and tropics creating a fragrance that i wanted to bottle and keep forever .
my fingers hovered above the flowers .
the beach , the candles , the tent , the flowers -- he 'd handled all of it .
he 's supposed to do the big , wedding of the century thing with a sea of people he barely knows , flowers , something that cost more than the average person makes in a year .
i did n't think it was possible to make the place look more breathtaking but the small pieces she 'd come with -- a tower light , a few vases , fresh flowers , and a glass sculpture that created a flow in the living room -- just magnified the beauty of the space .
when i did a circle and went to rearrange the flowers , she stepped in my path , giving me a tight smile .
the roof , usually lined with wicker furniture and flowers , was the perfect oasis from deadlines or to enjoy a cup of coffee or lunch .
couples hand in hand , vendors selling bright flowers , smiling families ; shiny , happy people .
i took them , a smile tipping at my lips as i brought the fragrant flowers to my nose and breathed them in .
i breathed in her smell ; the warmth of leather and soap with a hint of flowers .
hours ago , she 'd opened up for me like some beautiful flower , stretching its petals towards the scorching sun .
` ` someone sent you flowers ! ''
you know first comes flowers , then comes marriage- '' i could n't help but laugh at that .
i never would have pegged logan for a flowers kind of guy , but he 'd get no complaints from me .
i remembered all but begging jason to get me flowers and his rebuttal that i could n't even keep my potted plants at my office alive .
i knew it was n't fair to feel slighted by logan or upset that he had n't sent the flowers .
as he came toward me , holding those flowers like a shield , the red bled all over everything .
framed art work and glass sculptures surrounded me and fresh , lush flowers beckoned with floral scents that i wanted to inhale and keep with me forever - but a security guard stood like a mountain in my way , preventing me from taking one step further .
so tender and so soft and a thousand different things that courses right down my belly to the nub within my pu**y , and i feel a flower of desire open up in me .
standing at the doorway is a guy carrying the largest flower arrangement i have ever seen .
` ` because i ' m supposed to deliver these flowers to ms . elizabeth turner and make sure she reads that card . ''
the delivery boy sets the gargantuan flower arrangement down .
he 's followed by another delivery boy carrying yet another huge bunch of flowers ... and another ... and another .
more flowers ?
the soup is followed by smoked salmon fashioned to look like a flower .
to ensure that he massages every recess , his fingers prize my labia open so that my entire pu**y is bared to him like a naked flower .
the bodice is my dress is done up in ivory motifs of the azalea , which is the national flower of moldavia , and seeded with pearls and little diamonds .
cece entered shannon 's office carrying the biggest , most amazing bouquet of exotic roses shannon had ever seen and she wondered which player cece had received them from but when cece put the flowers on shannon 's desk with a delighted smile , shannon eyed the roses warily .
cece shrugged and picked up the flowers , admiring their beauty .
besides , it always looks good for an available woman to have flowers on her desk . ''
` ` life is for the living , shannon , '' cece said walking away with the flowers .
it took a moment for him to adjust to her stance and he thought perhaps she had n't received the flowers but as he took in her completely hostile body language , he had a sinking feeling his flowers had ended up in the trash .
it took a moment for him to adjust to her stance and he thought perhaps she had n't received the flowers but as he took in her completely hostile body language , he had a sinking feeling his flowers had ended up in the trash .
` ` you did n't like the flowers ? ''
i was hoping the flowers might make up for the uncomfortable altercation between us . ''
he 'd see to it that she had fresh flowers every single day if she so desired .
` ` i do n't know , use your imagination and i ' m not talking about flowers . ''
this is way better than flowers ! ''
poor lana ... such a delicate flower .
she wanted to slide in between the two brothers but she demurely took a seat across from them in a large , overstuffed chair that nearly swallowed her , which was a feat seeing as she was n't what one would call a petite flower of a girl .
the florist smiled and placed the flowers on the table , saying , ` ` someone thinks you 're special .
jerked back to the present , vince kneeled before the polished granite headstone and wished he 'd brought flowers but he had n't exactly planned to visit .
she smelled like flowers and lavender and , ironically enough , vanilla .
she smelled like flowers and honey , the aroma filling his nostrils , subtle and yet far more potent than the scent of sweat , perfume and aftershave mingling in the hot air of the club .
` ` ah well , '' she murmured to herself , steering the car toward the end of the street , where her corner flower shop was located .
for some reason , parents liked to buy their college kids flowers to celebrate the new school year , or the new life journey , as many of her customers liked to harp .
she 'd never heard of either holmes or the company name , but savannah liked the idea of doing flowers for a big event .
for a twenty - year - old man , he was oddly interested in flowers .
there was nothing that brightened her day more than a bouquet of pretty , colorful flowers .
hanging on the storefront was a big purple sign that read harte to harte flowers .
he and annabelle got out of the car and headed for the door of the flower shop .
a bell chimed as they entered the store , and almost immediately , the heady and powerful scent of flowers filled his nostrils .
his gaze took in the elaborate arrangements and baskets of fresh - smelling flowers practically overflowing the shop 's small space .
in this case , it would be flowers . ''
` ` are you here to buy flowers ? ''
` ` uh , yeah , so should we talk about what harte to harte flowers can do for you ? ''
` ` and now that i ' m doing the flowers for that wedding , i wo n't have much time to date anyway . ''
of course , she smelled like flowers .
i wanted to work with flowers , so i moved down here to work at a nursery one of my mom 's friends owns .
savannah 's head was bent over a yellow legal pad when matt strode into her flower shop two days later .
after ordering beers and a pizza to share , savannah pulled her notepad from her purse and said , ` ` okay , let 's see your flower expertise . ''
` ` jeez , you really do know flowers . ''
i ' m doing the flowers for a huge wedding and will be working non - stop until then . ''
matt dropped a few bills on the table , reached for her hand , and practically dragged her back to the flower shop .
she 'd gotten up at six in the morning and spent seven hours getting the flowers ready for the wedding .
to celebrate , savannah was going on a date with tony , the tall , dark - haired hottie who 'd waltzed into her shop yesterday evening to buy flowers for his newly engaged cousin .
did you always want to work with flowers ? ''
she was too forward when it came to sex , too sarcastic , and not at all domestic , unless you counted her affinity for flowers .
he furrowed his brows when she held up a flower about three inches long with delicate white petals .
` ` you brought me a flower ? ''
taking the fragile flower from her hands , matt studied it for a moment , then could n't help but smile .
` ` the next day , brendan showed up at the jewelry store with flowers and apologized .
i know you were freaked out about the notes and the flowers , but i did n't mean to frighten you .
her sister - in - law had barely said a word since she 'd arrived at savannah 's loft , which was located above harte to harte , the flower shop savannah owned and ran .
chapter thirteen it was ten thirty when jen stepped onto the sidewalk in front of savannah 's flower shop .
no garden or flowers or bird feeders or any of the fun things she and the twins had put in their own yard .
according to her , only flowers are allowed to be showy . ''
with flowers for his mother .
fifteen years that i could have visited her , or sent her cards and flowers or ... '' another harsh breath .
aidan really had been in that flower shop for a while .
at least twenty minutes had passed since he 'd ducked inside , after insisting they stop and buy flowers for claire 's mother .
he crouched down on the grass and brought his head close to the flowers , then glanced over and said , ` ` what am i supposed to be hearing ? ''
he simply crossed the freshly mowed grass with long strides and knelt down in front of the flowers .
` ` well , then you know that you ca n't just throw any old soil down and then wait for flowers to grow .
` ` are we still talking about flowers ? ''
` ` we were never talking about flowers , dumbass . ''
suddenly tears are pouring down my cheeks , and i want to pull my car over by the tall grass with its tiny flowers and sob .
the spa building is a rectangular , white one - story on several acres of green grass , large trees , and well - kept flower beds .
it creaks , and as soon as it swings open i can smell flowers .
she wraps her arms around a rock that 's in the flower bed by the bottom stair and looks up at me with her mouth hanging half open .
right in front of me , pushed against a cracked yellow wall , is a rickety - looking wooden table with a chipped ceramic flower vase on top .
grass and flowers meticulously maintained by the hoa .
there 's a flower poster on one wall .
he leaned in , and her mouth opened like a flower when he covered it with his own .
` ` this place ... '' she gestured around the balcony , at the flower - laden window boxes and elegantly laid table .
` ` she is going to be the most adorable flower girl , '' kara said , reaching out and covering sophie 's hand with her own .
` ` i know , '' sophie said softly , breathing in the scent of the wild flowers she held , a larger version of the corsage on kara 's wrist and the tiny posy clutched in tilly 's hand .
in the distance , a raffia pergola stood close to the sea 's edge , fresh island flowers wound around its struts .
` ` welcome to little flower , '' kyle said .
you have n't lived until you ' ve been to little flower during mud season . ''
when they entered evan 's apartment and found cadin haplessly arranging a bouquet of flowers on the small dining table outside the kitchen , they both took a deep breath and exhaled at the same time .
she went right to work arranging the flowers and said , ` ` how can you be so damn helpless ?
` ` i ca n't help it if i ' m not good with flowers , or cooking , or picking out the right clothes .
cadin did have other talents , and those talents surpassed cooking , shopping , and flower arrangement .
she 'd finished arranging the flowers and she was now sitting on a club chair next to the sofa , checking her makeup .
he kicked the locker and said , ` ` well , i think you 're both a couple of assholes , because if chad pratt sent me flowers i 'd be thinking of ways to become mrs . chad pratt . ''
chad stood there in the black jacket his driver had given him , with part of his naked torso exposed , holding some kind of fake flower made out of felt .
the fake flower stood up from a brown felt pot about a foot tall , with bright yellow petals , a vivid green stem , and a bold red center .
then chad lifted the flower higher with both hands and pushed a button at the back of the brown felt pot .
the moment the song you are my sunshine began to play the flower started to dance around in uneven circles .
chad reached out with the flower in both hands and said , ` ` i saw it in the gift shop while i was waiting for them to bring you back down .
when treston saw the helpless expression on chad 's face - as the ridiculous felt flower danced around to a tinny music box version of you are my sunshine - treston looked up at the ceiling and started to laugh .
he 'd never mentioned anything about this song to chad , and he 'd never seen anything as dumb and adorable at the same time as the dancing flower .
he turned off the music box and set the flower on a table beside the bed .
the instant chad saw him get up he stopped signing autographs and jogged over to help him to the door with the silly felt flower in his hands .
and then when i saw you standing in the hospital with this flower , i got my sunshine back .
he glanced down at the small flower arrangement in his left hand and smiled .
she glanced at the bouquet of flowers and said , ` ` are n't those lovely .
he handed brad the flowers and said , ` ` i know the city pretty well .
while he searched for something to put the flowers in , he said , ` ` make yourself at home . ''
and sometimes , though not always , there was a nice little bouquet of flowers in a small vase on the coffee table .
on his way to the bedroom , he noticed a fresh bouquet of flowers on the coffee table and he rolled his eyes .
he glanced at the flower vase .
` ` does he bring you flowers all the time ? ''
` ` he does n't bringmethe flowers .
i bring the flowers .
brad is way too important and too busy to have time to think about flowers .
it had n't occurred to him that richie was the one bringing the flowers , or that he was bringing them for toby .
he did n't seem like the type of guy who even noticed flowers .
in fact , if my arrangement with brad stopped the flowers would be the one thing i 'd miss about the entire situation . ''
richie continued to leave small flower arrangements in toby 's apartment and he went to extra lengths to make sure toby 's apartment was perfect when he left .
he also left a fresh bouquet of flowers on toby 's desk all the time .
though richie knew toby never mentioned any of this special treatment aloud to anyone , he always winked and thanked richie for the flowers the next day when he passed him in the hall .
but there was n't a flower arrangement on the coffee table and he knew the man brad had been with that afternoon was n't richie .
he noticed richie left flowers on his desk and his office smelled fantastic .
he knew richie had set the tree up , just as he 'd left the flower arrangements on the coffee table .
` ` why do you think i ' ve been leaving flowers in here and on your desk at work ?
as the tepid water from the showerhead pelted against my skin , i imagined granny in a flowing white dress with a bouquet of colorful flowers .
plastic flowers ?
the flowers are a nice touch , she said , gently touching the petals of the blue wildflowers that forged an inner circle next to the pebbles that decorated the edge of the pie .
as anne drove behind carla up the street , she saw families outside in their yards either working on their lawns and flower gardens or tossing around balls and frisbees .
a well maintained shrub and flower garden filled with azalea and potentilla bushes , blue lobelia , red impatiens , purple and white petunias , red astilbes , and several other annuals anne could nt name followed the sidewalk that led to the front door of the red brick building from the smaller parking lot .
flower boxes , filled with red geraniums and multicolored flowers , flanked the edges of the exposed concrete patio , and several japanese maple trees dressed up the grassy areas .
a wrought iron railing enclosed the second floor gallery , and additional furniture was placed outside for guests who wished to look out onto the sweeping front lawn lined with large oaks and flowers .
wild flowers growing in rock ledges along the shoreline and hills were juxtaposed with neat window boxes and flowerpots on doorsteps .
flower arrangements of calla lilies , alliums , and mums were set strategically around the chapel and tied to the ends of pews to complement the flowers they carried .
flower arrangements of calla lilies , alliums , and mums were set strategically around the chapel and tied to the ends of pews to complement the flowers they carried .
the chapel was quaint , and the enclosed space captured the wonderful scents from the flowers .
lilies were her favorite flower .
your mother is down in the flower garden , and your dad is in his study watching a ball game .
according to what he had heard , that part of the woods had been a bid from lirium , the goddess of flowers and trees .
she bent down , grabbed the flower and put it to her nose to smell its scent .
she went back in the house , to place the flower in the glass where she had put the other .
i mean , i love then , but soon ill have my mother demanding to know who s the secret admirer that sends me flowers she interrupted herself .
he thought to himself that he should find out what her favorite flower was to offer her a bunch of them and , most importantly , face to face , as he wanted her to see who they were from .
tired of the repetitive loop the beginning of the day , she returned to the room to put the flower next to the others .
how could he continue to offer her flowers when she was about to condemn him ?
lets open the window ; i bet we can smell the flowers .
jules leaves food and flowers at my doori throw it all away .
terra tossed the flower aside with a quick breath of exasperation and rolled over onto her back -- to gaze up into a handsome face with a full smile and twinkling blue eyes .
terra leaned back against the chair , pulling her legs up to hug her knees to her chest as she stared at the patch of white flowers with an unseeing gaze .
thank you for sending the flowers and the invitations to balls and whatever , but .
locke weaving flowers . ''
tell him thank you for the flower , but i ca nt come to the party .
by the way , terra sends a thank you for the flower .
instead of sending flowers and invitations , i believe you should spare her a visit .
there was a rustle and then the slight scent of flowers .
tyrian made a fuss when relm scolded her for letting go of her hand to pick a flower , but quieted when relm followed the scold with a promise to do flower - picking after their visit with terra .
tyrian made a fuss when relm scolded her for letting go of her hand to pick a flower , but quieted when relm followed the scold with a promise to do flower - picking after their visit with terra .
but marias gentle sob at their parting , the tickle of her breath against his face , the fragrance of the flowers of her skin and hair .
faded lava rock filled the otherwise empty flower beds .
foods , flowers , music , actors , movies .
he knew i loved wildflowers and sometimes , on his way home from the base , he d find fields of flowers and pick me a bouquet .
flowers roses specifically , candy , jewelry .
maybe it was an inexpensive piece of jewelry , or some fresh flowers from the garden .
oskar led him through the living room filled with cherry wood furniture , a red marble fireplace , and crystal vases filled with freshly cut flowers through an arched entrance to a dining room that looked similar to the meyers .
most of the furniture had to be moved and put into storage to make room for the masses of white roses and other flowers from friends and family .
although they had a gardener to maintain the large beds of flowers , franz reserved a small piece of land on the outskirts of his property for a vegetable patch , which he tended himself .
she tried to ignore him , focusing on the profusion of potted flowers sitting on a pane of the kitchens one large window .
i also bought you some flowers , he replied , taking two - dozen red roses in a vase out of the pantry , and putting them on the table .
franz stood up , a bouquet of flowers in his hand .
she asked , sniffing the flowers .
she looked at the empty flower box .
almost every day when he returned home , he had a bouquet of flowers .
they had more than enough flowers in their garden , but she did nt complain .
she was watching a bumblebee settle on one of her flowers , when she heard a crashing noise upstairs .
later on , caitlin planted more flowers in the garden while christian played in his sand box .
well , ill buy her some flowers , he thought .
i brought you some flowers , he said gently , handing them to her , to ... well ... apologize .
she took the flowers .
the season 's flowers spilled over every flower bed .
the season 's flowers spilled over every flower bed .
the upper half of the surrounding walls was papered with a continuous tapestry depicting forest sprites and flowers .
the weathers so fine that i m certain a walk to the flower bushes by the river will do you good .
she would nt even go too far , just at the bend where the flower bushes eventually stopped , to be replaced by clumps of whiteweed .
he looked out of the glass doors and saw the path that meandered through the blossoming flower beds .
there were flowers inside and outside the church , colorful balloons , teddy bears , and swim - themed stuff placed near the entrance .
before i went into their house i stopped into a flower shop and bought yhanna white roses .
i choose to hide the flowers behind my back .
i called the flower shops to provide flowers .
i called the flower shops to provide flowers .
i smell different scents of flowers .
actually this is not really a garden , but a meadow i called different shops to put and add flowers on it .
the flower that has a heart shaped dark green leaves on long trailing vines of pure white flowers that exude a georgeousfrangrance and the most beautiful and rare flower in the world the kadupul flower .
the flower that has a heart shaped dark green leaves on long trailing vines of pure white flowers that exude a georgeousfrangrance and the most beautiful and rare flower in the world the kadupul flower .
this is the most expensive kind of flower usually pricesless .
i ca nt believe all of these things she turned me behind and kissed me on my check how did you that i like flowers ?
because whenever i m your house i can see myrtles everywhere and in your garden myrtles , that s the only flower i afford .
now i hold her hands tightly beautiful flowers are everywhere .
we sat on the blanket and we ate together smelling the fumes of flowers around us and we toss a wine together .
i looked around the room and noticed the many flower arrangements that were in the room with me .
there were stuffed animals and what appeared to be cookies made to look like flowers .
i said , pointing to the collection of flowers .
he managed to find a box somewhere to put the vases of flowers and other gifts in .
` ` you would dare throw away flowers personally from liam warren ? ! ''
i just keep staring at the flowers that now take up residence on krista 's desk and just keep getting madder and madder .
` ` oh you know ... i had a break in filming and thought i 'd come and visit these um ... lovely dorms , he smirks looking around the room and frowns seeing the flowers on krista 's side .
` ` i know , i did n't want them ... .and krista , who by the way will be back in like five minutes , is just so ` ` in love '' with you and was just too happy to take the flowers out of my hands .
liam pulls me forward and sits me at the table as he goes around to each bouquet and pulls out a single flower until he 's made his own rainbow of a bouquet .
i take a big breath of the flowers and a tear rolls down my cheek , ` ` i love you too . ''
today , i ' m in charge of calling around for flowers and finding a non - paparazzi photographer . ''
she hands the phone to me and immediately picks up a book all about flower arrangements .
as we all kiss , there are flower petals showered on us from our guests and i laugh grabbing liam 's hand and running down the aisle as much as i can in heels .
i love looking at beautiful plants and flowers , but i know nothing about them .
i nearly forgot , in the excitement , but i bought you flowers .
i permitted one more picture with flowers , and then i gathered my wrap and my purse .
we follow a dirt track winding through the trees , with wild - flowers growing and leaves shading the path .
the landscaping was immaculate , with trimmed bushes , gently swaying trees , and flowers in beds of soft dirt completely devoid of weeds .
we crossed a large patch of perfectly manicured lawn with various well positioned flower beds .
she gestured me to a wood bench next to a small flower display .
i heard a bee buzzing in the distance and smelled fresh flowers in bloom .
as i exited the spiked gate , gladis looked up from a patch of dirt , potted flowers around her .
i hoped no one would catch on that lennie was the large , lumbering of mice and men character that had the strength of three men , but the brains of a flower pot .
my scowl could wilt flowers .
got flowers .
she had seen plenty of those , but the abundance of the intricately laid - out plant and flower beds made the place look like a miniature farm .
she wanted to be picking out flower arrangements and deciding on catering venues , not refuting a lawsuit summons .
melanie noticed with surprise that he carried a small bouquet of flowers in his hand .
i d like to put flowers on my parents and grandparents graves .
i know where the cemetery is , and , the last time i drove by , there was a flower stand near the entrance gate .
before entering the cemetery , buddy and mandy got out at the flower stand .
she knelt down by the graves and tried to remove the containers that would hold the flowers .
mandy separated one bunch of flowers , putting some in each vase .
she placed the tiny flower in her half empty water glass .
i thought these flowers would look pretty in here , especially if you did nt feel like going outside today , he said holding the flowers out towards her .
i thought these flowers would look pretty in here , especially if you did nt feel like going outside today , he said holding the flowers out towards her .
true friends are the beautiful flowers in gods garden of life .
he took her hand in his and handed her the bouquet of flowers .
i knew the flowers would do the trick .
you better remember to bring her flowers frequently .
its not the flowers ; its his strong arms and handsome face that i love , but the flowers are nice , too !
its not the flowers ; its his strong arms and handsome face that i love , but the flowers are nice , too !
the ladies suggested using bouquets of fresh wildflowers , unless mandy had other flowers in mind .
yes , mama , we are going to be the best flower tossers ever for uncle buddy and aunt mandys wedding , she said seriously .
she noticed there was a bouquet of fresh flowers on the dining room table .
melanie brought in fresh flowers from the yard and put some new magazines on the table near the bed .
they kindly welcomed her into their midst , asking few questions and trying to involve her in rotas for flower arranging and visiting the elderly , they suggested she join the british legion , the international club , the bridge club , the drama group , whatever her persuasion there was a club to cater for it .
why do nt you come back later when the flowers have been put in place ?
he had acquired a rose from somewhere , probably one of the flower arrangements and stuck it into his buttonhole .
i d like to look at the flowers .
at the mention of flowers teddy and jenny looked serious .
the verger had placed the flowers on the small grave and they added a flash of colour to the gloomy spot .
they had spent years stripping woodwork , plastering , painting , laying paths , digging out flower beds and she had loved every minute of it .
it fell on the grave stones in the church yard , it ran down the gables and washed the stained glass windows clean , it revived the wilting flowers in their plastic holders and seeped into the holy ground .
she pushed on through the crowded aisles past stalls selling brightly glazed pottery , cut flowers and potted plants , past racks of cheap clothing , stalls with multicoloured cushions and polyester bedding , african traders selling designer sunglasses and fake handbags and numerous craft stalls .
margery was not happy about letting jess run around the garden unsupervised , she was still at the age where digging up the flower beds was de rigueur for her morning exercise and was not averse to jumping in the pond after the goldfish .
maybe it was because of tom and sylvia , so that they would have somewhere to go to mourn their father , place flowers on his grave on fathers day and take their own children to see his final resting place .
she carried a green , metal vase with a pronged base , a bottle of water and a bunch of chrysanthemums , a flower she hoped would resist the elements at this time of year better than most .
i just wanted to bring up some flowers before i left .
margery stood up and brushed the grass from her skirt , she looked briefly at the grave with its fresh flowers then turned and walked away .
the garden itself was enchanting , with deep , green - purple vines covering the red brick walls and snaking around dozens of pots , filled with flowers .
i noticed perennial pink asters and stunning clumps of purple dome asters , but my favorites were the yellow , purple , bronze , and white chrysanthemums , flowers of harvest , flowers of fall .
i noticed perennial pink asters and stunning clumps of purple dome asters , but my favorites were the yellow , purple , bronze , and white chrysanthemums , flowers of harvest , flowers of fall .
barbara shared all this with me as she explained , its important for everyone in the house to know the flowers and to make sure they re watered and cared for correctly .
the flowers were done blooming , and hibernation was setting in there .
she peered through her eyelids at the huge blades of grass , at trumpet flowers that opened and closed their mouths and spoke in vanes voice .
on the mantle , there was a vase full of fresh flowers .
she sighed audibly before moving on to examine a bouquet of fresh flowers on a coffee table that separated two gray linen - covered couches .
it arrived with some flowers .
they were the first gift i 'd received since my arrival at this place my first gift , indeed , since sharon gave me her flowers .
i took her on a secret expedition to pick flowers for her mother .
and then something happened that was so glorious , so utterly wonderful that it was as though my dreams of sharon had suddenly turned real , and the second level was covered with a soft drift of sweet - scented flowers .
what i had seen today was something akin to what i had tried to achieve with sharon , but the lovely flowers i had so prided myself upon seemed like ugly , shapeless masses compared to the sweet flow of pain that he had imparted into the whip .
she was crouched down on the ground , tugging at a flower stubbornly determined to cling to life , and humming a throaty melody that was of her own making .
the bright flowers deserved better treatment today , as did she .
she finally managed to loosen the flower from its roots and scrambled to her feet , holding the flower out to me , dirty roots and all .
she finally managed to loosen the flower from its roots and scrambled to her feet , holding the flower out to me , dirty roots and all .
i took the offering from her and added it to the pile of silken - petalled flowers in the wicker basket i held for her .
` ` i want mommy to see the flowers when she wakes up , '' argued sharon .
` ` would you like to carry the flowers on the way back ? ''
as anyone might have anticipated and indeed , i had anticipated this quite carefully the basket fell , tipping as it turned in the air , and spilling the flowers around her feet .
her body crumpling , falling into the bed of flowers i had prepared for her .
a short table was filled with adorable crockery : dainty teacups , flower etched plates , and a rounded teapot of the same pattern .
this is a girl that deserves flowers and candy and all the good shit i ca nt afford .
it seemed to gracie that all the flowers in idle point found their way to mrs . chase and made the house smell like springtime .
gracie asked gramma del if they could have flowers too but gramma made one of her faces and said she did n't have time for such nonsense .
nobody else 's parents painted hearts and flowers on their car .
` ` we sent flowers , did n't we ? ''
` ` did you get our flowers ? ''
pots of flowers hand - picked from the greenhouse graced the countertops , the table , the refrigerator .
` ` storm told me that flower girls are terribly important . ''
hey , i smile at mrs . anna , holding on to my flowers and the cute little pink bear from holly .
my own were adorned with bangles , a watch , and a jade flower macram bracelet that i d gotten up in chinatown , back when i worked in manhattan .
okay if it smells like rainforest flowers ?
i ve never been to the rainforest , but i m sure the flowers are cool .
the favors for the guests , the flowers on the table , the gifts for the bridesmaids .
he said and i blushed but smiled taking it , knowing he picked it up from the bush of flowers outside the building .
i said with tease , taking a small whiff of the flower and he chuckled settling onto the chair by the bedside .
he said sparing the flower in my hand a look , he s a cool guy but he s quite the ladies man .
i threw the flower into the trash next to the exit .
my mouth dropped as i took in the stunning view , we were up on a hill overlooking a valley covered by perfectly green and lavender colored bushes and flowers .
i do nt think this room can take another bouquet , beth said , as isobel tried to fit another vase of flowers on the crowded bedside table .
erin holliday lifted her head from the flower pot in front of her and looked up at marianne wilson .
erin had a new batch of flowers to replace those that had withered in last weeks sweltering heat wave .
it would never be a lush paradise , being as mostly pine and sturdy flowers and vegetation graced the stone walkways that meandered through more than fifteen acres of land .
in recent years , she reflected with only a trace of regret , professional gardeners tended to the trees and bushes and shrubs and flowers .
i d never realized she enjoyed flowers so much , but i made a mental note to get her lots of them once we had time together .
the flowers reminded me of you , so i sent cason to order them for you .
enjoy the flowers and i hope all your business stuff goes well .
the last of my flowers died today .
the sidewalk was lined with flowers , but only around her doors .
i reach down to pick up the card stuck on the flowers .
men in this day and age do nt usually buy flowers .
at least , they do nt buy me flowers .
i decide the proper thing to do is to call luke and thank him for the flowers .
i got the flowers .
you seem like the kind of girl who pretends you do nt like flowers , but you really love them .
she liked to bring flowers to her patients and make them laugh .
the girls talked for another hour about wedding dresses , colors , and flowers .
she wished she could be there , helping her pick out her dress , looking at flowers .
amber watched as olivia placed flowers on the grave of her child .
holding a bunch of flowers in one hand he suffers my full body appraisal and scratches his forehead self - consciously .
where did you get fresh flowers from at this time of year ?
taking his hand , wait , i wanted to thank you for the flowers and i would love for you to stay .
martin and suzanne reach for the twins as soon as i come in , giving me an opportunity to walk around enjoying the beautiful flowers .
he knelt in the flowers , head bowed , taking in great gasps of air as he recovered .
he was still kneeling in the flowers when sariel came back .
it had been a thousand years but he would never forget the feeling he d experienced kneeling in the bed of flowers in front of the little girl that had shown no fear .
he d remained kneeled in the bed of flowers and said a prayer , one for strength and patience .
in the middle of the foyer was a large round table that had a huge fresh flower arrangement on it .
a thousand years ago i made a crown of flowers for ife , he said , from these very flowers .
i followed his gaze to the white flowers that were growing around our feet .
i d lived a lifetime in wooded areas , but country living had nt taught me a thing about plants and i had no idea the name of flower .
just as i d struggled to see his hands make a delicate crown of flowers i do nt know if i could have pictured the tender touch he offered emily .
her hair , which she always wore in a ponytail , was pulled up in soft waves adorned with flowers .
a spray of beautiful wild flowers bloomed on its headrest as i did .
when lucius placed it on my head , it had been a wreath of flowers ; by the time we made it back to the house it was a single band of gold that matched amaras .
i marveled at the lanterns and lights being set up and the thousands of flowers that were being strung up everywhere in every color until ruth announced it was time to leave .
as we got closer , crowds of people began lining the path throwing flower petals .
woodrow removed the crown of flowers from my head and handed it over my shoulder to my mom .
vibrant orange , yellow and red in the flowers that seem to bloom all over and the stark white of the pedals that carpeted the ground i walked on as people threw them as i made my journey .
lucius touched the crown of flowers on my head before taking my hand , turning it and kissing the inside of my wrist .
i only just thought it could be yesterday when the silly crown turned into a wreath of flowers .
i am not a fragile flower about to be crushed by either of you .
when did the crown of flowers show up ?
lily cheered and kissed my cheek , racing back into the field to find more flowers .
each family member was given the chance to select a flower before they interred the coffin into the grave .
painted a cheery yellow with white shutters and trim , the siren was made picture - perfect with flower boxes added to every window while the sea and sky served as an ever - changing backdrop .
she could even smell the freshness in the air , like some of those flower plug - ins she used to buy for her bathroom .
there were hills covered with wild flowers on either side of the old barn and she watched as a bus and several cars sped past on the road a few yards away .
she looked around frantically for a weapon when she noticed a large flower pot sitting next to her foot .
now , put those flowers away and come eat your breakfast .
in his arms was a bouquet of flowers , and he was dressed in a dark suit and another flamboyant tie .
the fancy restaurant in downtown dallas and the beautiful flowers that must have cost a fortune were signs of a man wanting to show a woman he was interested .
anna quickly finished putting the flowers in the vase , and they left the apartment .
the flowers had been a hit .
when steven had mentioned flowers to victoria , she had dismissed the traditional red roses suggesting something a little more exotic .
for a living , he grows grain that he sells for cattle feed but he loves plants and flowers .
with help from moreno , steven picked the most beautiful flowers he could find .
he was n't a handsome man but oozed a sexuality that drew women like bees to a flower .
he had never received flowers before .
steven searched his kitchen for some type of vase , all the while trying to determine what the flowers could mean .
there were bushes and flowers planted in the middle of the concrete walkway .
she wore flowers in her loose curled hair .
he laughed again , and suddenly i was surrounded by flowers , odd for winter .
wilted bouquets of flowers covered every surface , filling the air with the thick musk of old , dried roses .
inside the house , under the stink of rotting flowers , there was a bitter , musky scent in the air that i could nt place .
distracted by the thoughts of who could be calling me , i missed the cloying scent in my kitchen the faint undercurrent behind all the heavy stink of dried flowers until i was almost upon it .
dead flowers on every inch of table - top .
he sighed as if defeated , but sauntered over to ryders desk instead , presenting her with the flower .
she looked up from her reports , grinned at him , and took the flower with a wink .
the glass flower vase lynna had been holding crashed to the floor with a loud shattering as water quickly covered the front of her dress .
he was nt being gossipy or anything , he assured her , hastening to pick up the flowers and the broken vase before anyone could get cut on one of the shards .
after breakfast i m going to work in my flower garden .
yesterday i was a flower bud all closed up inside and protected by layers of darkness , whereas today i have blossomed and my petals have opened showing the world my gay colors and hidden beauty .
the flowers in the center were closed and she would later learn they opened only after the sun went down .
the flowers were gone .
you brought him flowers , emilia pointed out .
most of our guests do nt care about flowers .
when a woman shows up with a woman , flowers might be a good idea the poor biddys probably been hauled off from the city to a place where the men can fish and the kids can play , and shell get to cook and wash . emilia laughed .
you got flowers , emilia announced .
how s that make you feel , seeing as he brought flowers .
there was one white flower still blooming on the water , and she carefully paddled around it , feeling somehow a bit sorry that it had no friends .
it 's not like being paid to walk the hills alone , like i used to do , watching the sky and being wild as the spring wind when the flowers first come out , but it pays a lot better . ''
just before lonnie moved into high speed , matt reached over and pulled a white water lotus flower from its floating lily pad .
` ` that 's for the flowers you put in my room when i got here , '' he said .
a minute later , while they were making speed down the lake , jenni put the pretty white flower over the side and watched it disappear in the wake behind the boat .
she looked , she decided , like a spring flower .
there were still a few flowers on the water , like the one matt had passed her .
the small , manicured trees and flower gardens could have been cut from a magazine .
the sky was blue , her flowers were in bloom .
she took a deep breath , loving the fragrance of the white evening primrose and lavender planted in her flower beds .
the happy little girl handed abby a flower and offered a big toothy grin .
she was so proud of leah and the success of her flower shop .
leah was a business major , and shed glowingly talk about the flower shop she would own someday .
shed obviously noticed this was nt leahs favorite place and was working on her love of flowers .
not knowing why , abby blurred out , yeah , actually i m helping leah with the flowers for her cousins wedding this weekend , so were putting some things together tonight at her shop to prepare for tomorrow .
she has a flower shop in town ?
for a few seconds , she wondered who he would send flowers to , then she mentally scolded herself .
leah sprayed the flowers shed just arranged with a mister .
the conversation was easy and comfortable during the meal , and while they put the flower arrangements together .
caleb thought he was doing a pretty good job , especially since it was his first time arranging flowers .
passing all the greenery and vibrant flowers , he knocked on her heavy wooden door .
leah appeared from the back , carrying a beautiful arrangement of her favorite flowers .
she was all too familiar with these flowers , thanks to her best girlfriends love for them .
defeated , she looked down at the table behind leah , where a variety of cut flowers laid .
naturally , she knew her best friend had dropped the flowers off .
abby was delighted that leah closed the flower shop early enough to meet them .
the presentation of the kids mission projects was going strong when leah walked into the classroom between flower deliveries and pointed out , this looks like some kind of cult .
madison burst into the room wearing her cream - colored flower girl tutu dress and ballet slippers with a feathery flower clip in her messy up - do .
madison burst into the room wearing her cream - colored flower girl tutu dress and ballet slippers with a feathery flower clip in her messy up - do .
the structure was covered in sheer material , flowers he d recently learned were hydrangeas , and a large chandelier hung in the center .
he could see his sweet girl right behind leah , dropping flower petals and smiling to the crowd as she went .
she was so excited to show off her flower girl dress .
the thing is , i would go back there once a year to honor my father and mother with a bouquet of flowers .
there s a strip mall there nowso it would be very strange if i went there to place flowers on top of a minivan .
kyrah stood and walked listlessly about the garden , and sarah followed her , pointing out the progress of some odd flower growing in the corner .
you want to pick flowers ; the purple flowers .
you want to pick flowers ; the purple flowers .
i saw the for sale sign , the shed , an overgrown flower garden .
the flower garden is wilted and dried .
on the window shelf was a small bunch of flowers sitting in an old jam jar .
so he took the flowers out and threw them away and filled up the dirty looking jam jar with some water from the tap .
fifty feet in front of the church a rusty civil war cannon had been dragged into someones flower bed and left there , its muzzle pointing at the double front doors .
trust the yokels who dragged the cannon into your flower bed and splashed paint on your walls .
there were novels : the prisoner of zenda , choir invisible , tess of the durbervilles , and then she saw that hardingor someonehad pressed flowers in between the pages .
an hour later the captain had their suitcases in hand and was walking down the gangplank , his wife waving goodbye to her dog , her boat and her flowers .
the gardens of the bagatelle had been stripped to provide flowers for the parade ; asters of all colors , jacobs trumpets , roses were scattered in the street .
reporters crowded outside and every couple of minutes flowers arrived from somewhere .
samantha was such a unique flower , so ready to blossom .
scott had arrived shortly after lees call , with a bottle of fine wine for the meal , and a bouquet of flowers for the cook nothing for lewis apart from good advice as he stuck to water throughout the evening .
we should send him something , a wee thank you : a bunch of flowers to his box tonight maybe delivered by one of lees scantily dressed lads .
he made a circuit from one end to the other , taking time to look at the pictures on the wall , the flowers in the little pottery cup , and the jewelry box my mother gave me .
my earlier excitement about going out was history as i pressed myself against the brick wall of a flower shop .
she had a pretty yellow flower tucked behind her ear and wore a sheer peasant top with cut - off jeans .
they stopped off at a petrol station lake - side , and leo zeroed in on the displays of cut flowers , and judy selected some magazines in case his mother decided to share her gallstone misery with her again .
most of the men she met in her shop were either buying flowers in the grip of new love , or buying them out of guilt for reasons she did her best not to speculate on .
the woman was a blur of activity , moving from the scarf to the counter , where she chose a long necklace that had a flattened piece of tin on the end imprinted with overlapping moons , stars , and flowers around the edges , creating a frame around the word imperfect .
blake with the groomsmen , beaming in their tuxedos , and danica alongside the bridesmaids , lined up like brightly colored flowers , beautiful and enticing .
through archways beyond it , mac spied more staff members setting up dining tables draped with white linen cloths in a central courtyard plumed with potted plants and flowers .
epilogue a small flower girl tossed white rose petals down the aisle ahead of her as she strode in perfectly measured steps .
shattered and broken , it searched for a home , that it could not find among the flowers .
ryce 's song went on to describe his doomed search for that perfect flower in a garden .
what he wanted was a flower that was both familiar and strange .
i do n't want a woman who is just a flower among flowers .
i do n't want a woman who is just a flower among flowers .
i need you to realize that in my eyes you are more magnificent than any other flower .
i liked the marys , they did nt attend regular services but they came during the week and prayed and left flowers and a generous offering in the collection plate .
it was a flower ; the head and petals were in my hand , and the stem and leaves were up my arm .
it reminded me that i was a flower , and maybe , just maybe , it was my time to bloom .
the painting was beautiful ; auntie was stunningher long dark brown hair in curls , her eyes gleaming , she was holding a hat and some flowers .
dropping the flowers and box of her favorite chocolates he had gone all the way to rocky bluff for , he turned and made his way down the steps and onto the commons .
she was barefoot , wearing only a thin dress of periwinkle blue flowers and her hands made fists at her sides .
she organized a party of several of the younger adults to come repaint the walls while another group planted flowers around the wide porch .
would you please give her these flowers and let her know that i am thinking of her ?
they hung out in the bookstore for an hour , drinking coffee and sharing ideas for flowers , bridesmaid dresses , and reception food .
please do nt call me , come by , or send flowers .
i told him not to call , come by , or send flowers .
` ` flowers , '' miranda panted as she sat down heavily on the couch .
` ` i told you not to send any more flowers . ''
she waited for a moment then read the reply , ` ` i did n't send flowers .
thankfully , he left pretty quickly after i took the flowers . ''
zach , are you sure you did nt send these flowers when i was in abilene ?
i know that he did not send the flowers that you took into my apartment the other day .
well , my favorite flower is the red tulip .
an unopened toothbrush and toothpaste sit on the counter next to a blow dryer and hairbrush , and the shower is stocked with fekkai shampoo and conditioner and creed spring flowers body wash . that makes the toiletries total well over a hundred dollars .
the way the snake evolves and the flowers sort of burst from the body , i get a fantastic idea for golds , greens , blues , and a fire - orange color for the roses .
gorgeous flower arrangements have arrived weekly since his departure and i throw all of them in the trash without a second glance .
dom has not sent flowers , he s not called , and he has n't made his final appointment for his tattoo .
there was no traffic on the highway , no doors opening or closing in the distance , there were no birds flying overhead or insects buzzing around the plants and flowers .
i have nt seen flowers in a really long time , i whispered , kneeling down in front of them .
i did n't know what he meanti was n't going to plant flowers or anything , not in novemberso i said , ' no , just go right ahead with what you 're doing , and so will i . '
as usual , there were flowers in every room .
only tess could have managed flowers in the adirondacks in january .
hothouse flowers graced several vases , their intoxicating scents permeating the air .
this roomshe indicated the parlorthe glitter , the flowers .
a glove , a pressed flower , or some such nonsense .
i am not a flower .
i have a crescent moon and stars on the small of my back , and a flower on my shoulder .
they interpreted my breed as those who opened doors or bought flowers for the one they love .
she smelled of fresh air , fresh water and fresh flowers .
like planting the last seed of a beautiful flower , i would place this one into their hearts and see it grow .
it was a wednesday , i loved wednesdays : sitting on soft green grass , not too far from flowers of different colors .
it was here were all dead flowers rose and my heart inscribed her name .
a low bouquet of fresh flowers ( the special of the week from the grocery rearranged in one of my own cut glass bowls ) provided a centerpiece .
looked pretty good for sale - of - the - week flowers from the grocery .
i never brought my mother flowers except maybe for mothers day or her birthday .
we were nt a flower exchanging family .
i did nt ask her about the new flowers figuring i d get no answer .
so when steven and i broke for lunch and you did n't show , i figured you 'd found a flower or a boulder or a grassy knoll or something else to draw .
he did like flowers and dresses , as long as they were on someone else .
it was nt uncommon to come home from a trip to flowers or my favorite chocolate croissant from the coffee shop down the street .
scribbled lyrics , observations and musings were framed with doodles of flowers and vines , butterflies and ladybugsevidence of her mind when it was unleashed and unshackled .
renata held the flowers outa mix of red roses , white daisies and sprigs of lavenderand katja accepted them with a shaky hand .
they were lovely , and the gesture was sweet , but could her objective to end things with micah be swayed by a collection of flowers ?
inside , she set the flowers on the table and went to micahs room to change out of her black and white uniform .
it was nt just the flowers that had made her waver in her decision to leave , but micahs note .
and he d brought her flowers .
they engaged in polite banter while gabriele put her flowers in a vase .
the iron frame of the screen crumpled under her feet and thorny branches scratched her arms as she pushed through the foliage behind the flower beds .
i would wake up and find myself surrounded by flowers .
eugenia inhaled , enjoying the heady potpourri of fragrances conspiring , along with the colorful patchwork of wild summer flowers growing roadside , to overwhelm her .
better than any flower .
i brought her something every day , sometimes flowers , sometimes a book , and i even tried my hand at a love letter .
` ` they 'll probably have to bring everything indoors , which is too bad because nora has such beautiful flower gardens .
i ' m really not a flower kind of guy . ''
tiernan rambled on , talking of his father 's unrelenting work ethic , whether his mother was finally going to succeed in setting up his older brother with a bride of her choice , and how much furniture he 'd be roped into moving for his mother , who would no doubt be in a state due to the snow in her prized flower gardens .
the late morning sun angled across the yard , casting small shadows on decorative trees and precious bushes and flowers mantled by a foot and a half of white .
the slight breeze tousled his dark hair , and even in his sunday best he looked out of place on the genteel back porch full of wicker furniture and floral cushions and potted flowers blooming through the cold .
i found a large stone near the river with a hollow in the top and crushed the flowers with a smaller stone i d found .
while he stalked toward me , i reached down for the rock i d used to pummel the flower and flung it at him .
i d wanted a father , dreamed of it but , fathers were nt like flowers , you could nt just plant a seed and grow one .
every level surface in the room held vases sprouting fat bouquets of pale pink roses and white lilies and half a dozen other flowers i d never even seen and the air carried their sweet scents .
a woman and a man stood far apart in a meadow filled with flowers , seemingly unaware of one another and each looking haunted and lost as an angel hovered above each one .
i followed the flowing waterways that wound through the massive flowers and shrubs .
who sent my girl flowers ?
joni had her back to him as she arranged the flowers on the table .
` ` you could send flowers . ''
jackie would n't want flowers as an apology , but she 'd love this .
we have to stop off at three different flower shops until mom finds the right bouquet , one that truly captures my dads essence.as if his corpse cares what the damn flowers look like .
we have to stop off at three different flower shops until mom finds the right bouquet , one that truly captures my dads essence.as if his corpse cares what the damn flowers look like .
my mom places the flowers on his grave , bows her head , and whispers a few words .
by the time they walked up the gangway to the c deck companionway , two fresh flowers in her hand , lizzie felt very relieved .
i am used to having to do things for myself , and it is such a gift having a man treating me as a rare flower in need of care .
lizzie , you are a rare flower , and i am delighted to have the opportunity to care for you , if only for a few short hours until other single gentlemen pick up your scent , as it were .
eilish took a quick smell of the flower she had been handed at the start of the gangway .
she could nt remember reading anywhere that flowers had been given out on this maiden voyage ; it was a little detail that seemed like a glaring omission .
in every hand there was a flower , and many passengers were throwing their blossoms overboard to the docks below , hoping those they left behind would catch them .
did you see all those flowers the passengers had ?
i wonder how many friends caught their flowers when they threw them .
as he opened his stateroom door , he noticed that his steward , a slim , upright gent with a neat moustache called hughes , was placing a large vase of flowers on the table in the centre of the room .
they supplied all the passengers with a flower each to throw to those on the dock as we left the quay .
and at the very centre of his maelstrom was a fragile , young flower he had no idea how to care for .
and for that kind of perfection he needed wedding vows , flowers and a real bed to lay her on ; not a hurried coupling on a narrow bunk between shifts in the restaurant .
she could smell the flowers on the air , wafts of rose , jasmine and fuchsia blending together in a bouquet of sensory delight .
she was then naked , except for the stretch shorts they all wore as underwear and the crown of flowers on her head .
on the porch , a dozen roses sat in a vase , and the rumbling of an engine drew my attention to a we do flowers van driving away .
i picked up the vase , sniffing the fragrant flowers .
a spot for flowers , vegetables , a generous lawn ... an ideal space for kids .
that included giving the place visual appeal with flowers and tending to the tiny potted garden shed introduced to the center .
i remember you brought us our first pot of flowers at the youth center .
across the street , a flower shop sat sandwiched between a gift store and an ice cream parlor .
maddy missed having a place to grow plants and flowers , to customize her own style and preference .
he d brought her flowers for the balcony of her tiny apartment and watched her plant them the same day .
he pushed away from the door and strolled casually to meet her by the flowers .
the flowers look nice .
the flower pots , save for a wilting plant in the corner , were empty .
two other patrons lined up behind him and he realized he should nt have brought flowers to her work .
her eyes strayed to the flowers and she tilted her head in question .
he slid the flowers over and enjoyed the sweetness of surprise and wonder on her face .
i meant to say thank you first , and then ask why you went out of your way to bring me flowers .
nice flowers , he commented , gesturing to the daisies .
a guy brings a girl flowers , there s not much left to interpret .
he moved away from the register , paused , examined the flowers a moment .
and a tell - tale sign of what those flowers are really about .
maddy carried the flowers in her lap as they pulled away from serendipity .
chapter 12 riley realized when he got to moores antiques that he should have brought flowers for grace , too .
` ` i ' m not a delicate little flower , clint .
mabel 's potted flowers , and the swing - hammock , were no longer visible .
the ranch house had been decorated with every kind of flower imaginable .
he drew her to him as her fingers stroked the flowers between them .
shutters hung askew and balconies sagged , but flowers exploded with color from every flower bed , giving it a welcoming charm .
shutters hung askew and balconies sagged , but flowers exploded with color from every flower bed , giving it a welcoming charm .
where colorful flowers had bloomed on sidewalks , now weeds grew and the buildings lay abandoned , their bright pastel paints chipped and fading .
behind huge guarded walls sat white mansions surrounded by acres of lawn and well - kept flower gardens .
red rose bushes bloomed in a garden turned wild , weeds choking the flower beds .
thousands of flowers grew between the trash and decay .
his mother watched him from under her hat as she knelt by the flower bed , pulling weeds with her gloved hands .
flowers decorated the verandah and a swing made from an old tire swung wildly under a tree as children spun it out into the air .
she wiped the dirt clean with her foot then drew a picture of a house with a tree and flowers .
she threw up into the flower bed , her head spinning .
there were no flowers in their drawings .
so she used the neglected crayons and drew pictures of flowers .
you know we have nt had an elephant come down from the bamboo forests in twenty - five years , and two months ago one was eating my flowers and you know , i let it .
it was a picture of the children standing in a garden surrounded by flowers .
they had smiles on their faces and flowers in their hair .
* * * carlas house was the yellow cottage with white shutters surrounded by flowers .
the garden always had flowers .
max strolled up the stairs and collapsed in the shade next to the flower pots filled with pink geraniums .
she would replant the garden with flowers and she would buy some horses .
she preferred to stand , looking out over the garden at the newly planted flower beds , the freshly turned earth a dark brown against the new green of the small plants .
she had spent a week on the garden , planting the flowers herself .
she placed the flowers under the words .
she had nt been able to resist buying the plants when she passed them on the sidewalk outside the flower shop next door to her office .
do i need a reason to buy you flowers ?
hands cradling the pot , anya said , its not flowers one side of his lips lifted and christophe let his brows do that climbing thing again .
patty , her breasts spilling out of a too - small dress , handed out bouquets of flowers and single roses .
chapter twelve nick took me upstairs to a romantic suite with flowers submerged in water - filled crystal vases with tea lights floating on the surfaces .
then again , chris had been my only boyfriend , and he had nt been the candles and flowers kind of guy .
ty walked to the gravestone and laid wilted flowers on the ground that he and jenny had picked .
jenny picked wild flowers during the stroll and when they arrived , laid a bouquet beside each stone .
i drove to the local greenhouse and picked out any and all flowers that called to mei did nt hold back .
i got out a shovel and chose a spot for the new flower garden .
rhea opened her palm , showing a perfectly formed flower in her hand .
athena , just let her play with the flowers , artemis snapped at her , going back to flipping through the pages of her grandmothers book of shadows .
she was an old hippy lady by which i do nt mean she had big , old , fat bee - hind , but that she was still walking around in sandals and flower dress and a one of those woven floppy bags over her shoulder you know , 30 years later and a continent away from where shed gone to sand francisco and put that first flower in her hair .
she was an old hippy lady by which i do nt mean she had big , old , fat bee - hind , but that she was still walking around in sandals and flower dress and a one of those woven floppy bags over her shoulder you know , 30 years later and a continent away from where shed gone to sand francisco and put that first flower in her hair .
and i do nt mean wanted him like in a romantic way , flowers and hearts , but wanted him , if you know what i mean .
emily liked looking out on it when the flowers were in bloom , but she had wondered why lucinda owned it .
the woman seemed disappointed , but all she said as emily handed her a couple of dollars was , enjoy your flowers .
when they got inside , she put the flowers on the hall table , inhaling their scent and thinking how much she should appreciate a man who sent flowers .
when they got inside , she put the flowers on the hall table , inhaling their scent and thinking how much she should appreciate a man who sent flowers .
these are way better than stinky flowers , she called back over her shoulder .
kelly could nt help but reach up and touch a flower as they ascended the steps .
there were flowers everywhere and a trellis with roses .
you smell like flowers .
i ve hopped into bed with you so i must be laying here dreaming of white dresses and pink flowers ?
the not - yet landscaped grounds were a tangle of long grass , summer flowers , and old trees .
brent and a blonde - haired woman fought for the rifle , but the killer held on to it all the while chanting , ` ` lillie is my flower , my lady , my love .
lillie is my flower , my lady , my love .
lillie is my flower , my lady , my love . ''
` ` we 're finally going to be together , my flower . ''
` ` we 'll be together , my flower , '' he moaned .
friday was a vase of blue and yellow irises with a card that read : i tried to find a flower that was as beautiful as the stunning blue of your eyes , but there was nt anything that came close to their beauty .
he could bring flowers , open a bottle of wine on the patio under the stars , and tell her how he felt .
she also carried a sketchbook filled with drawingsmag cooking , the old house in its frame of flowers with two shadowy figures sitting on the porch , the apple tree in the backyard with an old - fashioned wooden swing hanging from one of the branches .
unlike most quilt patterns , with their careful geometric arrangements and often conservative color choices , these pieces glowed like a drift of flowers .
he knew women thought they were the romantic ones , and it was probably true not many men cared about flowers , candlelight , and the other trappings that spelled romance for most women .
the narrow bed with its white coverlet , the straight - backed chair , the fresh flowers in the vase on the simple deska stem of chrysanthemums signaling autumn was on the way .
in winter , flowers would be replaced by sprigs of ivy or holly , and her sitting here , waiting through that season until daffodils , the first heralds of spring , appeared .
she turned to look over the campus , noticing for the first time that the grass surrounding the two dormitories and the fine arts building was dry and overgrown and the flower beds were filled with weeds .
further inside , in another carpeted area , there is a large dining table , with a vase of beautifully arranged flowers sitting on top of the gleaming wood surface .
the rooms ceiling was papered with a completely different pattern of flowers than that of the walls .
we headed outside and looked at the barn and other outbuildings as well as the area that had once contained a flower and vegetable garden .
i turned to a photo of my great - grandfather henry mills sitting on a whitewashed wooden bench in the midst of abundant flowers .
thinking about myself in the dream , i remembered i also held a white flower in my hands , which were resting in my lap , but they were nt my hands .
he had presented me with a gentle kiss and a small clump of flowers during a walk about the yard .
i was holding the flowers when the photograph was taken .
thing wasthey were not in the original photograph , but when i woke up in the present and pulled out my albums of photographs , there was the photocomplete with flowers !
i had a single photograph of her , a lock of her blonde hair , a bit of ivory lace from her casket shroud , and pressed flowers from her funeral in my possession , which i had received from a distant relative of the andersens a few years ago .
the work he had done on my house had been exquisite , but thisit was obvious that he had lovingly restored every detail , even the flower beds , the stone walkway , the ornate victorian porches , and the picket fencing .
the dressers and bed in oak with mahogany inlay contrasted and complemented the light hardwood floor and woven area rug of muted flowers in browns , peaches , and greens .
where ever they wandered and what ever they bought , they always came home with bouquets of colorful , fresh flowers for the apartment .
the scratchy voice yelled back : flower delivery !
very few of these ledges had flowers .
the rider i stepped in front of decided to bring me flowers ?
i busied myself putting the flowers i d brought back with me in vases , unpacked the things the girls had brought to the hospital for me and then settled onto the sofa with a mug of coffee .
i liked the one with the flower pattern better though .
she knows about the flower curtains ?
a terrible war whence we once met spilling blood of the friends we knew in houses torn apart by hate , i loved you then sailed to france to the court of louis , mirrored opulence where i served you flowers placed in tin - glazed pots holland , we shared the scent rich and adored we were with tulips blue most men would die for a bloom so rare , some did but nothing compared to venice where we lived on the streets penniless , aching for some stale bread or soup a crust , i found , i gave to you of all the lifetimes we met and loved , the stars stood still the world spun around and revolved at speed each time we died and never wanted to leave floating in the ether our souls still touch to be incarnate again will allow our arms to meet so , until the next time , think and pray my love william obrien 2014 the heart wish by kristina blasen thanksgiving ( us ) you re here .
fitting because shed loved it so when i stood just like this waiting for her , arms full of red and hot pink roses at the airport , feeling a matching hot pink blush on my cheeks as all the women smiled at me and all the men looked ashamed they had nt brought flowers but her smile and her kisses were worth it .
` ` tomorrow wear that new little red top with the flowers on the collar that i gave you .
you are distracted , '' she said pointedly as they spread flower petals and poured wine at the blessed feet of athena 's great stone likeness .
` ` i am sure it is nothing , '' medusa replied , busying herself with arranging flowers in the vase before her .
the flowers did not turn to stone at her gaze .
medusa coiled herself upon a low broken pillar in the midst of her flowers to gaze at the moon .
medusa looked to the flowers of her garden .
the parking lot was overrun with dried grass and wild flowers .
he had to watch her softly caressing the flowers or standing in the rain as it molded her wet clothes to her body .
but flowers are differentthey are alive !
i was so distracted by the flowers that i had not noticed the quiet footsteps of house slippers on hardwood .
i smell his familiar fatherly cologne , mingling with the flowers all around us .
a gigantic arrangement of summer flowers sat on the table next to a picnic basket and an extra - large latte from the boston cafe shed fallen in love with .
she leaned toward the flowers and took in a deep breath .
as he went deeper into the hospital the pleasant smell of flowers he had noticed in the lobby disappeared .
the room lacked flowers , photographs , and any sort of knickknack beyond severely practical ones .
until then ... anna appeared at the door , carrying the stolen coat and a brown straw hat with faded cloth flowers pinned to the band .
despite the scenic route which delighted the senses with the fragrance of spring from the budding dogwoods and flowers , it was taxing on both sarah and rose .
spring finally arrived as the snows melted and the early flowers bloomed , but there was still no word from toby or the captain and mae was becoming anxious .
neat little houses with gabled roofs and flower - filled gardens .
do you think flowers will make up for making me suffer for almost two years ?
while turning over the soil and weeding what was to become rows and rows of orderly flower beds , he kept up a constant , never nagging stream of conversation which was purely centered on their efforts and his plans for the land they were working on .
when she walked back to their patch of land , michael was spreading a sheet on the grass next to the future flower beds .
its exactly what i feel like when i deal with flowers or gardening , he said quietly , seriously .
almost all of them were brightly colored , big close - ups of flowers and plants with vivid details that made the artwork come to life .
she joined him on the balcony , taking a moment to admire all the flowers there , not knowing a single one by name , and the view she had of the hills and fields stretching out , the house standing at the border of the village and being higher than the few buildings next to it .
what this flower would smell like when she crushed it and rubbed it unto her skin .
i can just about imagine you in gauzy , loose clothes and diaphanous wings with flowers in your hair and bare feet , dancing lithely through the fields and making lone wanderers fall head over heels in love with you .
what drew her eyes more than the splashes of color depicting flowers in the top row were the many pencil sketches that took up the most space on the poster .
nadia had found one beautiful porcelain doll wearing a wedding dress complete with an elaborate white veil , a glittering tiara and a tiny bouquet with cream - colored cloth flowers .
his gaze returned to her , his face already closing in on itself again , step by step like a flower folding its petals after dusk .
i reached down for the flowers and the card neatly wrapped inside .
he handed me a crumpled flower , a rose , and placed it in my hand .
he took graces hand and led her to the trail that went toward the massive flower gardens .
the pond was lit up like the flower path and the ducks swam among the swans on top of the still , green water .
but for now , she enjoyed the smell of the grass growing , the flowers blooming , and the sight of the cherry trees that were planted around the small cemetery .
he 'd been looking forward to helping her plant a new flower garden near the back of the house .
now who was she going to plant flowers with ?
after dropping off his stuff , he hopped back into his truck and looked down at the flowers next to him .
he parked next to lauren 's truck , got out , and carried the flowers with him .
his fingers tightened around the flower stems and before he knew it , he was across the barn .
her eyes went to the flowers he was holding by his side upside down .
she nodded towards the flowers he 'd forgotten he was holding .
she smiled , then put the flowers up to her nose and inhaled .
still think you can buy me off with flowers , i see .
she smiled and pulled the flowers up to her face .
she took the flowers when he handed them to her and smelled the sweet scents .
does a man need a reason to give his wife flowers ?
there were small yellow pillows on the bright blue couches , a vase of flowers sitting on the coffee table , and there was even a small , white lace doily sitting underneath the vase .
the next day she would get some flowers and he 'd come by and they 'd make up .
she turned her head on the pillow and rubbed her cheek against the fabric that had the faint scent of flowers from the lotion she had applied earlier .
baltimore was bustling all the time she wanted to slow down , think and smell a few flowers sage , maybe sarah took the brochure into her bedroom and laid it on her nightstand .
instead , he saw a girl lying in the flowers with her cowboy hat over her face , arms comfortably at her sides .
hey hey yourself thanks for the flowers .
a mans never given you flowers before ?
wait a minute first , i want to know why he never gave you flowers .
passing through fields of fragrant flowers that bore the same scent as the girl he loved but was forced to leave had been more challenging than he d imagined .
they would run and frolic in the warm sunshine of early spring chasing butterflies or picking flowers .
gabriel noticed that each lawn they passed had been mowed , flower beds were meticulously upheld , and shrub shapes were maintained .
they did , in fact , take a slight turn for the better when dottie surprised her with a beautiful dried flower arrangement that she had made .
how he had asked her to marry him friday night with flowers , candy , and on bended knee .
shell have a room for her flower arranging things , and ill have an office , he explained .
the beautiful gift of your pure flower .
my flower ?
the author can be reached at : www.alexiapraks.com published worldwide by prachan press table of contents prologue : the throwaway child chapter 1 : sakura , the lonely flower chapter 2 : sebastian princeton , prince of hearts chapter 3 : darcy princeton , prince of darkness chapter 4 : coffee and cherry blossoms chapter 5 : hide and seek chapter 6 : princeton brothers and the wood nymph chapter 7 : elusive dream chapter 8 : awakening of the past chapter 9 : birthday party and champagne chapter 10 : confrontation chapter 11 : remembrance of the past chapter 12 : mono no aware chapter 13 : cake flavor ?
you are like the sakura flower that blooms vibrantly in spring , just like this spring , so lovely and full of life and color .
* * * * * chapter 1 : sakura , the lonely flower sakura princeton stroked the strands of her long tresses away from her face .
then a gust of wind swirled past , releasing a myriad of flowers from the trees , petals raining down on the car , some landing on the windscreen .
he asked , snapping the flowers from the long , thick branches .
then he inserted the flower on the side of her left ear .
its a japanese flower and you ca nt eat it anyway .
not good with flowers .
flowers are nt my thing either , darcy said , frowning darkly .
i m good with flowers , tristan said happily .
it was beautiful , in the shape of the cherry blossom flower .
he especially loved the flower arrangement sitting to the side , magnolia and cherry blossoms .
this must be heaven , she thought and spread her arms to catch the flowers .
her long hair was formed into a classic bun on top of her head with a bunch of flowers on the left side near her ear .
maybe it was the occasional flower on my desk or the longing smile on his face .
as it happened , mrs . hamilton found dennis one day idly weeding a flower bed in need of attention , something he enjoyed doing .
the flower beds were beautiful , along with a manicured lawn all edged neatly and a deep green throughout .
i wanted so much for this relationship to blossom into a beautiful flower , but more than that , i wanted to know that whatever developed , it was not because of need but because of want .
ryan was allowed to sit at the planning table as though he knew what he was doing , while in reality he had little knowledge about the flower arrangements having to match the color pattern selected and things like that .
now , this does nt change anything for the wedding does it , like color of clothes or flowers or something ?
rounding the corner , he found fernando sitting on a camp stool almost in a flower bed adjacent to the nearby kitchen door , with a smoke cloud coming apparently from the ground .
their minimal luggage was portered to the top floor , the penthouse , converted for the moment into the bridal suite by changing to mostly white dcor , with plenty of flowers .
as she ran around the clearing picking all of the pretty flowers she could find , a boy a little older than her came running across the clearing , plowing through the flowers and trampling all over them .
as she ran around the clearing picking all of the pretty flowers she could find , a boy a little older than her came running across the clearing , plowing through the flowers and trampling all over them .
she called out as they walked the three feet over to where she was sitting on the low wall surrounding a flower bed in front of the school .
tracy asked leaning back with her palms in the dirt of the flower bed .
you made me so mad stomping on all of those pretty flowers .
you were murdering those poor flowers that did nothing to you but look pretty .
letting go of her fathers arm , she moved over to what shed always thought of as their bench and sat down , looking around at all of the beautiful flowers they were surrounded by as she waited for marcus to come and sit down next to her .
when max spent too much time sniffing a flower , i gave him a gentle tug .
maybe we could make amends and take some flowers back without crossing the line .
i mean ... grandma refuses to let me go anywhere without one of you , and there 's nothing but fences and pale flowers inside the gates .
she reminded sophie of a wilting flower , all of her energy drained out by the darkness surrounding them .
she sat and doodled flowers all over her notebook .
instead , a flower garden cropped up on her paper .
she was like the flower she was named for .
their heads turned automatically , like a flower turns to the sun .
the deck fell away to a backyard of rich , green grass , and beyond the fence lay acres of wild grass and flowers .
nice flowers , he commented , looking at a bouquet of red roses on the table .
when she s not working on her craft or following the lives of five adult children , marys digging in the dirt with her flowers and herbs , cooking , reading , walking her rescue lab mix , cooper , or on the perfect day , riding off into the sunset with her very own hero husband on his ultra limited aka harley .
i 'd had good intentions , but i do n't think the flowers i got her to lay on the gravesite helpedno , there was no doubt something changed and i guess it was completely understandable , i could n't imagine what it must have felt like .
` ` i ' m fine jasonas a matter of fact , i was thinking about planting some flowers along the tree line out back before the game . ''
` ` tell you what , how about you buy the flowers today and i 'll help you tomorrowsaturday 's supposed to be warmer . ''
` ` make sure you take a key , i think i 'll stop and get the flowers after the game . ''
` ` i ' m going to run and get the flowers , you want me to stop and get something for dinner ? ''
` ` you find the kind of flowers you were looking for ? ''
sure i was tired , but true to her word mom was up early and we spent the better part of the day planting flowers .
i convinced mom to let me cleanup after lunch , so she could water the newly planted flowers .
mom was still sprinkling the flowers when i came down and headed for the jeep .
with flowers sprinkled here and there , and in no special order or design , the colorful design added to the vintage charm .
he laughed , i never thought of cloves as flowers .
i tried a flower , but thought that was too clich , and since you looked lost , this was my first attempt at making the planet earth .
so much better than a flower .
i really should have , abby looked around and saw kids and adults wearing balloon hats , fighting with swords , or carrying flowers around .
she smiled , she remembered carrie practicing how to sign when she was little , and how her first signatures had a flower or heart over the i .
tom looked over to his son , did you know that cloves are flowers ?
it was 11:45 , and there stood tom with a bouquet of flowers hiding his face .
he came out from behind the flowers and asked , are you really going to make me do that ?
i do nt think my heart could handle any more perfection , he said as he walked in , put the flowers down , closed the door behind him , and swooped her in his arms for a kiss .
she looked at the balloons and flowers she had been using as a shield , although they obviously did nt hide her well , and she rolled her eyes .
tom looked up and saw two balloons that said over the hill , and a whole bunch of flowers .
abby looked out from behind the flowers and saw that he was smiling .
is there a note with the flowers ?
tom laughed at her , i would like to say its self - explanatory , but years from now , if we re - tell the story , saying that wo nt sound as good as this , he told her and went down on one knee , abby clove - like the flower - i would be honored if you stopped being stubborn , and got it in that thick head of yours , that i am madly , crazy , and insanely in love with you .
victorian flower girl ?
` ` hearts and flowers .
someone who can manage to grow a few flowers out there . ''
he took my arm just above the elbow and steered me onto a terrace overlooking the water where tables were laid with flowers and candles and menus .
another building was belong to the building , what looked even more strange , because that offsated that it was old before it , that there was perfectly mowed grass in front of the building , the elegant benches , the strange but nice flowers and the modern and pretty sidewalk .
there was a way between them , what was lined by flowers , and there was the registrar in its end , she was standing behind a white talbe .
the ghird white door looked out on a spare room with light brown , shining floor , with a yellow carpet in the middle of this , with two - orange - covered beds , where were two orange pillowes what were leanded against the wall , there was a yellow bedside table between these , with two drawers and with a cabinet under these , and its handles had the same colour , and there was a flower on it , in a pot .
she stopped midsentence in her description of all the flowers she was going to plant and looked questioningly at him .
her flowers needed watering and the porch had leaves and debris blown across it .
as if it were a rare flower , miles fingered the book and slowly flipped through the pages .
she was still holding the money , he was still holding the flower , and they both chuckled .
` ` your flower , mademoiselle , '' he offered the wrapped rose .
holding a large bouquet of ruby red , blush pink and yellow gladiolas and roses showed some innovation so she let him inside as she thanked him for the flowers and put them in one of her father 's newest line of creations : the whimsical elongated cat shaped vase with the tail now sprouting the bountiful array of springtime flowers .
holding a large bouquet of ruby red , blush pink and yellow gladiolas and roses showed some innovation so she let him inside as she thanked him for the flowers and put them in one of her father 's newest line of creations : the whimsical elongated cat shaped vase with the tail now sprouting the bountiful array of springtime flowers .
have not brought me a bouquet of fragrant flowers ?
so ill take appropriate advantage of the opportunity that is before me today by asking you a maybe not quite so usual but still sort - of christmas seasonal appropriate question : what kind of flowers do you like ?
so those are some things for you to think about : music and flowers and maybe what i d write you if i put a note in your locker today .
its not just that you re more beautiful than a moonlit night in the summer or that the flowers of spring hide their faces in shame whenever your splendor outshines them as you come their way or that the very sun itself in all its rays of glory can not compare to the human star that you are its not these things alone .
on her desk was a flower arrangement .
maddies eyes came to rest , again , upon the flowers and her face softened .
i guess i was a bit of a late - blooming flower child .
she brought flowers , and jack stood back while she knelt and placed the small bouquet .
butterflies , flowers , books .
complementing the house were manicured lawns , flower beds and a waterfall pond , complete with walking bridge .
i get dressed after deciding on a beautiful white and green flower patterned dress with matching belt and white wedges .
i cover my trousers with the flowers in my hand .
i see you bought me flowers ?
elise pulls out body paint and decides to draw art work on each of us , typical flowers , butterflies , superman and spider - man stuff .
buy the girl some flowers .
a real flowers in the attic sort of thing .
terror flower a novel by thomas hollyday terror flower by thomas hollyday , copyright thomas hollyday 2012 all rights reserved .
bring a vase of flowers and a six - pack instead . ''
i need someone to help me pick out flowers , sample cakes , and persuade my mom to let someone else do the catering .
okay , i m a little broke and flowers are really expensive , he laughs in mock defense .
not after he made the effort to at least look for some nice flowers for me .
there s greenery and flowers wound through it .
the many flower boxes were currently empty since it was already mid - fall .
rosalie would usually take edgar outside the hospital to enjoy the front lawn so that he could gaze at the flowers there .
dr . cole strolled over to his desk , opened a drawer , and took out a purple makeup bag with yellow flowers on it .
rosalie finally found an isolated spot on a cobbled street next to a lamppost with a hanging flower plant .
even now , at blakes funeral , brody was dressed in a black hawaiian shirt with white flowers on it , a pair of black shorts and black sandals .
he had the kind of beauty a wilting flower has .
the first coaster had a flower pattern on it , the second a skull , the third a skull with a princess crown on it and the last one had the design of a flower with a skull in its center .
the first coaster had a flower pattern on it , the second a skull , the third a skull with a princess crown on it and the last one had the design of a flower with a skull in its center .
the young ladies were wearing long flower print dresses , had long , wavy , black hair and they were all wearing feathered and sequined masks on their faces as if they were going to go to a masquerade .
seated upon the furniture were several young women dressed in flower print dresses that had long black hair and that were wearing feathered masks on their faces .
her exotic dark - brown eyes were drawn next to the bouquet of flowers that were in his hands .
at first she had thought they were silk flowers but upon closer inspection she found that they were indeed real and very fragrant .
carrie looked down at the flowers in confusion and awe .
my grandfather used to grow grapes there , but for the past few decades , dad has leased it out to a flower grower .
he actually brought me a few flowers but then he tripped on my welcome map by the door .
the flowers flew out of his hand and went everywhere .
melissa smiled as she picked a few flowers .
we need strength to paddle scotts mood was brightened just eating companionably with a pretty girl in the sunshine , and by a beautiful , old historic building with flowers everywhere .
her body opened to him like a flower and he wanted to touch every inch .
thank you what is it about flowers that makes everything better ?
the florist will be by about noon to put out the flower arrangements and the caterer comes at four .
unbelievably , the peacocks seemed to enjoy human company and did their best to get in everyones way melissa met the florist and was busy assisting her with the flower arrangements .
debra had chosen happy , colorful flowers to place here and there , as well as on the outside tables .
the florist and melissa had also gotten creative with various glass vases , small boxes and even a few wineglasses , so beautiful flowers seem to peek out from everywhere .
scott went into the kitchen to get a beer , where he belatedly saw the pretty table melissa had set with flowers , tablecloth and candles .
give her a few days to cool off and then send some flowers .
you look great shed brought flowers for him .
as she ran some water in a vase and arranged the flowers for him , walt narrowed his eyes at her .
he smelled like pollinated flowers and a weird odor i adored .
she smelled of lavender and jessamine , flowers she planted with ease .
more a gift than all the flowers bloomin today , would nt you say ?
i hated it , except when the writer talked about smells and sights of flowers and spring and family members .
would he bring the same flowers ?
i reminded myself to bring flowers for her stone the next day .
i laid the bouquet of flowers on patseys tombstone , which was simple .
all human life on the earth is like grass , and all human glory is like a flower in a field .
are you going to stomp on that flower growing inside of our own baby , rodney ?
the swing swung , the bees flapped their buzzing wings , and the smell of flowers filled my nostrils .
i looked up , realizing how intense the smell of the blooming flowers was .
i know it may come across as weird , but she was sleeping with ryan , he bitterly coughed , the pollen from the flowers landing on his shirt in specks .
will you rise above the ground like a blooming flower , or wilt with the pain of the world ?
i went into the bathroom , placed a flower headband in my cropped amber hair , and applied fresh makeup .
he tasted faintly of my mothers lasagna , water , and flowers .
like a wilting flower .
after the little flower girl , charlotte , walked down the aisle , her brother teetered down the aisle with the rings .
duke and i danced a lot , until he asked the little flower girl , charlotte , for a twirl , and i returned to sit by julian .
she tossed the flowers , and guess who caught the bouquet ?
i took the flowers in his hand .
he walked in and took the flowers out of her hands , laying them on the little table by the door .
then i noticed the water from the shower splitting around her , forming little hearts and flowers that floated to the tub before dispersing and vanishing down the drain .
jim pulled the car to a halt and cut the engine as they both looked at the little single level cottage with its front door framing flower beds and level to the ground entrance .
we can send a bushel of flowers .
bring her a pack of flower seeds .
flower seeds ?
when they came up to his house , his mother was watering her makeshift flower garden with a rusted , robins egg , watering can .
she 's there in the center , with the flowers , '' he said pointing at the wall .
i could n't even afford to buy her flowers , and every dancer should have someone who hands her flowers .
i could n't even afford to buy her flowers , and every dancer should have someone who hands her flowers .
i wanted to be the guy that gave flowers and held open doors .
there were no shredded clothes on the couch , no bouquet of flowers scattered on the floor , no smashed sheetrock , and no caroline .
she told me he had shoved her and she tripped over the flower pot on the porch .
she pulled a cart full of fresh flowers from the closet .
` ` i figured you 'd be stuck in bed for a while and nothing would please you more than your favorite flowers surrounding this beautiful picture of you and your sweetie .
i ' m completely sane and did n't believe it at first either , but those flowers just proved everything i doubted . ''
joan , on the other hand , hated pink , hated skirts , and hated anything with flowers on it .
did nt you know you re supposed to take it easy on delicate flowers ?
delicate flower ?
you re no delicate flower .
she was wearing a mid - drift shirt that showed off her flat stomach and bellybutton ring ( even though it was much too cold out to be wearing a shirt like that ) and a long , flowing , flower print skirt .
jeanne had taken advantage of his lowered guard and attacked him those centuries ago in that field of flowers .
i found you in that field of flowers .
i mean , hey , were here on a planet that s traveling at like ten thousand miles per hour , we ve got oceans and flowers and puppies and everything , and were alive .
my fabulous new pair of grass green flats with the cute flower cut - outs .
thank you , i said , taking the flowers and inhaling their heavy scent .
stepping past me , gavin set the vase on the dresser and took the bouquet from me to set the flowers in a simple arrangement that coordinated perfectly with the room .
the ivory flower matched my dress perfectly .
but perhaps a flower is a perfect match .
camilla fingered the petals of the flower one at a time and said , no , papa .
tabitha felt the burn of a blush and realized she must be turning as pink as the long ago filched flowers .
it was the flowers , not the bearer that had caught her attention : a cluster of colorful blossoms , casually arranged , and they reminded her of the time she and richard had gathered a similar bouquet .
we sought a flower in every color and i treasure that bouquet to this day .
it was as springlike as the flowers just arrived from the braemoor succession houses .
rising , thank you for the best lunch i have had in a long time and thank you for the flowers , they are lovely .
i am shocked that he could get flowers here so quickly , but am relieved that i have nt alienated him to the point where i would lose his assistance .
jonathan surprises me with flowers before we go .
i m not sure how she did it , but the second the blue cloth was coming at her , she somehow stopped her dream and left a picture in her mind of the flowers at the lake .
he raced back to the rover and returned with a bouquet of flowers .
he handed the flowers to elizabeth and then walked over to the sofa across the roomwhere we 'd left off last night .
she wanted me to thank you for the flowers , they were so sweet of you . ''
jeeva , open patio doors , he said , and all of a sudden the clicking sound of a lock was heard and the windowed walls slid open , revealing the balcony that had two lounge chairs , a hot tub , and what looked like garden squares with growing flowers and small shrubs in them .
valerias hand was firm but the softness of her skin reminded him of a soft flower petal .
` ` this may sound hokeyremember i teach literaturebut to me teaching is like a walking on a pathway strewn with flowers .
absolutely , he said , kissing her hands again , his eyes suddenly landing on the only other ring she wore , a simple gold one with an emblem of a flower on its front .
she abruptly pulled her hand away , leaving him with the sensation of soft flower petals on his skin .
i come all this way to give you flowers for no particular occasionjust to tell you i love you and this is the thanks i get .
was that you re fiance earlierthe guy with the flowers ?
i m surprised you saw him with the flowers .
wild flowers are actually my favorite .
he had never been able to give kate flowers .
i love all flowers , she blurted .
it was much easier than sitting next to her where his nose would fill with the perfume she always used of simple flowers , and her intense proximity would compel him into a battle of trying to avoid touching her .
never having been there , she did nt know what to expect , but it seemed nice enough with its spacious flower gardens and white stucco walls .
when a waiter approached them , lorenzo asked to sit outsidenext to the flower gardens .
i ve got this ring , she said , pointing at the delicate gold ring engraved with a flower .
you ve been feeling so bad that i came during lunch and put some flowers in vases all over the house , he explained , embarrassed .
the aromatic perfume of the flowers he frequently filled the house with wafted in her nose .
her room glowed with bright and vivid colors of the dozens of flowers in it .
before the blonde could do further damage to her eardrums and before her hot temper exploded like a boiling kettle , she threw the bouquet in hunters face , grabbed both their towels , one in each hand , and yanked them off their bodies , exposing his and her anatomies to the black cat sitting on the fence , birds in the trees , the bees sucking nectar from flowers on the porch , and whoever happened to glimpse them at that moment .
and god did answer her prayer because right there in front of her was that casanova she had delivered the flowers to on the day before valentines .
* * * through the restaurant window , clarice stared at the young man sitting near the large flower arrangement , twisting a pink rose in his hand .
not to mention yanking off my towel when you delivered those flowers .
hunter perked up like a dying flower after it is watered .
wracking his brain for a simple explanation , he just could nt come up with any as he watched her once again flee down the stairs with her hair tossing behind her , just like the very first time she had fled from him when shed delivered those flowers to his townhouse the day before valentines .
i accidently delivered flowers to his house .
clarice intercepted hunter just in time before he started opening his big mouth and spouting out more lies about how she was delivering those flowers just to confess her undying love for him .
she was like a dead flower that had been revived by water just by having winton and anton staring at her .
* * * the fresh flowers on my desk were a nice surprise and a good sign that he was n't going to brush me off at the office .
roses and other summer flowers bloomed in the garden beds , their bright colors offering inspiration to the artists .
* * * flowers arrived on my doorstep before i left for work the following morning .
there are immaculately trimmed trees and shrubbery , several flower beds , and a large koi pond filled with fish .
he seems to have a thing for pictures of flowers , which should n't be so surprising , considering how romantic he is .
three small cottages rimmed the perimeter of a spacious back yard of manicured lawn and flower beds .
ours held a vase of fresh flowers and a set of red candles in a silver sconce on the table .
in my dream we were on the beach and i was wearing a white dress and flowers in my hair .
i stood nervously at the altar that was made of flowers and seashells .
i glanced again along the aisle made of flower petals .
she was wearing an off - white sundress with a wreath of beautiful flowers in her pretty dark hair that hung in curls to her shoulders .
nibbling on the backing of my lip ring stud , i restlessly straightened the stars flower arrangement on her dresser .
now , they ve got you prepping the girls flowers .
these should be your flowers .
the fact of the matter is these are not my flowers .
they are never going to be my flowers , so there s no point in talking like they will be .
she took a pink flower from julies arrangement and tucked it into the brown curls of my bun .
she wore a soft pink flower in her hair .
i presented her the crushed flower .
i decided mamas picture needed to go right next to the card that came with the flowers , which was already tucked into the mirror .
and did you get my sisters flowers ?
my parents gave it to me because amaranths were my mothers favorite flowers .
inside , there was a folded card decorated with pictures of flowers , butterflies and hearts drawn with a childs hand .
harleigh is this delicate little flower that i must protect from everything .
tess is reading a book , flower - power number two has her ear buds in , and in the middle , flower - power number one pain - in - the - asss head is slumped forward , bobbing around with the movement of the vehicle .
tess is reading a book , flower - power number two has her ear buds in , and in the middle , flower - power number one pain - in - the - asss head is slumped forward , bobbing around with the movement of the vehicle .
it could be drugged with opium flower , he says , giving the cup to the woman .
she wished for higher heels instead of the pale pink ballet slippers shed put on with her flower print dress .
but today , she was sweet , soft curls and lush curves in a flower print dress which nipped in at her waist and showed off the gentle swell of her breasts .
she could see her sisters touch everywhere from the hand - painted chair and the bookshelf filled with books to the pretty comforter covered with appliqud flowers .
autumn loaded abby down with the flowers and lightest grocery bags and picked up the rest herself .
summer took the flowers and squeezed her little girl .
she set the grocery bags on the table and started to put the cold things in the refrigerator while summer got a vase for the flowers .
he could still see her impossibly blue eyes and remember the way she smelled flowers and something warmer , spicier .
she looked at him with the same expression shed used when he and adam ran through her flower beds as boys , knocking down her prize daylilies .
the slightly sweet musty smell of old flowers and too much perfume immediately took her back to childhood and sitting next to gran on sunday mornings .
i ended up making mostly flowers , which i could only assume was my subconscious mind trying to brighten my mood .
surprisingly , as we went along decorating the flowers , his did nt look like a five - year - old was the mastermind behind the decorating , as i expected .
why do nt we keep the flower theme going and head over to the botanical gardens ?
opening my eyes , i looked to my own greenhouse of flowers with a big bouquet of purple daisies as the centerpiece .
you d be right about the flowers .
after the wedding the flowers were taken to the crypt and put on melvyns mothers coffin .
granny plucked a flower from the vase and stuck it behind her ear .
the light vanilla flavor of the wine complimented the perfume - like smell of the flowers .
she wore jeans that showed off a figure no mother of five grown daughters ought to still have , and a denim blouse with flowers embroidered at the shoulders .
i m tired , and my back is killing me , and i keep getting horrible leg cramps that make me want to claw the flowers off the wallpaper , but i am not the least bit miserable .
why , there s the dress , the church , flowers and foodand here we are standing around !
and get this , mrs . mackensie and the ladies auxiliary volunteered to see to it the flowers arrived and take care of the decorations .
vidalia went to the dresser , pulling open the top drawer , and hauling out an oversized flannel nightgown with pink flowers all over it .
she bought cute little outfits for the twins and some fresh flowers for the dining - room table .
she gave the idea of flowers some serious consideration , but then decided against it .
but yes , she was familiar with flowers .
the budgets were nt always honest about those particular flowers .
shed never been openly rude to a client or a neighbor , never stolen so much as a flower from someone elses garden , never cheated on him or spent too much of his money or kicked a dog or slapped a child .
yes , do that , and ill send flowers , so she knows this is okay .
there was something so poignant about the fact that annette still kept fresh flowers beside her daughters picture after all this time , and the photo itself was poignant , too .
it might be the first time they wore a tuxedo or a long gown , the first time the girls had their hair professionally styled , the first time the boys were willing to put a flower in their buttonhole .
memories appeared in regions forgotten - in the back yard throwing the ball , spring flowers , grass .
she s wearing pants , jean - like pants with flowers !
flowers and plants everywhere .
he leans closer to the glass to get a better look at the pattern of flowers , but he loses the abaya in the glass and instead sees himself , both his brown eyes , staring back at him .
taking her niece trick or treating on halloween might sound like fun until she factored in the fact she had two early november weddings to coordinate flowers for , orders to get to the funeral home by tomorrow , and at least a two dozen arrangements to prepare for thanksgiving season parties .
she loves flowers .
to receive a free book as a gift , sign up for lorettas mailing list today : subscribe from my rotting body , flowers shall grow and i am in them and that is eternity .
a large fountain sat along one wall where a table with four chairs sat surrounded by a lush garden of vines and flowers and a small vegetable garden off to the right .
phones , robots , josh even has a talking flower pot he made as a joke .
she thought a flower pot talking back to her was too creepy .
within nine months they said their vows amid aunt maggies mammoth flower arrangements , which had required the sequestration of all the yellow roses and daisies in the entire county of hertfordshire .
i m not a delicate flower , you know .
reese and me got to be flower girls .
faded paper cut - outs from old christmas cards were taped to the doorway along with a few crocheted poinsettia flowers .
they wandered through the gravestones , some decorated with flags , others plain , and a few lucky ones decorated with flowers .
i was envisaging a central water feature , hedges , flower beds for colour and seating so that your guests can be out of the wind on a breezy day , but again those things would be better served within the shelter of the walled garden .
there would be shingle - paved paths where they were needed for winter access and mown grass for the rest to keep a softer serene green feel to the space with some beds filled with flowers for cutting or drying for potpourri and others grown for seasonal colour .
the sweet scent from a honeysuckle growing up a trellis behind a flower bed of blooms diffused into the night air .
as they passed the flower - seller , he stopped briefly to choose bunches of varicoloured garden - grown roses , the first for his mother , he explained as he offered the second to darcy .
they might not last as long as the long - stemmed flowers that a florist would sell , she knew , but the perfume more than made up for their shorter life expectancy .
the room closest to and directly in front of peppermint cottage would be predominantly a flower garden with wide perennial beds to either side of a fleur - de - lis based central feature .
darcy could envisage a lawn , flower beds and trees for children to play in , a large cherry tree with a swing , perhaps , on one sturdy bough and to possibly provide a home for the red squirrels to scamper up and store food in .
sometime later , they left darcy with a pretty bouquet of fresh roses gifted from the flower seller in her basket and a take - home bottle of cider tucked under gabriels arm from the cider vendor .
other titles by irene davidson flowers in the morning , ( book 1 in the white briars series ) free download from smashwords leaf on a breeze , ( book 2 in the white briars series ) available early , 2015 connect with irene davidson friend me on facebook website : http : //leafonabreeze.com smashwords interview : https : //www.smashwords.com / interview / aoaks smashwords profile page : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / aoaks a sample of irenes next title : leaf on a breeze ( book 2 in the white briars series ) leaflets five , let them thrive !
especially not flowers , sara could nt help but say this , her tone still a little surly .
i like these flowers , he indicated the spray of white roses and pale blue hydrangea in the centre of the table , i d swipe them to take for liana tomorrow but you said last night she does nt like flowers .
i like these flowers , he indicated the spray of white roses and pale blue hydrangea in the centre of the table , i d swipe them to take for liana tomorrow but you said last night she does nt like flowers .
you will not take the flowers !
i did them myself , and what s more , i did nt say that liana dislikes flowers , just that she has no need of anyone to take any for her .
but i thought all women needed flowers !
but the flowers and breakfast were an extra touch , i explained , noticing she was in one of my t - shirts .
we walked into the restaurant hand in hand , and were greeted by owner , who walked us back to the patio decorated with flowers all around .
ever since phoenix , he d been trying to swoon me and buy me flowers practically every day .
while we were waiting , i had him run some searches on the ghost orchid flower , so i could find out where it grew and any other characteristics that could be interesting .
you guys are so not helping my delicate flower image , i said as rick and i stood up , calling a truce for the moment .
judging by the talk of how rare the flower was , i decided they were speaking of the eurasian ghost orchid .
* * * a flower , lass ?
a sad - looking little man sat in a doorway , trying to peddle a few wilted flowers .
or those little wilted flowers that the peddler had offered to her yesterday .
life is just stressful right now , and helping to pick out dresses and flowers did nt make things easier .
i saw arrangements of roses , daisies , lilies , and that about did it for my knowledge of flowers .
most of the scenery was still dead because it was winter , but i could imagine the flowers and the wildlife everywhere .
i sat her down on one of the ledges where the plants and flowers were planted in front of the convention hall .
mrs . johnson , my elderly neighbor , was out weeding her flower garden .
he handed me the flowers , and i signed a delivery slip .
i had never had anyone buy me flowers before , let alone have them delivered .
mrs . johnson was out watering her flowers .
a normal mortal would ve picked up a cake and a few bouquets of flowers and called it good .
the flower garden had died from lack of care .
as it was , the flower garden she was allowed to water died never to return .
once she was on the other side of the dance floor , she held her bouquet , which was made up of purple flowers and white gardenias in her two hands , and prepared to toss it .
it was like watching female rugby except that the bouquet of flowers was the football .
issy grabbed the bouquet of flowers and pulled with all her might .
the dress was mostly a chocolate and burgundy color , but was accented by swatches of a flower print fabric .
he drove his corvette to a flower shop to get rachel some flowers before he went to pick her up at her place .
he drove his corvette to a flower shop to get rachel some flowers before he went to pick her up at her place .
he entered the shop and began to look around at all of the flowers that were available to put in arrangements .
together they chose the flowers to make a beautiful bouquet for rachel that consisted of white and pink stargazer lilies .
tristan handed her the flowers he d kept hidden behind his back .
rachel took the bouquet of flowers and her lips twitched as she stared down at them for a moment .
no ones ever gotten me flowers before .
she was wearing a black silk blouse , a black leather jacket with a faux fur collar , a knee - length skirt that had an art deco flower print pattern on it , and a pair of black ankle boots .
they dismounted a block away , made their way to the shop , and peered inside the front window to see tristan purchasing a bouquet of flowers .
when the time came for tristan to pay for the flowers instead of handing the floral designer his credit card or cash he handed her several boxes of chocolates .
tristan got into his corvette and set the bouquet of flowers down on the passengers seat .
tristan said as he set the flowers down on her grave .
i scoured the garden for wild flowers and managed to come up with a few .
there is a small lawn edged with flower beds which leads around the side of the house , to the slope above the river .
i know a few of my friends from u.c.d who got married , and before the wedding the guys were bringing them out to eat , buying them little things and always giving them flowers for valentines day .
who puts the flowers on the altar , summer and winter ?
i could take the daffodils home with me after the flowers were spent , and plant them in the ground , which is why he said , i bought them !
ill come up with a few cuttings and ill pick up those flower seeds you wanted .
he was walking around stiffly looking at the flowers which had not been there when he went into hospital a few weeks previously .
he paused by the flower beds and studied them for a while and then he went to the north east side of the house , to look at his old love , the sea .
i had a notebook with me for collecting and pressing the assortment of wild flowers .
only for the multitude of flowers that had pushed their way through the soil since we had left , i might have convinced myself that we in fact had nt left !
he had his wife , his house , his flowers .
what i found impressing was the huge pot with flowers that angelica probably kept inside the house to protect them from the heat .
my eyes mist as i see them place my favorite flowers in the lake and whisper into the wind as they float away .
going over to stroke the canvass , i can see william before the lake sketching it as the children lay flowers in the water .
when spring finally came and the ground thawed and the first flower buds climbed from the ground , all hopes - and eyes - were back on anna .
dried bunches of herbs and flowers hung from the ceiling behind it , and shelves cluttered with glass jars of every shape and color adorned the wall .
i myself used to pen poems about these very same subjects the flowers , that is .
then i smelled the flowers and realized that she allowed her guilt to drive her to ghenna .
why would you think it was important to risk your life for something as stupid as flowers ?
i do nt need or want flowers .
i ve told her a million times that i was nt even impressed with flowers .
i am slaugh ; i did nt get impressed with flowers , chocolates or jewels .
how dare she assume that because she did nt like slaugh traditions that i would just make do with flowers .
no more flowers !
contents prologue first time asthma layla seven more minutes phone call decision rooks nest paperwork makeup restaurant taking her home doubts the flower market mr . birch prison first kiss rumbled stabbed gone tracey fizz club beaten old geezer hard sell his place richmond bens girl independence charity dinner baby weekend in the country bens room fatherly advice dinner gong trust cheating pleasure honolulu no return the meeting birch boys jimmy gunshot get a room waking up ambulance bad news dirty work confusion last straw epilogue read more by cody young prologue two young doctors breezed through the waiting room like rising stars from the screen actors guild .
do i get her some flowers or something ?
and finally , in a small shaky tone , she said , the flower market .
the flower market .
i d love to see the flower market .
he did nt have any idea where the flower market was , but that was no obstacle .
were going to the flower market .
the flower market it was misty at quarter past eight at the columbia road flower market .
the flower market it was misty at quarter past eight at the columbia road flower market .
the street was full of flowers and the scent of them brought a freshness to the air , a burst of the dewy countryside , that you do nt normally get in central london .
each side of the street was banked with flowers and the growers were still bringing out more to fill the spaces .
lavender blue and pale pink and every other colour that flowers come in .
he kept stealing looks though , while her mind was on the flowers .
you can see why they call them dragon flowers , ca nt you ?
let me try , he said , and she held the flower up while he made the dragons mouth open once or twice .
he breathed and the early morning air was full of the scent of flowers .
you can get anything you want here every flower you can think of , do nt matter if its out of season .
some bloke buying me flowers .
oh layla , you are the sweetest flower here .
rich fella like that and he wo nt buy you some flowers .
after they had wandered through the flowers for a couple of hours he asked her , shall we look for somewhere that serves pancakes ?
sid and bevs grill and a place called the lotus flower , which was a rather exotic name for a pancake place , but maybe it turned itself into a bar at night .
so they talked and eventually , she relaxed enough to show him an old photo of herself taken here at the flower market about a million years ago .
and she was surrounded by flowers .
mr . birch mr birch liked a morning stroll in the flower markets .
he liked to admire the girls who went there you saw a special type of girl at the flower markets fresh and pretty as unbruised cherry blossom .
even if shed given her lotus flower to the stockbroker , it was still worth making some enquiries .
he took me to the flower market the other day .
and like the flower market , richmond park was a rare slice of the english countryside right there in the middle of the city .
he d announced that they were a couple after one trip to the flower market , a pancake and a prison visiting hour ?
the flower market , where her father used to take her .
the flower market was too close to home .
the flower market was a place of clear and present danger .
ben reflected on how well his sisters advice had worked , and he resolved to keep it up with slavish dedication the trip to the flower markets had been a great success , and the prison visit had got him that sensational kiss the details of which he d replayed in his head , over and over and over .
she had no clue what he liked to eat they d only had two meals together and they had been chicken at the restaurant and pancakes at the flower market .
so when she saw the card in the window of the flower shop , inviting her to apply within she almost walked on .
layla could name just about any flower , so that was nt hard .
i grew up near the columbia road flower market .
it was a real job in a lovely place where she could look at flowers all day long and did nt have to take her knickers off .
some days she worked in the flower shop , other days she walked in the park .
a small ceramic sign on the door said ruths room with tiny flowers painted underneath the words .
layla smiled and walked over to the dolls house an impressive three storey mansion in painted plywood , with balconies and painted flowers around the door .
i m at the flower shop all day saturday .
she loved the life here the flower shop , the flat , the comfy bed and the sofa , the afternoon walks in richmond park .
a flower girl , from bethnal green .
he wanted to sit and gaze at her while she told him about scented roses , camellias and giant peony flowers , cupping her hands to show him how big they were and raising them to her face like they were real and she could breathe in the sweetness of them .
i had a flower stall .
young and lovely as a just - opened flower , and hopelessly in love with his son .
i painted them myself earlier in the day and had even pasted little sticky flowers i had bought from target a few days before .
i was smiling and full of anticipation with a small bouquet of flowers for him .
she laid flowers on major williams bed table then patted his swollen left hand .
like a shy schoolgirl , she removed the flowers from the table and laid them on his chest .
he would send flowers .
she guessed maggie was at church so planned to pick up a card , flowers and go to her condo .
someone from a local flower shop had called cheyenne asking for help with marketing her flower shop .
someone from a local flower shop had called cheyenne asking for help with marketing her flower shop .
do you like the little flowers on my toes ?
she had a tiny white flower painted on the ring fingers of each hand .
next , she placed small floral centerpieces donated by sokies flower shop .
his gaze drifteduntil it locked onto the delicate , yellow flowers his mom had planted just a few days before .
i thanked him , but later gave the flowers to a co - worker of mine to bring to her ailing grandmother .
you 'd make a lovely flower girl .
the passageways smelled like fading flowers , disinfectant and trays of uneaten breakfast .
you treat her as if she 's a hothouse flower , needing your tender care , and you expect me to be understanding of that , as though i ' m more durable , more capable , or more stupid ! ''
oh , and the flowers should be arriving just shortly .
the weather was beautiful and the air smelled like the flowers that bloomed in the gardens not far away .
kira did nt expect flowers and a box of chocolates from blain , but she never imagined he d reveal the disturbing way in which jeremy had gambled with her heart .
knowing that i preferred knives to flowers did nt impress me much , because it was a well - known fact and he d already admitted to watching years of my life .
he d taken her to a field filled with flowers .
her eyes had softened to liquid onyx as shed watched the flowers in wonder and he d fallen more deeply than he d ever dreamed possible .
she knew there was probably a much better time and way to thank beth , but after the experience they d just endured , she seriously doubted flowers or a fruit basket would be appropriate .
and the passion flower was nt an exclusive club unless the balding , paunchy , middle - aged lowlifes out front counted as elite clientele .
she cut herbs and flowers from her garden , and she shopped in strange places , slipping behind red gates adorned with ornate gold symbols .
jesse was astonished by the transformation , and he felt tremendous gratitude , and he rushed out to buy ruby some flowers that same afternoon .
he saw ruby gasp as he held the bunch out towards her , and he blushed suddenly and profoundly , until he was nearly the same colour as the flowers .
jesse said he was not much good at presents , and ruby said : perhaps just some more flowers , until you find more inspiration .
but i would not trade , not for all the flowers in the world .
jesse handed the flowers to ruby , and when she was up getting a vase to contain them he opened the little book he had given her .
` ` i could stop those flowers from pulling water up from their roots .
it was pink plastic , and had flowers on the side , which just seemed ... wrong for a potion .
then i could show you my favorite flower that i found . ''
` ` ooh , i love flowers . ''
after the long winter it was nice to see color on the trees again and flowers blooming with their scent of new life .
setting the flowers down on her desk , she took out the card , opening it quickly .
` ` thank you for such a wonderful day and thanks again for the flowers , it was very thoughtful , '' ava said softly .
` ` wow , i should get you flowers more often . ''
flowers now bordered the sidewalk and ava recalled tessa talking about the new flowers .
flowers now bordered the sidewalk and ava recalled tessa talking about the new flowers .
through the open window above the sink she could see her neighbor pulling weeds in her flower bed .
looking down at the flower she had just traced around the ` ` i '' in the child 's name , she decided it was time to put all these thoughts into action .
as he crossed the room , he mentally crushed some of the most fragrant flowers in the massive floral arrangements scattered about the vast suite .
bellmen were going through training in front of them , while gardeners put the finishing touches on the flower bed framing the crescent - shaped driveway .
there was always a vase of flowers or a potted plant on the table .
miss queenie was totally resplendent at the wedding in a dark pink brocade dress that she had last worn thirty - five years ago , and with a matching hat with flowers round the brim .
she got a plain straw hat and put navy and white silk flowers on the brim .
one request , that his own ten - year - old daughter , maria rosa , be one of the flower girls was refused point - blank .
he heard from his daughter that monica had married again , a gentle guy called harvey who ran a flower shop .
she was now in her early forties - a handsome woman absorbed in her teaching , equally at ease in the flower shop with her mother and harvey , or having drinks with her father in the top hollywood hotels .
as they walked through the old plantations in jamaica , or sat among the exotic flowers in barbados , they congratulated themselves on the good fortune they had happened upon .
as they sat one summer 's evening on the garden seat that had been theirs because they had matched twelve garden flowers with the months in which they bloomed , and drank from waterford glass tumblers that had come from the competition to write an ode to crystal , the walls congratulated themselves on their twenty - five years of happy marriage .
there were no plants or flowers in miss howe 's office , so irene had introduced a little kalanchoe in a brass pot .
most of the small front gardens were well kept , many with window boxes and colourful flower beds .
the boys were going to have a flower bed each .
the new bookshelves were filled but with spaces for ornaments and little flower pots .
there were no formal flower beds , no lawns , no cultivated patios or terraces ; instead it was a mass of bushes and brambles ready to trip the unwary in the dark .
miss duffy was surprised to see the great bunch of very expensive flowers that had been delivered .
the only person that ever sent flowers to miss duffy was her sister , and she was more of a potted violet sort of person .
she admired the flowers once more .
when she was separating the long roses from the green ferns to arrange them better , she found the card that had come with the flowers .
she looked like a colourful flower in the middle of it all , lane thought .
' did you like my flowers ? '
she 'd had to call aaa and ended up waiting nearly an hour until they showed up ; and by the time she got back to her apartment , the streets had been roped off for the flower festival that weekend and she 'd had to park three blocks away .
the flower festival was in full swing , and maureen had wanted to spend the day browsing among the booths and in the antique stores along middle street .
she arranged the flowers in the vase , one by one .
we lived in a suburb just outside baltimore in the most typical of houses - four bedrooms , two bathrooms , complete with a porch , flower garden , and a white picket fence .
set against the small marble marker there was a batch of flowers , dried and withered , as if they 'd been placed there a few weeks back .
but there were always flowers here , no matter when he seemed to visit .
it bothered me for a reason i could n't quite explain , and that was where i set the flowers .
and always , i brought flowers .
he 'd seen the blanket , he 'd seen flowers at the grave every time he 'd gone ...
nor had he lied about the blanket or the flowers or how sorry he 'd been .
fresh flowers , propped against the headstone .
he did n't want to think about blankets or flowers or a bend in the road that had started it all .
i bent over and propped the flowers against the granite , making sure not to touch the stone .
* * * ` ` flowers , '' miles said .
` ` she does n't need flowers anymore , '' miles said .
` ` you bring flowers , but you do n't even know who she was , do you ? ''
and this man is putting the wrong flowers on my wife 's grave . ''
as she reached out to touch the vase , wanting to feel the etching of the flowers , stefania spoke from behind her .
he made a sweeping bow and dropped the flowers on the floor .
there were flowers in the room .
she lay in her hospital bed and began thinking how she had always wanted a flower garden but had never been able to have one , and presto , all of a sudden she was feeling sorry for herself and sitting there like an idiot with tears rolling down her face .
` ` a beautiful bouquet of flowers just arrived for you , '' she said .
` ` why else would he send flowers ? ''
` ` if for nothing more than to thank him for the flowers . ''
i ' m calling to thank you for the flowers . ''
three ` ` you mean you do n't know anything about these flowers ? ''
` ` your sister - the one who wrote the letters - is the same one who sent the flowers ? ''
it would ' ve ended there if not for the flowers . ''
` ` we would n't have seen each other again if it was n't for the flowers your sister sent me .
` ` better than the flowers i sent . ''
robin bought a loaf of fresh sourdough bread and a small bouquet of spring flowers .
jeff raced down the sidewalk while cole and robin stood at the end of the pier , the bread and flowers at their feet .
there were vast stretches of grass , perfectly cut , and flowers blooming everywhere .
there came the gentle music of a harpsichord , and as it did , more flowers were strewn along the aisle , and the royal procession began to walk down , couples arm in arm .
all the flowers dried up to crisps , and , to his horror , one building after the next crumbled , until the entire kingdom was nothing but desolation , heaps of rubble and stone .
grey 's eyes were fixed on charlie 's hand , the small dwarf hand curled against its larger fellow , looking as though charlie held a strange flower cupped in his palm .
a sudden stop allowed her to come up behind leonie , who had paused by a flower stall , fingering a bunch of white roses .
in that short period of time , jamie had already pinned on the flower .
though my father would take me with him when he put flowers on her grave , i never had any feelings associated with her .
her slender fingers touched the petals of a flower .
he usually had a fresh bouquet of flowers or a snickers - her favorite candy bar .
the house was a ranch with peeling paint and half - dead flowers in the garden .
i have n't gotten my flower fix today . ''
` ` you 'll get your own flowers someday , '' she said , a twinkle in her eyes .
' i tried to forget , but you grew roots around my ribcage , and sprouted flowers just below my collarbones . ' ''
the colors were striking and lush , and they were easily one of my favorite flowers .
right away i noticed that one of the flowers had lost nearly all of its petals - only one clung on for dear life .
but before i did , i was going to march straight into mrs . jackson 's room to show her that i finally got my flowers , and then tease her about showing up mr . jackson 's bouquet today .
i gripped the flower vase so it would n't slip through my fingers and crash into a million little shards .
i hastily placed the flowers on the desk and headed toward her room .
i gathered my flowers and coat and walked home in a numb fog .
i never responded to his flowers and note .
` ` bennett , i wanted to call you , tell you those flowers were amazing , and invite you over . ''
he had n't told me he loved me since that note with the flowers .
now flowers .
she wanted to put down deep roots and flower , with a heart full of trust for the man she loved .
he had just enough time to walk home , clean all the fast - food wrappers and soda cans out of the hearse , take a shower , buy some flowers from the white hen , and pick up marie .
the scent of flowers , violets he guessed , hung in the air .
she weeded the front flower beds and was watering the bright red geraniums with her hose when daisy walked out of her town house in a pair of shorts and a mariners t - shirt .
` ` could be 'cause you 're nearly drowning those poor flowers .
the flowers , their color , the way they fight through the cold and stand proudly against the hillside as if to say they ' ve accomplished something important , '' lesley said as they climbed up the steep path .
` ` the flowers respond the way most of us do , do n't you think ? ''
as if she were a dying flower that needed only a tiny taste of water to lend it the strength to reach again for the sun .
she is floating in a sea of gray and black ... there is the smell of something ... flowers ... a music she can almost recognize .
she pulled up an image of mikaela - twenty - one years old , bright brown eyes , flowing black hair , a vibrant flower in a hot , desolate farming town where migrant workers lived eight to a room in shacks without indoor plumbing .
girls like her landed in hollyweird every day , butterflies in search of fame 's golden flower .
jacey removed the flower and slipped the elastic band on her wrist .
julian had planted the seed of her , but he had n't chosen to nurture it ; he could never have helped her grow into the vibrant , beautiful flower he now held in his arms .
the cross blurred in front of her ; the silk flowers on the altar became a smear of faded colors .
the woman must spend every available minute maintaining those flower beds . ''
she 'd stood in one place for so long she feared she 'd rooted there like the flower garden she so carefully tended .
getting those flowers to appear had n't been an easy trick .
the flowers were supposed to be a sign of hope .
i do so love flowers . ''
` ` if you insist , buy me one of those small trees the grocery store sells in the flower pots .
` ` i see you got my flowers , '' he said .
a pair of sterling - silver candlesticks decorated with bayberry - scented candles and a bowl of fresh flowers sat proudly in the center .
the aisles between the vendors ' stalls were crowded with customers buying seafood , vegetables and flowers , both fresh and dried .
sixteen the caterer 's staff delivered dinner and skillfully set the dining room table in his condo , adding candles and flowers to create a romantic mood .
he planned to arrive early enough to have his selection of fresh flowers , too .
it was in a flower pot and it was decorated with tiny glass balls .
and i 'll be holding flowers , lots and lots of flowers .
and i 'll be holding flowers , lots and lots of flowers .
some kind of flower . ''
` ` what type of flowers does your mother like best ? ''
feeling bold and dangerous , i plucked a petal from one of the carnations and breathed in its scent , pretending fascination with the flower .
afterward , i dried my hair , brushed my teeth and dressed in my new black pants with ivy and flowers sewn in the seam and a matching blouse .
he brought me flowers yesterday and we spent a romantic evening together , dinner , wine , the works . ''
before the conversation delved into any talk of rings , flowers or babies , i hurriedly changed the subject .
this morning i reserved the church , paid for the flowers and all that crap .
` ` i 'll probably pick the petals off flowers while i pine away for you . ''
he wondered whether he should swing by and pick up a bouquet of flowers for lexie , finally deciding he should .
he grabbed the flowers and headed between the buildings , thinking he 'd surprise her , but as he rounded the corner , he came to an abrupt halt .
he 'd even buy her another bouquet of flowers , and he spent the next twenty minutes on the internet , trying to figure out a good place to go .
i 'll cover the picnic tables that morning , the florist will put some flowers out , and the photographer is good to go . ''
rachel was already tearing up , clutching the flowers in her hand as if she would never let them go .
` ` because you forgot to bring flowers . ''
in the past , when he brought her here they always brought flowers .
` ` can we see if the flowers are still there ? ''
he could see the names james and claire ; beside them was the name lexie marsh and the flowers they 'd placed in front of the grave on the day before christmas .
` ` we shall have to send out invitations immediately , '' she gushed between mention of a possible ice sculpture and her thoughts regarding the flower arrangements that would have to be ordered .
he had plans to make now - plans involving a proper social call to mr . chilcott and flowers to ... miss chilcott ?
it was more convenient anyway , since he intended to bring flowers with him , and flowers always looked better when one arrived on foot than on horseback .
it was more convenient anyway , since he intended to bring flowers with him , and flowers always looked better when one arrived on foot than on horseback .
especially since he did n't wish to embarrass anyone , and he had to admit that arriving at the chilcotts ' front door with flowers for miss chilcott when mr . roberts was in attendance would be humiliating for everyone , not to mention exceptionally badly done .
keeping her back rigid , she raised her chin before saying , ` ` if that is all , i have some flowers that i must deliver to my aunt , and if it 's not too much trouble , i should like to ask that you refrain from contacting me again .
` ` if you 'll be so kind as to put these flowers in water , i 'll go on through to the parlor and have a word with the chilcotts . ''
and then their moment of privacy was gone and they were being ushered inside for tea while lady margaret prattled on about how happy she was for her daughter and how they must sit down together with anthony 's mother and discuss the wedding gown , the flowers and whatever else would be required to make the big day perfect .
disengaging herself from their arms , she crouched down and began collecting the flowers while both men watched .
he brought flowers , as you can see - a lovely bouquet that i believe will look splendid on that little round table in my bedroom . ''
i was so insecure , i needed him to bang down my door and fill my room with flowers .
beth to jennifer > > did he actually fill your room with flowers ?
carnations , but flowers nonetheless .
he bought an inexpensive bouquet of flowers at the convenience store across from his dormitory and wrote on a piece of college - ruled paper : sam , lo , though i travel through the valley of death , my heart flies first class .
his mom brought dinner - lasagna and stuffed artichokes and honey ricotta pie - as well as a complete set of silverware , world music cds , and fresh flowers .
` ` you could have sent flowers . ''
` ` okay , so what 's your favorite flower ? ''
her family was n't into sending flowers , and only one person here knew she loved yellow tulips .
while the flowers and the dinner were very thoughtful of blake , and while he 'd said he would give her an explanation as to why he walked away from her this morning in the bathroom and that sounded promising , none of that meant he wanted her .
what your favorite flower is , and your favorite color . ''
he knew he merely had to send her flowers and arrange dinner and she 'd capitulate like every woman before her .
but rather than finding herself halting or tentative , it was as if what she had done with dylan the night before had opened her up like a flower blossoming , giving permission to show its true colors and to spread itself in full glory and right now , laura was ready to spread herself again .
rather than finding herself halting or tentative , it was as if what she had done with dylan the night before had opened her up like a flower blossoming , giving permission to show its true colors and to spread itself in full glory - and right now , laura was ready to spread herself again .
` ` go there with flowers and a latte , make it a double with some vanilla , and you may have a chance . ''
he obliged , his nose inches from her as she whispered , ` ` she ... she actually ... well , i ' m kind of glad to see the flowers here because she seemed a little upset this morning and we managed to pry it out of her that she was having some man problems . ''
steeling himself , he arranged the latte in one hand and the flowers in the other , trying to decide whether to smile or not .
she set the flowers on a filing cabinet and took a swig of the coffee .
when dylan had walked into her office with a batch of flowers she had nearly died on the spot .
` ` so you 're telling me dylan brought you flowers , it turns out the girlfriend in the pictures is dead , and you f**ked him .
but first : did dylan , in fact , pose as a flower delivery man to sneak into your building at work today ? ''
` ` how much did stohlman industries pay you during the time that you were being serviced by the fake flower delivery dude ? ''
laura had a way of tipping her eyes up first , eyebrows hitching up slightly , then bringing her entire face into the light - mike 's light , that is , given his height - that was so endearing his heart felt like it blossomed , a lotus flower of love .
he 'd posed as a flower delivery dude that day when he 'd come to her office and they 'd - she flushed even more .
the guy who delivered flowers to you a few weeks ago . ''
` ` what 's he doing delivering flowers ? ''
a long , drawn - out pleading and self - flagellation filled with regret and recriminations and sorries and kisses and flowers and all that crap .
i was here the day you delivered flowers to laura . ''
` ` come see what the church committee is doing with the flowers . ''
` ` michael and i just want to thank the church ladies for the wonderful job they ' ve done with the flowers , then we 'll meet you outside . ''
` ` your gorgeous dress ... the flowers ... the suite . ''
in sharp contrast to suzy and michael 's wedding , it was a small affair with no bouquets , flower girls or white lacy bridal dress in sight .
he glanced at the well maintained lawn , which was due to be mowed , and the many flowers planted around and the white picket fence .
there was a surprising lack of flowers and she vowed to change that as soon as possible but the fountain in the center of the driveway added a nice showpiece , which was both comforting and homey at the same time .
it was the same church and looked like it must have when it was originally built but it was now completely fixed up and had flowers decorating the stairs , leading up inside of it .
she was so frustrated with the man , she had to give up on the arrangement she was working on because she was destroying the expensive flowers .
she gave birth a while ago and i realized i never sent flowers .
she walked back over to her cooler and started selecting different flowers .
she had a real eye for the flowers she used and just the right amount of greens .
i thought it would be great to have a section of books people could buy and they could come in and eat , read and order flowers or gifts .
standing as her sister 's maid of honor and holding her ridiculously gaudy bouquet of flowers while mason swept sandy into his arms , kissing her in front of everyone could n't be humiliation enough for sierra .
sierra had smiled as if she was thrilled , but she had n't missed the snickers as people behind her made comments about her never using the flowers since she could n't keep a man long enough to get him to walk her down the aisle .
the way he spoke to her , the many simple things he did , like bringing her flowers when they were apart and always opening doors for her , was securing him tightly into her heart .
damien stood over his mother 's grave , a solitary flower in his hand .
when gabriel showed up on my porch , flowers in hand and smiling like i 'd never seen him before , i crushed the heart i did n't even know i carried in my hand .
when you play , all of my mother 's flowers lose the will to live and expire on the instant .
i thought about cutting the stems and using the flower food packet that came with the bouquet , but it was pointless hanging on to them .
i ' ve enjoyed watching him receive your flowers today .
i was immediately struck by the lovely fragrance of the flowers and the way they warmed the starkly modern office .
` ` she ate a meal in an office covered in your flowers , with you blowing kisses from my desk .
i 'd even seen flowers delivered to the office once or twice .
i was stopped just as i reached the outer office door by a man carrying a large flower arrangement .
who the hell would send her flowers ?
he handed me the flowers and i set them on her desk .
for three long minutes i stood and looked at those flowers , willing myself to stop being such a girl and not look at the card .
retrieving the flowers from her desk i walked out the door , locking up behind me , and made my way down the hall to the elevator .
looking back now i could see that it was wrong for me to throw the flowers away .
` ` i really hope you did n't mind the flowers i sent to your office yesterday .
i had flowers delivered to me ? ''
` ` i 'll call you monday ; hopefully your flowers are n't completely wilted . ''
it seems that when mike checked his email this morning , he had a delivery confirmation for my flowers .
` ` it turns out that someone signed for the flowers . ''
` ` and ... i threw the flowers away . ''
but when i saw those flowers ... come on , they were fucking roses for god 's sake ! ''
we had managed to reach a precarious cease - fire in regards to the flower incident , and i wondered if he had called to follow up .
like oranges and the white flowers that grew outside my window in paris .
i 'd gotten her flowers and even dressed like she 'd asked , in jeans and a black t - shirt .
with one email i ordered chloe a huge flower arrangement of pink orchids to be delivered tonight .
we said our goodbyes and i walked down the hall to the door , surprised to be faced with a man holding a huge vase of the most beautiful pink flowers i 'd ever seen .
i signed quickly , handing it back to him and taking the flowers in exchange .
i bit my lip nervously , unabashedly excited at the prospect that he might have sent me flowers .
flower beds and urns lined both sides of the path , each spilling over with bright , colorful blossoms .
white shutters framed the tall windows on the first and second floors , and more vibrant flowers lined beds against the doors .
find some flowers .
not a half mile down the road , there was a small storefront with flowers spilling out of every conceivable container : vases and baskets , boxes and urns .
looking away from her flowers , she asked , ` ` are you here for flowers ?
looking away from her flowers , she asked , ` ` are you here for flowers ?
` ` so you 're here for flowers , then . ''
she moved back through the store , collecting an assortment of flowers as she walked .
` ` i wanted that pretty mouth on me as soon as i heard you were flirting with the flower girl . ''
` ` he 's never going to be the guy to give me flowers and tell me i ' m lovely . ''
and that flower juice thing ? ''
guys usually up the stakes : flowers , compliments , romantic restaurant . ''
do you want me to tie ribbons on the flower arrangements or some shit ? ''
i kissed her cheek , handing her the flowers we 'd bought for her when we stopped to refuel .
i do n't care about the flowers .
he thinks you 're some kind of fragile flower that ca n't speak up for herself and that what i do is borderline abusive !
and who gets to be the maid of honor , best man , flower girls , if alice should design the dresses or chose some , and when they decided over my head which wedding cake we should order i had about enough . ''
the animal looks ready to jump right off my skin , sinewy and strong , while at the same time he is ready to protect his precious flower .
the room was small and stuffy ; we 'd kept the flowers in here earlier and the cloying perfume filled the dark space .
all of us , henry , the ring bearer , your dad , chloe 's dad , chloe , the girls , george , your mom , and the flower girl .
chloe 's favorite flowers - orchids - were everywhere : in vases , clinging to the branches of huge potted trees , hanging in fragrant clusters from the tent ceilings .
there were no flower petals to throw in our wake , no handfuls of rice .
i ' m a delicate flower . ''
choosing flowers .
i hope you like the flowers .
dried flowers from her closet - sent as an apology for hitting her - go onto the pile as well .
the overwhelming scent of funeral flowers ... the lilies and mums and carnations ... they smell so sweet that they make my stomach turn , and they trigger memories of my parents ' funeral .
i am acutely aware of maria sobbing silently next to me , of pax 's arm wrapped around mila , of the flowers , of the urn , of the mourning people .
girlish , curly handwriting fills notebook papers , with flowers and hearts doodled in the margins .
i scroll through my phone for the flower shop nearest to her house and make a call .
well , me and a yard full of flower petals .
he goes back to weeding a flower bed , but still glances at me every now and then , probably wondering if i ' m crazy .
there have been no phone calls , no messages , no flowers ... nothing .
how does he arrange flowers so quickly ?
' morning , flower . '
* * * ' nice flowers . '
' and you need to stop sending flowers to my office . '
after exchanging flowers and signatures , i retrieve the card .
i grab my bag and flowers and head for the office door .
i fly into the bedroom and throw my flowers and bag on the chest before unpacking all of my purchases , shoving them in the wooden trunk and quickly jumping in the shower , eager to ready myself for the evening ahead .
' hello , flower . '
' you ' ve been a while , flower . '
i let myself in with my pink key and head straight for the kitchen , kicking my shoes off and looking for wine that i know wo n't be there before finding a vase to put my flowers in .
he starts up the stairs slowly , completely naked and stunningly spectacular , and scoops me up without stopping , prompting me to drop the flowers and wrap myself around his body .
i like the flowers and the messages ; it 's the tramples i have an issue with .
' here you are , flower .
' you gave me a flower . '
whatever he had done , she hoped he was smart enough to make amends because it did n't sound like something that flowers would take care of .
she sat the flowers and the bag on the table behind her desk and buried herself in work for the rest of the day .
well , the flowers , which had been his idea , had n't brought her around so he had lost nothing by leaving her the bag .
the stalls - normally filled with dried flowers , handmade crafts , and homemade food items - were empty .
even now , late at night , the office smelled of fresh flowers and worn leather .
flowers bloomed everywhere , bright and vibrant , and glossy green boxwoods had been shaped into a rounded hedge that paralleled the fencing .
i was planting flowers in the backyard . ''
tourists stood in front of flower shops and outside bakery windows .
look at wedding flowers .
we can get tons of silk flowers from target .
sunlight streamed onto her yard , made the flowers glow .
` ` now , oddly enough , i also know an out - of - work baker who could make a four - layer cake with fresh flowers .
beside her , a huge hanging pot of flowers sent a red trailer of blossoms along her upper arm .
cut a few flowers from helga 's garden ? ''
for the next hour , he moved from one chore to the next , until the potatoes were in the oven , the corn was on the stove , the flowers were on the table , and the candles were lit .
she looked past him , saw a dying bouquet of flowers on the coffee table , and hoped he had n't bought them for their date .
suddenly i saw flowers , lighting a candle , jeff 's hand on mine .
there was a vase with fresh flowers sitting on the small kitchen table .
amy was whisked around the house and shown the flower choices and cake .
on each table sat crystal , china and the most beautiful flower arrangements she could ' ve ever wished for .
she 'd walked into the suite to the smell of fresh cut flowers and the sight of a bowl overflowing with fruit .
fresh flowers were placed throughout and the furniture was comfortable .
she thought the flowers could ' ve come from john but not the notes .
she knew she was going to have to make a lot of plans in order to at least have some flowers and cake at her wedding .
you accepted my flowers , you read my love letters and you still married him .
i kept coming back to the store at the same time but you never showed up , so i sent you the flowers .
there was a big flat - screen television , fresh flowers in a nice vase , curtains instead of blinds , and the same nurse did n't seem to be in a hurry to leave .
she then noticed the bouquet of flowers in his hand .
she 'd never received flowers before and the gesture made her tear up .
she knew max was a player and he gave flowers without it meaning anything to him .
` ` well , thanks again for the flowers , but i ' m really quite tired so ... '' she started .
she 'd love a man to take her on a real date , with flowers , opening her door , and making her feel special , without him expecting her to crawl into his bed at the end of the evening .
it had been a long time since he 'd been able to relax and smell the flowers .
she had to get away for a while , take time for herself and prove she was n't some delicate flower needing twenty - four hour supervision .
charlie stuck out his arm and bree placed her hand through it and followed him along a flower strewn path .
a little while later , chad stepped through the door carrying a huge bouquet of mixed flowers and a large bag of chocolate .
he showed up at my door with flowers practically every day , and it did n't take me long to fall under his spell .
yes , she 'd been bought flowers , even jewelry , but austin had thought quickly , and was ... well he was taking care of her .
i did n't even get flowers . ''
` ` you want flowers ?
i have no room for flowers , '' she warned .
` ` there 's always room for flowers . ''
she 'd received flowers before , but not at her workplace , and never so many .
fresh flowers decorated delicate tables ; the colorful bouquets would draw the eye of every customer who stepped from the cherry - wood - lined elevators .
the detailed stained glass sparkled in brilliant colors , the flowers majestic fragrance filled the room , and the italian granite counters shone .
the flowers had to be real , making her want to touch them to make sure , but she kept on moving forward , on a mission to find a friendly staff member to give her information .
first on his list of to - dos was to order a large bouquet of pink and purple stargazer lilies , making sure the greenery matched the color of her eyes and the flowers themselves were fragrant enough that each time she entered the room , their smell would tease and delight her senses .
she found small trinkets on the nightstand , flowers on the bathroom counter , her favorite coffee waiting for her when she woke up after he 'd had to rush out and miss their breakfast together .
expensive vases on fancy tables sitting in front of windows as pure decoration and nothing more ; no flowers , just vases .
he would tell her that the ale was fine , her breath was like the sweetest flower , and the maid she had chosen for him had proven as capable as she should be .
i may even pick a flower or two for her along the way . ''
` ` besides , i suspect lord holden was speaking in jest when he mentioned picking flowers .
hethe had been speaking in jest when he had mentioned plucking flowers .
i have never met a more annoying oaf , '' she snapped as the other woman continued to dress her hair with small flowers .
` ` aye , but the garlic and - ` ` ` ` he claims my breath is as sweet as flowers , '' helen growled .
ducky was silent for a moment as she braided flowers into helen 's golden hair , then murmured unhappily , ` ` i noticed he has been eating heartily of the food we serve him . ''
you will also fetch every ounce of perfume , every flower petal , every anything that smells pleasant and bring it up here as well !
hethe gave the basket a good shake to make sure that every last flower petal and bit of herb was in the bath with her , then staggered away from the tub , dropping the now empty containers back in the basket as he did .
his wife 's head swiveled , her eyes fastening on him with murder in their depths as she glared out from beneath the bits of dried flowers and herbs that had caught in her hair .
if anything , adding the herbs , flowers and oils had only accentuated her original stench , amplifying it .
` ` those flower petals .
his amusement dying , replaced by concern now that she was no longer standing before him , arms outstretched , hair and body littered with bits of herbs and dried flowers , he hurried for the stairs to the great hall in search of assistance .
` ` the oils and flowers did n't mix well with the stinkweed , '' helen cried out between little gasps for breath .
he had a vivid recollection of his bride 's body soft beneath him , her lips opening beneath his like a flower to the sun .
he looked on her with admiration and approval , and she felt herself bloom beneath his gaze like a flower under the sun .
the great hall 's once - bare tables sported linens , and the floor 's rushes had flowers strewn in them to add a sweet scent to the air .
the woman was twice her size and had a large collection of dresses with big flowers printed on them .
he 'd performed a spell to help the flowers in the garden grow better .
if he wanted to send a woman flowers , he resisted doing so with a couple of clicks on his computer and hauled himself down to the flower pot .
if he wanted to send a woman flowers , he resisted doing so with a couple of clicks on his computer and hauled himself down to the flower pot .
even during the worst time , even during the seven , he could come here and there would be fresh flowers artfully arranged , furniture free of dust and gleaming with polish , and intriguing little soaps in the dish in the downstairs powder room .
i want to put these flowers in water . ''
the women were laughing , candles were lit , and his mother carried in her grandmother 's best crystal vase with quinn 's flowers a colorful filling .
she liked the traditional flower for valentine 's day , and he knew his father always went for the red .
if he had n't known , amy yost in the flower shop would have reminded him , as she did every blessed year .
he could n't think of any reason why not to send quinn flowers .
women liked flowers , he thought as he filled out the delivery form .
not only had no other customers come in while he 'd been buying his roses and impulsive tulips , but there was no one on the sidewalks , no cars creeping cautiously toward the curb in front of the flower pot .
` ` i wish- '' ` ` it 's flowers ! ''
` ` i was in the florist before- '' ` ` you sent me flowers on valentine 's day . ''
` ` i have to say that i ' m a sensible woman , who knows very well valentine 's day is a commercially generated holiday designed to sell greeting cards , flowers , and candy . ''
` ` and i ' m not the type of woman who goes all mushy and gooey over flowers , or sees them as an apology for an argument , a prelude to sex , or any of the other oft - perceived uses . ''
amy from the flower shop danced by with a wide , blood - splattered grin .
he ducked in to buy flowers .
she liked flowers in the office , and often picked them up herself as he tended to forget .
he shoved the flowers at her .
he waved a thumb at the door of the flower shop .
` ` it 's me , '' layla called up , and still conflicted , walked back to the kitchen with the flowers and the bottles and pots she 'd bought in a gift shop on the walk home .
` ` going to need lots and lots of ... hey , pretty , '' she said when she saw the flowers layla was clipping to size and arranging in various bottles .
the flowers were a nice idea .
so he gives me the flowers he 'd just bought , thrust them at me , really , and gave me a short , pithy lecture .
layla walked into the little dining room to arrange a trio of flowers on the old , drop - leaf table they 'd picked up at the flea market .
do n't leave all the flowers ; you should have some of them in your room . ''
she detoured to layla 's room to set the flowers down , then took the coffee mug on her way to the office .
` ` we should ' ve brought flowers , '' layla said quietly as she looked down at the simple and small stone that read only : ann hawkins ` ` she does n't need them , '' cybil told her .
` ` stones and flowers , they 're for the living .
or maybe i should just stay here today and see who 's leaving the flowers ... tommy had found fresh flowers on his bed for four days running and they were beginning to bother him .
or maybe i should just stay here today and see who 's leaving the flowers ... tommy had found fresh flowers on his bed for four days running and they were beginning to bother him .
it was n't the flowers themselves that bothered him : gladiolas , red roses , and two mixed bouquets with big pink ribbons .
he sort of liked flowers , in a masculine and totally non - sissy way , of course .
he 'd just trotted down the hall to the communal bathroom , removed the lid of the toilet tank , and plopped the flowers in .
so he ended up in san francisco , and although he could use some breakfast , he was more worried about flowers than about food .
he thought , i should just stick around and see who 's leaving the flowers .
he told the emperor about the destruction of his car , about his subsequent meeting of wong one , of his cramped , filthy quarters , and ended his story with the mystery of the flowers on his bed .
but i may have a lead on a job for you , and perhaps a clue to the conundrum of the flowers . ''
` ` so you want me to ask them about the flowers , and what else ? ''
` ` what 's that got to do with the flowers ? ''
` ` and the flowers ? ''
` ` the wongs are leaving the flowers .
chapter 9 he knows if you ' ve been bad or good , so you 'd better ... for the few days he had been in san francisco , because of the newness of it all , because of the mystery of the flowers and the worries of finding a job , tommy had completely forgotten that he was horny .
a lot of guys would ' ve just paid the ransom with candy and flowers . ''
you could n't have brought me flowers or jewelry , like most guys .
outside my dad 's shop , there were flower boxes full of red blossoms - impatiens - that spilled over beneath the large windows .
i plan to have flowers , too .
` ` you could order flowers for tammie lee . ''
` ` why not go to the flower shop on blossom street . ''
she sang songs to alix and smelled of lavender and flowers .
chapter 11 carol girard c arol placed the bouquet of fresh flowers in the center of the dinner table and stepped back to examine her handiwork .
she 'd arranged the flowers herself , using a porcelain vase that had come with the roses doug had sent on their last anniversary .
six months ago she would ' ve scoffed at the idea of arranging flowers or spending a morning wandering the aisles at a local farmer 's market .
` ` should i send her flowers ?
each memorial day we visited their graves and placed flowers by their headstones .
` ` next i wanted to be able to smell flowers and be close to the water and feel sunshine on my face . ''
in fact , reese had n't sent her flowers in years .
` ` i see the flowers arrived , '' she said , looking ill - at - ease .
this was the first time in her life anyone had given her flowers and nothing in the world could have pleased her more .
tammie lee was watering the flower beds and amelia , balanced against her hip , waved her chubby arms at a passing butterfly when jacqueline pulled into the driveway .
the flower boxes immediately reminded me of my father 's first bicycle shop , and it was almost as if my dad was giving my venture his nod of approval .
she probably should n't waste money on flowers , but still ... well , she 'd think about it .
she decided to buy those flowers for aurora , after all .
her flower garden is her pride , one of the few things she still cares about .
the park was little more than a playground with a few pieces of equipment , an abundance of dwarf cherry trees , several well - maintained flower beds and a few benches .
` ` why do n't you and mom collect a bouquet of flowers from the backyard and i 'll use them as a centerpiece .
any other time , elise would ' ve objected and either given the task to maverick or insisted on cutting the flowers herself .
fresh flowers graced the mantel .
margaret was outside watering her flower beds when i parked on the street .
it was something she often did at home during the summer , wandering through her own garden , assessing the state of her flowers , inhaling their fragrance , making plans for the day .
her flowers had never looked more beautiful than in that vase ... . perhaps worst of all , susannah was asking her to give up her garden .
but to the best of her knowledge , vivian had n't been to the cemetery recently and if she had , she would ' ve left flowers at her husband 's grave , too .
the fresh flowers on her brother 's grave added to the mystery .
the office had a small yard with some shrubs and basic flower beds , which required routine maintenance .
` ` gloria 's arranged for flowers to be sent and she 's taken care of the insurance stuff . ''
the bed was loaded with beauty bark , which dave langevin had begun spreading over her flower beds .
he 'd been there on an unscheduled visit the day before , adding beauty bark to her flower beds .
` ` i ... i decided to extend my flower beds at the house . ''
` ` i ' m supposed to meet dave later this afternoon to go over some ideas for my new flower beds . ''
` ` call me a coward , but i ' ve decided against the new flower beds .
the first thing she saw as she crossed the lawn was the display of flowers that marked the site - a display that was similar to the one she 'd seen earlier , with roses again and peonies instead of lilacs .
she could n't imagine who 'd brought flowers to doug 's grave .
whoever was visiting doug 's grave had access to flowers , too .
` ` there were fresh flowers on his grave . ''
she eyed the flower garden , paying particular attention to the roses and peonies .
tom and i put flowers on our parents ' graves . ''
` ` so you were n't the one who put flowers on my brother 's grave ? ''
if he was seeing another woman , then my guess is she 's the person who 's leaving flowers on your brother 's grave . ''
` ` if you do find out who left those flowers at doug 's grave , would you mind letting me know ?
he was weeding the flower beds this afternoon and i snapped at him and when i left work , i found a note on my windshield that said perhaps we should meet another night instead .
` ` yes , but in addition to that , someone 's been putting flowers on doug 's grave .
` ` you still put flowers on his grave ? ''
` ` every few weeks i put flowers on my parents ' graves and lily 's .
the flowers she 'd brought for them , for lily and for doug had gone limp by now and been removed .
susannah set the flowers down on the bedside stand and leaned close to kiss vivian on the cheek .
` ` mom , i ' m going to buy a flower shop . ''
` ` a flower shop .
` ` a flower shop , '' her mother repeated as though testing the idea .
joe was there this week and he saw the for sale sign at fannie 's flowers .
bring some of those flowers when you do . ''
` ` fannie 's flowers ?
i met her shortly before christmas , when susannah nelson , who owns the flower shop next door , brought her over to meet me .
colette 's mother once owned a flower shop , and colette had worked there as a high - school student .
she had n't said much about the job she 'd left , but i gathered it was a far more demanding position than helping customers in a flower shop .
why is she working in a flower shop ?
although well into her eighties , grandma lived on her own and still managed to keep a large flower garden .
her house sold right away and she 'd obtained the job in the flower shop the next week .
what she earned at the flower shop covered her meager expenses .
when she got to work , susannah nelson was already there , cataloging a shipment of fresh flowers .
with valentine 's day the following week , they 'd received a huge shipment of roses , in addition to the flowers that arrived every other day .
in the beginning , she gave away more flowers than she sold but the strategy paid off and her shop 's doing well .
at four - thirty , susannah 's college - age daughter , chrissie , would be available to work at the flower shop and alix would have finished her shift at the cafe .
the flower shop had been frantic with activity this morning - not unexpected , this close to valentine 's day .
susannah had recently tendered a proposal to provide floral arrangements for prearranged funerals , which included an allotment for flowers , and had been asked to stop by to discuss her bid with the director .
funeral wreaths and arrangements were a staple of the business , but colette knew from her own experience that no quantity of flowers , regardless of how exotic or expensive , would ease the ache of having lost a family member .
ever the gentleman , he held the door for her as they left the flower shop .
` ` why a flower shop ? ''
i guess i inherited my love for flowers from her .
actually , i would never have thought of owning a flower shop if not for my husband .
` ` have you ordered the wedding flowers yet ? ''
` ` but flowers are an important part of the wedding , '' susannah said .
` ` i suppose your mother 's upset because i have n't decided on the flowers yet ? ''
susannah was at the flower shop when colette got in and they worked together until noon .
` ` i ' ve come to order flowers . ''
` ` you might want to check on your flower order , '' she said in a low voice .
the bridesmaids ' flowers had been discussed , too , and jacqueline had overruled alix 's preference there , as well .
as soon as she could , she 'd go to susannah 's garden and change the flower order back to white daisies .
chapter 11 colette blake march was traditionally a slow month in the flower business ; colette remembered that from the time she 'd worked in her mother 's shop .
she ran a weekly draw that anyone could enter and on slow days , she and colette took turns standing on blossom street and giving away single flowers with a tag attached that advertised the store .
` ` not even to order flowers ? ''
` ` i ' m ordering flowers .
the knitting class took place late on wednesday afternoons , when chrissie could fill in for susannah and colette at the flower shop .
` ` we got the biggest flower order last week , '' susannah told me , her voice shimmering with enthusiasm .
orders for wedding flowers are starting to come in , too . ''
` ` she must be special if you ' ve ordered flowers for the entire year , '' colette continued .
` ` you forget i was the one who made the reservations for all your dinner dates - and ordered the flowers . ''
christian 's past relationships had never lasted more than a few months , and yet he 'd left his credit card number and instructions for a full year of weekly flower deliveries .
` ` i have a flower delivery for ms . elizabeth sasser . ''
he ordered the flowers and i delivered them . ''
` ` it 's my understanding that in previous weeks the flowers have been brought to the house by a delivery service . ''
` ` actually i asked to deliver the flowers , '' colette murmured , deciding on the truth .
` ` i work for susannah 's garden , the flower shop on blossom street . ''
` ` derek would n't have wanted you to hide yourself away , working in this- '' he hesitated , apparently searching for the right word ` ` -obscure little flower shop .
` ` that you 'd learn this much from a simple flower delivery . ''
chapter 26 colette blake susannah had a doctor 's appointment , so colette was opening the flower shop on her own friday morning .
her ` ` open - door policy '' had been successful , too ; equally enticing were the buckets of fresh flowers she arranged along the sidewalk .
` ` i came to cancel the wedding flowers , '' alix said abruptly .
` ` it 'll be a three - tier traditional white cake , decorated with real flowers . ''
once grandma turner heard that , alix was afraid she 'd be out digging in the flower beds herself .
after they 'd finished their tea , jordan mowed the lawn over sarah 's objections and clipped the hedge , while alix tackled the flower beds , weeding and cultivating the soil .
` ` we never had flowers at our house when i was growing up . ''
she remembered that the house had gone without more than flowers .
alix had always envied people who had yards with flowers .
jordan , done with clipping the hedge , drank a second glass of iced tea and then joined alix in weeding the flower beds .
she had ties for the back of each chair , which resembled wedding veils , and silk flower bouquets that she attached to the veils , each one in a pastel shade .
she glanced at colette , and thinking it might be a private conversation , colette walked outside to check on the flowers in their buckets .
` ` i was at the flower shop and susannah said colette 's been off work because someone she knows - her former boss , apparently - has gone missing . ''
susannah and colette were there , too , working on the flower arrangements .
smaller bouquets of the same flowers were attached at the end of every row .
susannah was going to miss her , but it seemed chrissie enjoyed working in the flower shop , and she 'd be there all summer .
beside the champagne and flutes , she 'd arranged a crystal vase of red roses ; they 'd been a gift from susannah 's garden , the flower shop next door .
` ` is there any other kind of garden than flowers ? ''
he kissed anne marie on the cheek , then presented the flowers to ellen .
` ` i like flowers . ''
` ` should we bring her flowers again ? ''
after the concert on saturday , they 'd purchased white tulips and yellow daffodils from susannah 's garden , the flower shop next to the bookstore .
the flowers in their vase rested on the stand beside her bed .
ellen held the plastic pitcher filled with ice and carefully set it on the stand next to the flowers .
she did n't need to look at the attached card to know her mother had sent the flowers .
she was wrong ; lillie had n't sent the flowers .
the outdoor lighting revealed a sweeping , verdant lawn and , closer to the house itself , an arrangement of flower beds filled with tulips of all colors , daffodils and delicate narcissus .
in a way mark had made the next move by having flowers delivered , although she considered that an indirect , even cowardly approach .
the flowers were a lovely gesture , but she 'd been looking for more - like an apology or an invitation to meet again .
` ` the flowers you sent . ''
` ` i did n't send you flowers . ''
` ` so , you did n't send the flowers , '' she confirmed .
they 'd already planted a container garden on anne marie 's balcony , with easy - care flowers like impatiens and geraniums .
this time the flowers really are from me .
the yard needed some serious attention ; the flower beds sprouted weeds and a lone rosebush struggled for survival , choked off by the encroaching lawn .
the yard was beautifully maintained , the flower beds splashed with brilliant color .
the flower beds , however , were her domain .
susannah from the flower shop had come , but could only stay briefly .
why wait for a certain time of year to bring your wife flowers ?
he used to work in his yard year - round and had always taken great pride in his garden and flower beds .
the yard was surrounded by a white picket fence with a gate , and flowers seemed to be blooming everywhere .
she had huge pots on the front steps and the flower beds were ablaze with bright purple azaleas .
the trees shaded the patio and someone had put a flower garden on a small knoll to the east .
i could smell him despite the pines and the flowers and the fresh plastic aroma of my chairs .
i might not be the flowers and chocolate type , but crumpled paper and dusty books did n't do a thing for me .
he sent flowers to the funeral since he could n't be there and ignored the pangs of loss caused by her passing .
breakfast should be delivered there in about a half hour , along with the flowers .
allan had sent her flowers and an apology card .
` ` what , no tea and flowers ?
fear for her coiled in his chest , and he was n't the kind of man who was good at the hearts and flowers crap .
he glanced down at the forgotten flowers in his hand and chuckled , ` ` yeah , they are . ''
a bouquet of some kind of exotic flowers i 'd never seen sat in the middle of the table .
once she got to the grocery , her sole purchase was a big bouquet of flowers .
the vase was too narrow to hold all the flowers , so she sorted through and removed the prettiest ones and arranged those inside .
when she 'd finished , she divided the remaining flowers among the other graves in the row .
` ` i sent flowers , '' she added ruefully .
she found a vase for the flowers and set them in the middle of the kitchen table .
when the doorbell rang and a deliveryman stood there with a huge arrangement of flowers , her first thought was that they were from seth .
she dumped the flowers in the sink .
the young man , probably a high - school student , thrust the vase filled with flowers into her arms and left .
setting the flowers down next to the cash register , she removed the plastic and dropped it into the nearby trash can .
it 'd been almost three weeks since their anniversary , and she had n't thanked him for the flowers , had n't even acknowledged getting them .
when the flowers arrived for our anniversary and i started to cry , he patted my back - and then walked away .
basically , i wanted to thank you for the flowers and tell you happy anniversary , too .
i ' m glad you got the flowers .
he carried a huge bouquet of fresh flowers in a glass vase .
he set the flowers on the corner of her desk and pleaded with his eyes .
` ` i 'll take care of these flowers , '' peggy said and left the room .
fresh flowers were everywhere , on the tables and in huge rented vases along the walls .
the windows gleamed from their washing , the lawn was greening and the garden - vegetables and flowers - now looked like a real garden .
` ` my , the grounds are nice here , '' charlotte said , glancing at the flower beds .
she bent down and scooped up beau , who 'd been busily digging in her flower beds .
` ` can i get rachel some flowers and apologize ? ''
` ` flowers are a nice idea , but what 's more important to rachel , and to me , is bringing her and the baby into our family .
a flower that bloomed despite cold , wind and hardship .
after dropping off her mail , she hurried down to the manager 's office and learned that a huge flower arrangement had arrived .
` ` did you get my flowers ? ''
to his dismay he found a three - hundred - dollar charge from willows , weeds and flowers .
i used the card to buy flowers for the ladies ' auxiliary luncheon at the hospital . ''
` ` three hundred dollars for flowers ? ''
` ` i know it is n't going to make any difference , but i think i 'll send shelly flowers for valentine 's day . ''
` ` flowers , '' jack repeated .
i wanted to thank you for the flowers you sent mom .
` ` you might send her flowers , '' peggy suggested .
she picked up the rattle , which was a gift from jon ; it had arrived in a huge basket of flowers he 'd had delivered to the hospital .
` ` he had flowers delivered to the house .
` ` jack sent you flowers ? ''
if olivia was ready to have jack arrested for sending her flowers , grace could only imagine what her ex - husband had done .
` ` no one 's sending me flowers and asking me to dinner these days .
` ` the flowers arrived , '' she said dreamily .
` ` every week daddy and i put flowers by the road where she died . ''
stan stood in the doorway , holding a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of wine .
justine took the flowers and arranged them artfully in a vase , which she set in the middle of the table .
her yard in seattle had been shaded and too small for anything other than a few flowers .
she 'd placed the flowers in a crystal vase ; they provided a cheery accent and perfectly complemented her pale yellow table linens .
` ` would it be all right if we put flowers on her grave one day ? ''
but he 'd already sent her flowers once , and it had been completely out of character then .
` ` did he get you flowers ? ''
roses , lilies , irises and a dozen other flowers filled huge white baskets , carefully arranged to create a border around the white - painted gazebo .
she had a strong practical streak , expressed in her vegetable and herb gardens ; she satisfied her craving for beauty with the flower gardens in front .
cecilia walked to the front of the office and there stood ian with a small bouquet of flowers .
samuels broke eye contact first , glancing around at the large two - story house with its brilliant green lawn and flower beds vibrant with color .
the lectern - level exit door stood ajar , letting fresh air and the scent of flowers into the hall .
` ` you got my flowers . ''
he 'd have to remember she loved flowers , he thought .
this was her world , and for the first time , she felt a niggle of fear as she contemplated what might be in her moon - dappled garden besides flowers and trees .
chloe pointed to a tidy bungalow , set well back on a neat square of lawn with flower borders edging the walk .
the walkway leading from the street to the front door of the 1940s bungalow was lined with neglected flower beds .
despite the overgrown flower beds , it was apparent that the house itself had been well - cared - for by its owner .
` ` oh , yes , i ' ve always had a garden - roses and bulb flowers and perennials .
she 'd initially made contact with her birth parents by sending anonymous postcards , flower arrangements and other benign but puzzling messages .
` ` bobby asked a colleague what women like , and his friend said flowers , candy , perfume and sentimental cards . ''
a year ago on memorial day , when cecilia was still pregnant with aaron , and ian had been at sea , she 'd driven out to the cemetery and placed flowers on allison 's gravesite .
cecilia had already purchased a small bouquet of flowers .
in fact , he 'd sent flowers to the bank twice .
through the sliding glass door , maryellen could see the three of them walking around the yard , exclaiming at the flowers and studying each blade of grass .
i 'll never forget the night he brought me a dozen romantic greeting cards , flowers and about fifty pounds of expensive chocolate . ''
sandy had liked flowers , too , and when she 'd still been able to , had spent copious amounts of time maintaining their garden .
the color of the flower matched the flush in her cheeks .
she remembered 204 rosewood lane a year ago , with its pristine lawn , thriving flower garden and new paint job .
mary jo brought the fragrant flowers to her nose and breathed in their fresh scent .
` ` i was n't sure your brothers would remember to send flowers . ''
he 'd been tempted to send her flowers for valentine 's day , but felt that was too much , too soon .
so much for romancing her with flowers and candy !
then she grabbed the flower , threw it on the ground and stomped all over it .
` ` a few of us are getting together and planting flowers in olivia 's yard .
but is n't it a bit early to be planting flowers ? ''
` ` bob built four flower boxes for olivia 's front porch . ''
` ` what 's everyone doing with all those flowers ? ''
with everyone pitching in , it took only an hour to get the flower beds weeded and planted .
with jack 's assistance , grace and faith set the flower boxes on the ledge around the front porch and arranged ivy and pansies in each .
spring had officially begun a week ago , and as the old saying went , march showers brought april flowers .
or was it april showers that brought may flowers ?
he started digging , shoveling up lawn and dirt to create new flower beds .
cecily 's face , like a bright , angry flower .
there was a small path cut along the side of the hill , lined with unfamiliar white flowers , and tessa looked like a flower herself , in a white dress like the one she had worn to the ball the night he had kissed her on benedict lightwood 's balcony .
there was a small path cut along the side of the hill , lined with unfamiliar white flowers , and tessa looked like a flower herself , in a white dress like the one she had worn to the ball the night he had kissed her on benedict lightwood 's balcony .
at last she was there , close enough that he could see where the grass and flowers bent beneath the tread of her shoes .
sophie had held tessa while she 'd wept and torn the flowers out of her hair that were the color of will 's eyes , and sophie had covered up with powder the evidence of tears and sleepless nights .
he had thought to take her down to pembrokeshire , to walk around saint david 's head and see the cliff - top flowers there , to see the blue sea from tenby and find seashells at the tide lines .
they were blue , blue like the sea and sky in her dream where he had fallen away from her , blue as the flowers sophie had put in her hair .
henry said that perhaps , since you had touched the soul of an angel , that you dream of heaven now , of fields of angels and flowers of fire .
blood , red like a flower , on her chest .
and as the days went on , tessa felt herself unfolding slowly out of her quiet , huddled unhappiness over nate and will and the loss of her old life , like a flower climbing out of frozen ground .
they were in the drawing room , with its wal paper of flowers and vines .
she sat on the chaise longue with a watercolor easel and papers propped before her ; she had recently made the decision that she had fal en behind in pursuing the maidenly arts , and had begun painting , cutting silhouettes , pressing flowers , and playing on the spinet in the music room , though will said her singing voice made him think of church when he was in a particularly complaining mood .
` ` a man who has been bent on it for nearly three score years , who has nurtured it from a tiny , poisonous seed to a living , choking flower .
tessa saw a woman wrapped in a shawl , a basket of flowers drooping from one hand , a baby folded into a corner of the shawl propped against her shoulder .
` ` listen to this : i am tired of tears and laughter , and men that laugh and weep of what may come hereafter for men that sow to reap : i am weary of days and hours , blown buds of barren flowers , desires and dreams and powers and everything but sleep . ''
and if you do n't want anyone to know you ' ve been kissing in carriages , you should refrain from wearing a hat with easily crushed flowers on it .
chapter 15 : thousands more there is something horrible about a flower ; this , broken in my hand , is one of those he threw it in just now ; it will not live another hour ; there are thousands more ; you do not miss a rose .
chapter 20 : the bitter root but now , you are twain , you are cloven apart , flesh of his flesh , but heart of my heart ; and deep in one is the bitter root , and sweet for one is the lifelong flower .
he pulled up in front of the steps , and the door of the carriage opened ; charlotte was inside , wearing a wine - colored velvet dress and a hat with a sprig of dried flowers in it .
she reached up and touched his cheek instead , and he put his face against her hair , her hair full of flowers the color of will 's eyes , and they stood like that , clasped together , until the dinner bel rang a second time .
` ` and no flowers came to the apartment today , so i assumed he 'd finally given up . ''
as it turned out , she need n't worry that she 'd lost her ability to feel because her heart was crushed like a pressed flower in a tattered book .
` ` i ' m not some fragile little flower who wilts because your answers are n't all pretty and sweet .
i 'll pick some flowers for lily .
every flower planted in the boxes out front .
flowers lined the square and the street , and there was a quaintness that spoke to lauren 's longing for a place to call home .
flowers bloomed along the stone path that spiraled down the colter property and the trees were leafing out .
in the dry , dusty town of bakersfield i 'd been a flower slowly dying ; in the moisture and mist of this green cathedral , i can feel myself blossoming .
fresh flowers on the antique dresser .
my holiday was spent in a white room that smelled of disinfectant and flowers .
send flowers and make sure vickie has everything she might need .
he found jeans and a pullover shirt , little sneakers with pink shoestrings , socks with flowers on them , and a pink fleece hooded jacket .
like at a discount garden store , flowers were everywhere , some real , some silk , some faded and plastic .
they sprinted into the dense growth of the overburdened flower beds and began running zigzag patterns around the sculptures .
` ` aunt dody , i got you flowers ! ''
` ` you pick all the flowers you want , darling .
i stood near the window shaking my head , unreasonably spooked by a flower .
perhaps i could n't bring myself to say , ` ` i found a flower .
` ` what 're those flowers ? ''
i 'd found a bad - luck voodoo flower in my bed .
i returned to the hotel , where i discovered my flower was gone .
i had n't found anything except a voodoo flower and a picture of a ghost .
` ` there 's a flower in the swamp , '' i said .
` ` can you bring me the flower ? ''
` ` it 'll protect you against the mojo from the flower . ''
someone had put that flower in my room .
he did n't seem to notice , staring at the flowers i clutched to my chest .
` ` i was told those flowers were bad luck , '' i said .
` ` how did that flower get on your bed ? ''
` ` i went to bed without a flower , woke up with one at my feet . ''
` ` did you get rid of the flower ? ''
the earth beneath adam 's bedroom window had been turned up , as if someone had considered planting flowers or a shrub , then changed their mind .
i would n't have taken the white boxy monument for anything special if not for the flowers in front of the door and the xs drawn on the walls .
expecting the trailer park to be run - down , kind of shimmy , i was surprised to find neat plots of grass and flowers planted around the bases of most of the mobile homes .
behind cassandra 's shop lay a partially enclosed courtyard filled with plants , flowers , and a fountain .
luckily , the stuff was pink and smelled like flowers .
the garden was filled with flowers in colors i 'd never imagined .
erzulie 's lips curved as she pointed to one flower amid a hundred others , the bright red petals unmuted by the night .
` ` with de flower i marked you as mine . ''
the faint fragrance of fresh flowers drifted through the air , mingling with expensive cologne and perfume .
house in the suburbs , flower beds , picket fence , really nice minivan .
he lifted his head , shoved me hard enough to send me flying several feet , where i landed in the flower bed .
she could hear the drone of bees , and see a bright kaleidoscope of flowers , huge beds of flowers , dotting the landscape .
he could put flowers there , and visit her occasionally .
and if she 'd already been buried , he could make certain a stone was put there , and he could still take flowers to her .
the scent of the flowers enticed him to take deeper breaths , drawing the cool air deep into his lungs , easing the constriction in his chest .
he had wanted to find out where she was buried , so he could put flowers on her grave .
it sounds like a flower .
you are lovely , like a flower .
there would be flowers in a planter on the window , wash hanging to dry in the age - old way , a checked table cloth on a round table in the kitchen , a candle - holder fashioned from an old wine bottle .
` ` she 's no wilting flower to stand back and let herself get killed .
that scent had haunted him last spring when flowers had started to bloom and he 'd caught a whiff of honeysuckle .
she had a smear of pink paint on one cheek , and she was frowning in concentration as she tried to place one more perfect petal on her flower .
lana guided her hand over the paper , and after a moment , the flower had a set of neat petals .
caleb watched as tina carefuly dipped the brush in green paint and went after the leaves of her flower with the same intense concentration she did the petals .
she was no wilting flower , and he loved that about her .
a flower box ful of weeds graced the single front window .
a few pieces of art hung here and there , mostly paintings of flowers .
beneath the warm woman scent of her skin was the faint smell of flowers .
keith shoved aside enough trash to make room for his supplies : a coffee mug , a disposable box knife , a bag of fancy tea flowers , super glue , some cellophane , and a pretty red ribbon - all wiped clean of fingerprints .
maybe he 'd get her some more of the tea flower things when these were gone , just to see her smile .
it was these flower ball things that opened up when you put them in hot water .
i love the flowers on the wall . ''
he teased and flattered her , and she soaked up every word like a flower desperate for attention . ''
` ` biddy always goes to take flowers to her grave on this day . ''
` ` i helped biddy take some flowers out to the cliff last autumn because she said it was the anniversary of her jenny 's death .
her attention then moved to the pile of stones that was jenny 's resting place , but there were no flowers there to speak of biddy 's recent visit .
he grunted away on top of her until he spilled his seed , and when she again begged him to tell her he loved her , darach just laughed , and said , ' of course i love ye , i love all women , they are flowers to be plucked . '
she wanted to find a really good piece for a flower arrangement , so she walked to the edge of the waves , pushing her hair back so it would n't obscure her vision .
where once there had been flowers and trees and life , now nothing but rock remained .
then she smelled flowers -- gardenias .
a huge white silk flower was pinned between her br**sts .
gradually , she became aware of the smell of flowers .
there had been no flowers then , no expensive mahogany casket , and saddest of all , no mourners .
what she 'd really been looking for , of course , was her mother , and here , amid the flowers she 'd tended so carefully , elizabeth had thought she felt her mama 's spirit .
when she was little , elizabeth had often cried when her mama 's favorite flowers wilted and died .
our apartment looks like the flower store in little shop of horrors .
the only thing worse would be to stay in the apartment by myself and watch her stupid flowers die . ''
espresso - colored shingles covered the exterior ; freshly planted flower boxes graced the area beneath the front window .
amazingly , with the flowers in her arms and her stepmother beside her , elizabeth could almost believe it .
she left a forcibly upbeat message , sneaked in a short apology and a thank - you for the flowers , then hung up .
on galena he pointed out the old brick buildings , several of the shops and erica noticed the flower boxes lining the walkways between stores .
brick buildings , narrow streets , brightly colored flowers in boxes and old - fashioned light posts that were more atmospheric than useful .
he checked on the servers , on the table settings , on the flowers .
narrow walkways , cement pathways bordered by vibrant flower beds , wound past tiny bungalows and lavish cabins .
there were fresh flowers in the room , and a top - of - the - line computer and printer .
surrounded by the aroma of the fluffy rolls he 'd baked himself and the fragrance of cut flowers in tall vases filling the air , guy had waited .
erica and a woman avery had never seen before were fiddling with the flower arrangements .
` ` the flowers look beautiful , '' avery told guy 's half sister .
sabrina 's cinnamon , vanilla and flowers scent .
the flowers , the wine , that decadent tiramisu ... everything . ''
henry said these were your two favorite flowers . ''
whether she was on the phone ordering flowers and linens , or running around the ridge trying to organize people and plans and locations , there was always a moment when his face or voice or the memory of his seductive cologne would pop into her head .
i 'll send her flowers and increase her christmas bonus by way of an apology . ''
they want flowers and candy and romance .
the first thing she saw was flowers - a gigantic bouquet of soft pink lilies and roses filling nearly the entire space of the open door .
he looked like a million bucks - which was probably how much he 'd spent on the flowers and what she assumed were gourmet chocolates .
they want flowers and candy and grand romantic gestures .
he thrust the flowers and box of chocolates at her , catching her off guard enough that she released her hold on the door and took them , clutching them to her chest .
maybe he was here to tell her he 'd hired that nanny to take care of bradley and had only brought the candy and flowers in an attempt to soften the blow .
would there be more flowers , actual dates , attempts at wining and dining her in ways that only a millionaire jarrod heir could ?
letting go of the flowers and chocolates she 'd been clutching to her chest , she fell to her knees in front of him and gave the only answer she could .
of the water , the plants , even the dirt and then a faint sweet smell , like an exotic flower .
marlene had insisted on draping flowers from one end of the bulletproof barriers to the other .
the wedding was small enough that neither bride was having attendants , but they 'd immediately pounced on elizabeth , welcoming the shy little girl into the fold and declaring that she had to be the flower girl for the occasion .
eleanor 's mom was the maid of honor - in a dark green dress , with a white flower in her hair .
she tried to turn it into some kind of flower .
and he 'd told her that his grandparents lived in the house next door , which had flower boxes , for christ 's sake .
' fighting like white - trash dumb monkey ... ' he 'd seen her this mad at josh before - he 'd seen her throw a basket of silk flowers at josh 's head - but never at him .
according to park 's mom , everything eleanor was doing with her hair - washing it with whatever , brushing it , tying in beads and silk flowers - was dead wrong .
i ' ve wanted to be with you since your flowers arrived . ''
just a little something to say thanks for the flowers , which had made a tough day more bearable .
there were the flowers in my bedroom and the card .
looking out the window , i take in the smell of fresh cut flowers and ocean .
this one drifted over to some flowers i had n't noticed before by the window .
you know the flowers a magician pulls out of their hand ?
at that moment , i wanted to be the flowers and go back into hiding .
it was like some kind of flower and kiwis .
and no , grigori , i will not accept flowers as bribes .
she plucked a plump white flower from the vase and brought it slowly to her face , admiring the deeply lobed leaves and fragile petals , the still - moist drops of nectar inside its center .
she breathed in the flower 's soft , spicy scent .
it was such a strange choice of flower .
randy had n't let her take the vase with her when she left the infirmary , so luce had carried the flowers up to her room and gotten pretty inventive , cutting off the top of a plastic water bottle with a pair of manicure scissors .
usually when a guy brought you flowers , you did n't have to second - guess his feelings .
but still : he 'd brought her flowers !
it had ended up right next to daniel 's flowers , and she 'd spent half the night before looking back and forth between them , weighing the gifts and the intentions behind them .
the flower 's petals sifted through their fingers to the ground .
her room was dark , but the pale full blooms of the flowers on her windowsill stood out in the dimness .
xoxo , penn luce laid the note next to the flowers and took the book back to her bed .
i must admit that i was trespassing , but i had seen so many fine ladies come and go , and the gate was open , and the flowers so , so comely- '' she clasped her hands to her heart and sighed with deep regret .
she could see the cliff 's edge in tibet , where she 'd stepped through to witness daniel doling out single flowers to her past self in a game that ended too soon .
not traditional valentine 's flowers , '' he said , tossing his head thoughtfully , ` ` but still , they are ... something of a tradition . ''
she did n't have flowers and she did n't know any prayers , so she lay her hands on the cold , wet grass , closed her eyes , and sent her own kind of message to penn , worrying that it might never reach her .
she plucked the flower from its vase and twirled it in her palm , causing drops of water to bead on the brocaded rose duvet .
they passed a shut - tered laundromat , its sign posted in arabic , then a flower shop with hebrew stickers plastered across its windows .
they were her favorite flowers .
with her nose buried in a flower , she had n't seen him approach .
i mean ... '' the flower fell from her hand , three petals landing on the boy 's shoes .
he squinted at her and she wondered , horrified , if she 'd been talking to him with flower pollen dusting her nose .
` ` is that why there are so many trucks outside with flowers and decorations ? ''
surely someone had stopped by with fresh flowers .
they rounded a stone wall that encompassed a flower - filled garden , and ron pulled the bentley to a stop in the parking lot in the middle of the complex .
` ` oh , f**k you , flowers in the attic ! ''
they did n't talk about any more of the flowers they were missing as they finished their loop through the gardens .
` ` and the flowers , too .
they passed massive flower pots dotting the downtown sidewalks , their petals in full bloom , just like his heart .
i ' m not the one with white wings and flowers in her hair ? ''
dean swatted at a lazy bumble bee patrolling the potted flowers dotting the porch .
out of respect for nancy , he resisted the urge to kick over a massive flower pot , brimming with purple azaleas .
it definitely was n't all hearts and flowers .
his ears roared as the man handed her a small bouquet of flowers that he had obviously brought for her and she gave him a smile of pleasure .
she knew men were n't usually into flowers , but she thought they would look so pretty on his table .
` ` your flowers , '' she whispered .
` ` someone made me drop your flowers ... so sorry ... your tulips . ''
she had gotten hit by a car , but was apologizing to him about flowers ?
` ` bought you flowers , something hit me ...
she was in the hospital and she was upset over dropping flowers she had bought for him ?
flower petals lined the aisle , courtesy of a handsome flower boy named evan .
flower petals lined the aisle , courtesy of a handsome flower boy named evan .
tully stumbled along behind her mother , out of the house and down the steps and across the street to a rusted vw bus that had plastic flower decals all over it and a giant yellow peace symbol painted on the side .
the flower decals were still on the side .
mom flipped to the next page , then reached for her scissors and began cutting out a spray of flowers from a breck ad .
tully felt an emotion open up inside her like some exotic flower .
the fantasy flower of love she 'd planted all by herself and tended so carefully .
he stood in the open doorway , carrying a bouquet of flowers that wilted slightly to the left .
he tossed the flowers on a chair and went to his wife .
` ` hey , '' he said , putting the flowers on the coffee table .
familiar photographs filled the screen : diana , walking alone at some event , waving to the crowd , then the image changed to the front gates of one of the castles , where flowers were beginning to pile up in remembrance .
` ` i guess i should have stopped to smell a few of those flowers .
over the years mrs . mularkey had turned the ragged yard into an english - style garden full of flowers .
the shingled house , built in the twenties for a wealthy lumber baron 's weekends , wore a new , crisp coat of caramel - hued stain ; bright glossy white trim outlined the mullioned windows , beneath which were flower boxes filled with the last blooming geraniums of the season .
children can be like flowers , trying to blossom in too small a space .
one minute she was talking to tully , and the next - she was waking up in a dark room that smelled of fresh flowers and disinfectant .
not surprisingly , kate had chosen tully 's favorite flowers rather than her own .
a breeze in his hair , a flower falling in his lap .
flowers grew where they were supposed to ; their blossoms were supersized because of the sun and the sprinklers .
i got a lot of flowers and jewelry , but not ... '' ` ` not what ? ''
i should have told the old prick to go screw himself , but i just stood there , wilting like a flower beneath the punishment of his gaze .
when a vw bus covered in flower decals pulled over , the driver asked me where i was going .
back then , every plant and flower and shrub had grown too tall and spread too wide .
flowers had crowded in on each other like schoolyard bullies fighting for turf .
balloons and dying flowers and candles created a little shrine of sorts .
like the flowers in her yard , marah had spent the long gray months gathering strength , or finding that which had been in her all along .
it reminded him to be careful with her and to treat her as he would a rare flower .
so , over the course of the last year , i ' ve seen lola blossom from a delicate flower into a durable weed !
so , one afternoon i went to her house with flowers and candy .
this morning nat and i open up the store and a little past nine a flower arrangement delivery comes to the store .
and , lastly , sends her expensive flowers with promises when he really just wants to f**k her and leave her broken as a message to me .
ghost and trick are delivering a garbage bag of half dead flowers to uncle jerm right now .
you know , the kind of day were psychopaths send you expensive flower arrangements and your friend across the street ignores you ?
there is another expensive flower arrangement on the counter .
did n't he get the delivery of crushed flowers the last time he tried this ?
without warning i stand , take the flower arrangement , and walk out the door .
` ` then tina gets the flowers , walks out of the store and throws it into oncoming traffic .
he nods to the flowers .
i ca n't believe you have the nerve to come back here after what you did to my sister , carrying a bunch of flowers , no less . ''
the flowers he holds drop to his side , his eyes narrow at nina and he spits , ` ` mind your f**king business , bitch . ''
she likes the soft flowers , not the oriental flowers . ''
she likes the soft flowers , not the oriental flowers . ''
running a hand through his hair , he goes on , ` ` so i ask her why she buys the oriental flower shit and she says because she liked it at the supermarket but not when she used it on the clothes .
she says into my chest , ` ` flowers help . ''
as soon as i step outside , i ask aunt faith , ` ` where can i buy some kickass flowers ? ''
standing in front of nat 's door holding a bunch of flowers that she 's probably going to throw away , five minutes have passed and i still have n't got the balls to knock .
fuck you and your flowers ! ''
coming over here with flowers after the whole sorry i dumped you and tried to choke you to prove a point then went missing for four days but i ' m back now thing .
i regret ruining the flowers .
my bed is covered in flowers .
the same flowers in the bunch i used to mess up ash with .
shaking my head in doubt , i flip my covers over , step onto the floor only to come into contact with more flowers .
i look down and the entire floor is covered with flowers .
just how many flowers did the ass buy ?
i step onto my carpet of flowers and follow it down that hall , laughing all the way .
i smile at the thought of him running around in socks , arranging flowers .
i tip out my bowl of tulips onto the counter to join their flower friends and move to the sofa .
not answering my question , he asks , ` ` did you like the flowers , girl ? ''
rolling my eyes to stop myself from crying , i turn my back on him and answer with a sweep of my hand across my flower themed apartment , ` ` who would n't ? ''
playing with the flowers on the counter , he looks up at me and says , ` ` you know the first part of this story so i ' m going to skip ahead , past the bullshit and get to what you need to hear , okay ? ''
taking both flowers out of my hand , he says quietly , ` ` see , babe , they were n't you . ''
smiling like the fool i am , holding my fifteen dollar bunch of plastic flowers , i bounce on the spot and almost shriek , ` ` yeah ! ''
you forgot about the flowers , huh ?
on the back of the cross , a dragon wreathed in flowers had been carved into the gold .
one of them was a silk dress from tasha , red and embroidered with flowers .
it was a long , asian - style dress with flowers embroidered into the silk .
sighing , i picked up the fragrant flowers without even looking at the attached card .
you 're so beautiful there , like a flower unfolding just for me .
i can see the wetness glistening on you , like morning dew on flower petals . ''
flowers and trees abounded , as did sunshine , and serena drew a deep breath of the cool , clean air into her lungs .
the bench she had been sitting on minutes before was crushed , as was one of the huge wood planters filled with flowers that the matthias corporation took care of .
he held out the flowers he 'd bought her at the hospital gift shop .
he dropped the flowers on the bed as he reached for her hands .
he fell in love with her afterward and married her , transforming her into the goddess of flowers . ''
he placed flowers in front of the stone , his mouth moving as if he were whispering .
he refused to even entertain the notion of spending the night inside her small dorm room , but he 'd drop in on occasion with flowers or food , and they would picnic on the floor .
it was a small condolence card , the kind one would send with flowers : i ' m so sorry for your loss .
he had misunderstood her flowers and card .
i sent a card with some flowers , and gabriel saw them , but he had no idea why i sent them . ''
` ` i ' ve tried a second time with the flowers .
with a quick look over her shoulder to be sure she was n't being watched , julia removed the card that was nestled among the flowers .
he reached behind her to place the groceries and flowers on the breakfast bar .
` ` they 're my favorite flower , '' she remarked shyly , more to herself than to him .
taking the flowers and her coffee with her , she went to the dining room .
when julia returned to her apartment , she eagerly searched the now hibernating flower bed for any fragments of gabriel 's card .
gabriel removed the flower and tied it to her wrist a little too com - petently , winding the white satin ribbon around her in an elaborate weave .
the decor was the same , minus the fresh flowers grace loved to display in a large vase on one of the side tables .
he 's supposed to buy flowers after a fight .
` ` we sent flowers to the hospital . ''
the fragrant flowers perfumed the air , and julia placed a few sprigs between the sheets of their bed .
then she wrapped her fingers around him and ... and his morning erection withered in her hand like a dead flower .
a fanciful area rug that featured flowers in pink , yellow , and green pastels covered the oak floorboards .
they probably get phone calls that do n't include an apology and flowers instead of being left behind like discarded trash . ''
and those flowers !
bridget straightened her cardigan so the embroidered flower did n't end up poised over her left breast like some kind of weird nipple .
she mirrored her friend 's posture , except the stupid flower poked her in the breast .
lifting her chin , her gaze landed on the flower guy .
written in pretty calligraphy was a short message that might not have told why the flowers were sent but definitely who had sent them .
and he really had n't had a reason for sending her flowers other than ... he 'd wanted to .
glad you liked the flowers .
her ex had sent her flowers once , and they 'd been the kind that came in a box .
` ` beautiful flowers for a beautiful woman . ''
elizabeth complained as another obnoxiously large display of flowers was carried into the sitting room .
she deliberately kept her gaze diverted from the gorgeous and obviously costly flower arrangement .
as desire tightened his loins , he sucked in a breath , and was assaulted with the overpowering smell of flowers .
marcus 's gaze lifted from the rugs which were wildly askew and strewn with crushed flowers , to the armoire doors which were flung open and the contents scattered .
physically thrown off balance by his statement , elizabeth reached behind her in an effort to steady herself and instead knocked over several bottles , which crashed to the floor and shattered , filling the room with the cloying scent of flowers and musk .
despite his lack of medical knowledge , it was obvious to marcus that elizabeth was gravely ill . a maid bustled around the room , arranging flowers in an effort to scent the room with something pleasant .
arm 's distance away , simon lounged on the opposite bench , his large frame beautifully covered in cream - colored satin embroidered with flowers in fine gold thread .
tears hung on her lower lashes and then fel to water the flowers that decorated her muslin gown .
and order flowers .
` ` i have delicacies to feed you , '' he murmured , kissing the angry scar on her shoulder , ` ` and flowers to woo you .
he had long suspected that her body resembled the flower she favored , fragrant and sweet as honey upon the lips .
he had never noted the flowers before and was n't certain he liked them .
with a mighty heave , he thrust the cracked rear legs into the flower bed and supported the padded damask back against the manse wall .
as her skin heated with arousal , the scent of some exotic flower intoxicated him and made him drunk with desire .
it was unfair that their love was like a flower destined to grow in the dark , stunted by lack of warmth and sunshine , struggling to survive in the barren soil of their hearts , watered only by tears and the mist of memories .
emma looked out over the large well - maintained lawn and flower beds .
she had n't bought a stand ; she 'd just stuck it in a large , dirt - filled flower pot .
she felt as if she had lain dormant and was bursting to life , like a flower struggling out of winter snows into the light and warmth of spring .
i do n't want hearts and flowers and long walks in the twilight , holding hands .
maybe michelle was a tease , but she gave out all the right signals to bring the men running , like bees to the sweetest flower .
she felt as sexy as he told her she was ; her own sensuality was unfolding like a tender flower under his hands and his low , rough voice .
it had a wide covered front porch framed by curving flower beds that she 'd designed and planted herself .
a wide expanse of lawn took over from the flower beds and ran all the way to the chain link fence .
he rocked gently , enjoying the afternoon breeze that smelled like freshly cut grass and the fragrant flowers stacey had planted around the porch .
he knew she liked flowers and he always brought her some , but he did n't know what her favorite flower was or what her favorite color was .
he knew she liked flowers and he always brought her some , but he did n't know what her favorite flower was or what her favorite color was .
hugh 's mouth dried at the sight , his entire body hardening as her scent , a soft mix of flowers , enveloped his senses .
but then , like a trampled flower , he had watched her regain her strength , rise up again , and fell her opponents with a few words of kindness and regret .
he inquired about you ... seemed quite eager to discover which flowers are your favorites .
he regretted that she had n't had a proper wedding gown , and that her flowers had been hastily picked in the garden , but for some reason , he sensed that she 'd been perfectly happy with that .
` ` some people put flowers on graves , eat turkey at thanksgiving , or cut down trees like these '' - he swept his arm out to indicate the towering spruce - ` ` and drag them into their homes for decoration .
at first i thought a new - age cd was playing ; then i discovered a miniature fountain behind a screen that resembled a swamp shrouded in moss and flowers the shade of the sunset after a hard summer rain .
his eyes wide and glassy with death , he pitched to the side , sagging pitifully , wilting like a flower too long in the sun .
it could use some flowers and feminine objects . ''
lucent chipped and flicked and removed more wax , leaving a red - skinned imprint of his lilac flower painting on my body .
this fake flower i have purchased will do nothing for me .
` ` like flower with delicate petals . ''
nick : then i will show you , little flower .
` ` i can feel the stiffness in your body , little flower . ''
` ` i am yours , little flower .
` ` you are his little flower , da ? ''
` ` you know , we did n't know which one of these girls was yours , because this fancy phone with your number on it was in the blonde 's possession , but we figured out with a little persuasion that it was the flower you were f**king . ''
` ` they have sent the little flower to do the deed ? ''
` ` but you are not like him , eh , little flower ?
and do you know what nikolai does with this old whore , little flower ? ''
he can never be a normal man , little flower .
` ` little flower .
` ` da , henry james writes about a flower in bloom who stands outside of society but is lovely nonetheless . ''
like i am some fragile flower .
the mood at home was always precarious , but on this day when the television ran ads for flowers and chocolates and red foil hearts , love became a weapon in her parents ' careless hands .
he set the flowers on the antique dresser and went into the bathroom , where he undressed and got ready for bed .
so , while emily was picking out flowers , i zipped back into the athenian , and had a few more shots . ''
she wanted to fill jolene 's room with flowers .
michael and mila were holding flowers .
there were enough bouquets to stock a flower shop , and family photographs covered every surface .
they 'd placed flowers on every surface and filled the fridge with her favorite foods .
yellow ribbons fluttered in the breeze - from doorknobs and flower boxes and car antennae .
at the flower - strewn coffin , she stopped , and put her hands out , touching the smooth wood .
dotted along the wall were mementos and flowers and gifts left by loved ones .
her hands were delicate flowers , but it was a misconception that they could n't pack some strength ; in fact , he was convinced she was the only woman he knew who could successfully give a man a black eye .
davina managed to weave some flowers into sara 's hair before pushing her out the door with lady fenton .
she picked a flower next to her and twisted it between her fingers .
he was going insane , because in that moment he even felt jealousy for the tiny flower .
the old nicholas renwick would have laughed in his face ; he was aroused by a flower .
a flower !
he had done and seen it all , yet the way this woman held the particular flower between her hands was enough to inspire him to write sonnets .
she snapped and threw a flower at him .
odd , that in the time he had known her he had become jealous of everything she touched , first the flower and now strawberries ?
it fell into a beautiful train down the back and wrapped snugly around her body in all the right places , then descended into a flowing skirt , making her waist appear as the daintiest of flowers .
she paced around the room excitedly , gazing through the large window and picking up delicate flowers off the bed .
sitting on the blanket covering the long flowers , he sighed .
she pulled a flower out of her hair .
my guess is they are all probably outside fixing their hats and flowers just waiting to knock at the acceptable hour .
stepping away from the food before he made an absolute fool of himself , he ran into sebastian , who then side stepped him and began talking of flowers .
he started with flowers .
i ought to be making a pilgrimage to their graves , bringing flowers , remembering them .
we held hands and ran , handfuls of flower petals raining down on us from the guests - that was a nice touch .
it was hard to believe it was already april , with the little flowers already blooming through the cracks in the sidewalk .
evenly spaced pillars , twined with dead vines , connected the roof to the porch floor , and bunches of drying flowers hung from the white railing .
the sickly - sweet scent of the flowers clogged his nostrils and brought a burst of nausea .
rass was standing in front of the house , holding a bunch of vibrant purple flowers .
kneeling , he replaced the dying flowers with fresh ones .
grief was n't soothed by pretty words or flowers or notes of sympathy .
marian glanced down to her right , seeing the burgundy , purple , and amber smear of her autumn flowers .
with a muttered shit , he half fell , half stumbled down the steps and landed with a thud in the flowers .
no fresh flowers brightened the dresser , no scrap of lace softened the scratched wood of the washstand .
she 's staring at me with clear , green eyes and she 's holding a vase of flowers .
and then i wanted to bring you some flowers because your room seemed a little bare .
` ` thank you for the flowers , '' i tell her , chuckling .
instead , she places the flowers on the dresser , then sits in the chair next to me .
` ` let 's stop and get some flowers , and i 'll show you . ''
i kneel to place my flowers by her name and for the first time in as long as i can remember ; i feel a tear streaking my cheek .
` ` does she have flowers ?
she should have flowers . ''
` ` you do n't have flowers ? ''
` ` i did n't give flowers any thoughts .
but crispen was too fast and was immediately in front of the man , demanding that they go collect flowers for mairin .
crispen burst into the room holding a wad of flowers so tightly that the stems were already limp and the flowers wilting as he flopped them about .
crispen burst into the room holding a wad of flowers so tightly that the stems were already limp and the flowers wilting as he flopped them about .
ewan reached for the other , and she handed her flowers off to maddie before sliding her fingers through his .
sweet - smelling flowers ridded the musty odor of sweat and dirt , and mairin had taken furs from the bed chambers to line the floor in front of the great stone fireplaces .
` ` put the box of lanterns on the table over there beside the flowers , '' trisha instructed me before turning back to tying ribbon from the ceiling .
i was going with willow to pick out bridesmaid dresses , and we were taking larissa with us to find her a flower girl dress .
i ' m going with willow and larissa to pick out bridesmaid dresses and larissa 's flower girl dress . ''
we 'd found a flower girl dress .
there were flowers everywhere , and candles and several different china patterns covering the dining room table .
she would be the flower girl .
i need to go see who has the flower girl .
she 'd added flower beds beneath the lemon and orange trees , as well as a bubbling fountain , and she 'd hung multiple trailing - flower baskets and a swing on the porch .
she 'd added flower beds beneath the lemon and orange trees , as well as a bubbling fountain , and she 'd hung multiple trailing - flower baskets and a swing on the porch .
a massive flower arrangement on the top of the closed grand piano partially obscured renee 's view .
` ` flowers ? ` `
he hefted it in his large hands as he inspected the green leather with the pink flower embossed on one side .
he picked up her green leather wallet with the flower on it .
national brands wants to help any way we can , maybe with flowers for the service . ''
first thing on sarah 's expanded list was making the arrangements for the flowers in the church during the funeral services .
` ` reverend ellis , '' sarah said in her best boston polite voice , ` ` national brands wants to pay for the flowers in the sanctuary .
and since pete whitaker was the sponsor of tulane 's super late model car for many , many years , donating the flowers is our way of showing respect for the man who helped tulane develop into the talented driver he is today . ''
and any flowers you put in the sanctuary on friday will still be there for sunday services , and you have no idea what a pain in the neck lillian can be about flower choices when her gladioli are in bloom . ''
and any flowers you put in the sanctuary on friday will still be there for sunday services , and you have no idea what a pain in the neck lillian can be about flower choices when her gladioli are in bloom . ''
the pink and yellow and purple flowers in miz bray 's yard were real pretty .
the angel let go of a shriek that hurt haley 's ears , and then ... well , then she took after miz bray 's flowers .
when the sorowful angel had finished pulling up all of miz bray 's flowers , the front door to the house opened again .
` ` unfortunately , daddy went after lillian 's flowers , and i doubt the old biddy is in a forgiving mood . ''
she wiped tears from her cheeks and said , ` ` what on earth came over you to attack lillian 's flowers ?
i sure do n't remember tearing up any flowers .
i admire lillian 's glads , and those flowers deserved better . ''
but it was n't aunt rocky who tore up miz bray 's flowers .
haley had n't told anyone that it was the angel who messed up miz bray 's flowers .
she was dressed all in green and pink , and she looked like a little imp with flowers in her hair and carrying a wicker basket filled with pink rose petals .
but last summer when lillian bray said something ugly to my little sister , granddaddy kind of lost it and tore up miz bray 's flower bed .
a flower , god , who knew ?
she walked up onto the altar , and the angel embraced her , and then they were gone , leaving behind lillian fussing with her flowers , and millie and thelma polishing brass , and clay playing the organ like a virtuoso .
the lady with the dark hair and the flowers on her jacket told everyone that mom was planning to move to this stupid town .
and then savannah put the bouquet of bright pink flowers that bill brought right in the middle of the table .
in fact , she did n't even know those flowers had been camellias .
she took his flowers and led him to her table .
food , flowers , decorations , even musicians ...
` ` it 's nice out , ' said abe amiably , looking around at the trees and flowers as though the three of them were on a nature walk through court .
i 'd noticed trees and flowers earlier but only now realized we were in the church 's courtyard -- the way it had been before abe 's assault .
baskets thick with white flowers i did n't know the names of hung from the roof , and blue morning glories climbed up a trellis .
ms . karp watering pots of flowers in her classroom , flowers that seemed to grow impossibly fast and tall .
ms . karp watering pots of flowers in her classroom , flowers that seemed to grow impossibly fast and tall .
and now , even deprived of spirit and possessed by evil , sonya karp was still tending her flowers .
the flowers in the front had merely been the warm - up act .
more roses , magnolia and apple trees , irises , and a billion other flowers i did n't recognize .
` ` can i see my flowers ? '
` ` can i go outside and see my flowers ? '
` ` why did you grow flowers when you were ... like you were ? '
` ` i ' ve always grown flowers . '
i 'd always grown flowers .
she walked around her yard , examining every plant and flower .
he says you are like a flower in the middle of a thorn bush : not your fault you are there ; and almost impossible to save . ''
she 'd even repainted the walls white , with what looked like a flower stencil near the baseboards .
she was n't a flower in a thorn bush anymore .
jake asked , perhaps noting the swing that hung from the porch and the flower pots that lined the stairs .
he said , ` ` whatever you do , do n't send her flowers .
jake was seated on the flower print couch when lil returned to the living room .
elegantly dressed staff met them as they entered the area and led them to a sole table set up at one end of the courtyard , hidden from public view by flowers but positioned so that once seated they would still have an incredible view of the area .
` ` i heard you hate flowers .
the father said , ` ` you certainly picked a beautiful flower for your garden , rachid . ''
throw the flowers in my face .
his face had reddened a bit as he said , ` ` it was easier than flowers . ''
` ` she has a standing order for a weekly delivery of a bouquet of flowers native to brazil , but she states that she wants it to be different each week . ''
jeremy took her by the hand and said , ` ` do n't worry about the flowers .
with that she threw the bouquet of flowers over her shoulder and into her apartment with abandon .
jeremy stepped inside the helicopter and moved flowers off an additional seat on the opposite side .
` ` some people send flowers , '' abby said sarcastically , then stopped herself .
i want flowers .
run for flowers . ''
` ` colby , you 're the flower girl .
you walk in first and throw the flowers .
` ` just set the flowers along the edge of the stage , lena . ''
but the flowers came over from sacred heart . ''
he should have wine and flowers and all the things women loved .
i opened it - the bluish gel smelled like flowers and rubbing alcohol , like a fancy hair salon .
she and the colonel had been celebrating a lot the past couple days , and i did n't feel up to climbing strawberry hill , so i sat and munched on pretzels while alaska and the colonel drank wine from paper cups with flowers on them .
and they 's flowers .
she put it behind her ear , and when i asked her about it , she told me that her parents always put white flowers in her hair when she was little .
maybe she wanted to die with white flowers . ''
here 's what you need to know : he gave her those flowers , like we thought .
she laughed , and i felt so tired , but someone had dragged the bench away from the pay phone , so i sat my bony butt down on the hard concrete , pulling the silver cord of the phone taut and preparing for a serious soliloquy from my mom , and then down below all the other notes and scribbles , i saw a drawing of a flower .
she was always doodling those flowers . ''
` ` maybe , '' he said , still staring at the flower , trying perhaps to see it as she had .
sixty - nine days after a week after the discovery of the doodled flower , i 'd resigned myself to its insignificance - i was n't banzan in the meat market after all - and as the maples around campus began to hint of resurrection and the maintenance crew began mowing the grass in the dorm circle again , it seemed to me we had finally lost her .
jake calls , and she talks to him , and she 's doodling , and she looks at her white flower , and ' oh god my mom liked white flowers and put them in my hair when i was little , ' and then she flips out .
she comes back into her room and starts screaming at us that she forgot - forgot about her mom , of course - so she takes the flowers , drives off campus , on her way to - what ? ''
takumi nods slowly , thinking , and then says , ` ` or , she gets into the car with the flowers .
she told me that her mother was dead eight years that day , and that she always put flowers on her mother 's grave on the anniversary , but she forgot that year .
she was out there looking for flowers , but it was too early - too wintry .
i just thought she was looking for flowers .
some criminals came to their end at tyburn in glory , accompanied by fiddlers and flowers ; not sodomites .
had one of them sent me such a note , i should merely have waited for a day or two , in order to allow her to regain her composure , then come round to call with an armful of flowers , and all would be well . ''
there was a bowl of flowers on the table .
an odd thing to find in a hunting lodge , but von namtzen loved flowers - or had used to .
the smell of brandy rose sweet and stinging in his nose , a counterpoint to the clean , bitter scent of the flowers .
rubbing a sleeve over his face , he drew a deep breath of the heavy air , and smelled flowers .
he ran , seeing from the corner of his eye the woman 's skirt , belled like a flower , floating in the water .
a lady 's maid had no business to be there , but the flower beds were nearby , and she had a bouquet of daffodils in one hand .
he meant to go by without acknowledgment , but she stepped into his path , playfully brushing the flowers across his chest .
the polished wood floor echoed under his tread and the air smelled of hearth ash , books , and flowers .
` ` your tongue blooms with flowers , '' lally said - or jamie thought that was what he said , and smiled back .
` ` i hoped to inquire after the gentleman 's welfare , but i see he 's quite himself again , may god set a flower on his head . ''
these perked up , vibrating with interest , and he bent his attention to the paper , eyes flicking from line to line like a hummingbird in a flower patch .
he half - ran , half - hobbled straight through the formal garden , trampling roses and flower beds .
she adored choosing flowers for their perfume and color .
she smelled like flowers mixed with sunshine .
she examined the rattan ceiling fan , colorful shaggy rug , spray of side - table flowers and a frangipani - print quilt with a mountain of matching pillows .
cole remembered giving garden flowers to his mother when he was around that age .
might be more the norm , but , to his mind , the giving of flowers in new relationships was too personal .
the boy was heading off again with that sleeping flower still protected in the cup of his hands .
when taryn opened her eyes , her gaze landed on an item lying on the main table - a flower .
had cole brought this flower home for her this morning ?
would he present her with the gorgeous flower now ?
` ` i ' ve thought about organizing to have flowers put on her grave each anniversary of her death , but i ca n't bear to think of them sitting there , week after week , all withered and brown .
winding a finger through a lock of hair that had fallen over his brow , she said , ` ` by the way , i like the flower you brought back for me this morning . ''
he did n't give her that flower .
she was a flower kind of girl .
but believing that he 'd brought a flower back here for her ... a simple thought like that would have meant so much .
he saw that flower lying there .
she was arranging the flowers in her favorite vase , thinking about dicing some vitamin - rich food for the lactating mother , when a knock sounded on the door .
she only wanted him to vanish so she could go back to arranging flowers and forgetting that man ever existed .
a flower blew under the next table - a large red bloom that looked much like the one she admired on that island .
about to lean over and collect that flower , taryn tipped back as cake and berries arrived .
when she opened her eyes , that flower was sitting on the table in front of her as if placed there by magic .
her gaze dropping to that flower , taryn felt her thoughts begin to spin .
and not just any bunch of flowers .
she was ready to swing around and hand these flowers back to the person who had obviously arranged for them to arrive , when another deliveryman strode up , and another .
and the men and flowers kept coming .
given all those flowers , she warned him , ` ` i do n't think there 's any room on that boat left for us . ''
the notecard attached to the vase of flowers said , ` ` state flower of tennessee . ''
the notecard attached to the vase of flowers said , ` ` state flower of tennessee . ''
like a flower turning toward the sun , she shifted toward him , fitting herself more firmly against him .
nick was her flower girl .
shea set nick on her feet and got the basket of rose petals from the top of the closet , where they 'd put it to keep nick from scattering the flowers around the room .
` ` do the flowers just the way you did them last night , okay ?
nick nodded , her slanted blue eyes wide and shining with excitement , and she clutched the flower basket with both hands .
` ` i did n't think she was ever going to get rid of those damn flower petals . ''
` ` as in flower child , '' added the captain , who had been in the group watching the monitors .
he 'd brought me flowers , apologetic and tired .
` ` do you still have my flowers ? ''
` ` you brought her flowers too ?
and here i thought my flowers were special !
` ` that person who brings you flowers and pretends to enjoy going to the zoo is manufactured .
sweaty and trembling , i swept gabriel 's flowers into the trash before grabbing my work clothes .
the courting had been al hearts and flowers , leading to a child 's light fluffy dream of happy - ever - afters .
she said you cal ed her that because she was a fragile flower , beautiful and sweet smel ing . ''
' we do n't have flowers any more .
it 's a flower ! '
' a daisy is a flower . '
the flower is from him , too . '
' i saw a patch of wild flowers by my house .
his private conference room provided a business atmosphere , and the bouquet of fresh flowers his secretary had placed in the center of the table offered a personal touch amongst the plush wine carpeting , the rich gleam of cherry wood , and buttery leather chairs .
the fresh , clean scent of flowers and soap teasing his nostrils .
some guy dressed in black spouted into a microphone about the correlation between flowers and death , and the scent of cafe mochas rose to his nostrils .
` ` you can buy me flowers if you want , but i ' m not getting rid of the car .
he held a bouquet of freshly picked flowers and a bottle of red wine .
mama conte gave sawyer a noisy kiss , cooed over the flowers , and approached wolfe .
most men treated her so sweetly , as if she was a delicate flower about to break .
` ` we 're going into town to look at flowers .
the group started a countdown , ` ` three ... two ... one ... '' gus tossed the flowers tied in crimson ribbon .
teddy offered her the flowers .
` ` they 're great , but do n't you think you should have left some of the dirt in the flower bed ? ''
for a moment she stared down at the small flower designs stitched into her sandals .
it 's been a long time since flowers have been delivered here .
she began to sort through her mail for a couple of minutes , pretending not to notice the flowers until the newsroom resumed its chaotic patterns .
she read it once more , and this time , instead of putting it back with the flowers , she placed it in her purse for safekeeping .
theresa did n't want to send him flowers or candy , so instead she sent him a light blue oxford shirt she thought would look good with his jeans , along with a couple of cards .
no one had ever sent her flowers .
stacy stayed on the flagstone patio , letting her eyes devour the flower - filled landscape .
but the handwriting was the same as that on the card included with franco 's flowers .
the people of monaco loved their flowers .
gardens and flower boxes abounded .
he 'd shown his generosity in a dozen other ways outside of bed , like the museum and theater tickets that had been delivered to their suite thursday morning , the basket of chocolates yesterday and the flowers today .
her flowers and lemon scent filled his nostrils and her warmth seeped deep inside him .
sure , he 'd agreed to carry out his best - man duties , and he and amelia would have to work together on the jack and jill shower and the wedding - party luncheon , but she 'd bet her trusty camry he would n't be caught dead sampling wedding cake , picking out flowers or choosing bridesmaids ' dresses .
not everyone is looking for hearts and flowers and a husband . ''
he 'd tried sending flowers , chocolate and jewelry , but each gift had been returned to his suite .
amelia fidgeted with the silk wrap of her strapless dress , the flowers in her upswept hair and then her monochromatic bouquet .
` ` you 're into the hearts and flowers and stuff , so ... '' he shrugged .
inhaling the faint flower scent of lindy 's perfume , he released a groan that came from deep within his chest .
she was drawn to rush the way a thirsty flower is to rain .
steve handed her the poinsettia as though he could n't get rid of the flower fast enough .
` ` thank you for the flower , '' she said and set it in the middle of the coffee table .
i brought the flowers and candy because i wanted to contribute something toward dinner . ''
he saw carol stop at a flower stand and buy herself a red rosebud .
she 'd always been fond of flowers , and he was pleased that she treated herself to something special .
gradually she opened to him , like a hothouse flower blossoming in his arms .
a flower blossomed , the bud was lost .
catherine set the vase of pink , red and white carnations next to the flower arrangement royce had brought .
` ` did you see the flowers dad got me and the new cassette player ? ''
her heart quickened at the beauty of the delicate flower , but she knew immediately it could n't , would n't be from royce .
the counters were white with a huge wicker basket of dried flowers decorating the corner .
` ` i can be the flower girl , ca n't i ? ''
` ` a flower girl , '' royce murmured , slowly untangling his arms from around catherine .
the altar was decorated with brilliant red poinsettias , and although royce was n't much into flowers , he was impressed with the traditional christmas flower that crowded every square inch of floor space around the altar .
cheryl exclaimed , pointing out her tall , lanky husband , then waving the small bouquet of flowers she 'd brought as a welcome - home gift .
` ` he ... had his friend send the flowers with the card . ''
during the endless , frustrating nights aboard the atlantis , riley had often dreamed of hannah traipsing toward him in a field of blooming flowers , a wicker basket handle draped over her arm .
before they left , jazmine bought a postcard of the dale chihuly glass flowers displayed on the ceiling of a las vegas casino to send her mother .
not of flowers or perfume , but a distinct womanly scent .
a flower lei was draped around her neck and the sun shone on her gleaming dark hair .
just leave it to a man to let flowers do his talking for him .
if she turned him down , he could always send her flowers .
or maybe he 'd take her to lunch anil send her flowers .
` ` we just waited to see if maybe you were getting a flower delivery from leo . ''
any ordinary middle - aged broad would have taken his flowers and invited him in .
he got into his car and threw the flowers on the passenger seat .
chapter seventeen joey drove back to his hotel , dumped the flowers in the nearest trash bin , and headed for the bar .
so much for staying sober and buying flowers .
barbie 's leg ended up in mrs . jorgen - son 's flower bed and one arm was in the apple tree behind the mastersons ' house .
her parents had been given an exotic flower with incredible potential , and instead of letting her grow in a fertile bed where she could send down roots and expand her abilities , they 'd planted her in a pot that was way too small .
they 'd managed to creep up to the open bedroom window undetected , which was a miracle considering dante had tripped on the brick edging surrounding the flower bed .
just like before , he was swept away to a place he 'd never been , a place where a woman with lips like a tropical flower beckoned him deeper into ecstasy .
yes , there were flowers , but interspersed with roses and carnations were a small calculator , a slide rule , a pair of black - framed glasses , a pocket protector , a clipboard , and a gps .
then benjamin would have to visit and bring me flowers . ''
he really was going to have a word with that little ph.d . ` ` i ' m the candlelight , wine , and flowers type , and you , obviously , are not . ''
` ` we 're not exactly in a candlelight , wine , and flowers situation . ''
i do n't have candles , wine , or flowers . ''
maybe it would substitute for flowers .
but she wanted candlelight , wine , and flowers .
all sex , no hearts and flowers .
flowers would be good , but he could n't figure out any way to add flowers to this scene .
flowers would be good , but he could n't figure out any way to add flowers to this scene .
he flipped through it and found a picture of a mexican woman holding a basket of flowers .
he found a few more pictures that included flowers , so he tore those out , too , and placed them in various spots around the room .
there would be flowers involved , at the very least .
` ` i do n't think the guy 's into hearts and flowers . ''
she pressed her lips into a thin line and sent him a stare that would wither a flower in full bloom .
none of it made sense to her , but then she was supposed to be a delicate little flower of a woman who had no head for such matters even when she was believed to be in her right mind .
she was perched on a flat rock in the midst of the flowers .
the grass was taller here in a small meadow where there was less slate and rock to prevent grass and flowers from growing .
the air smelled like cigarette smoke and fake flowers .
there were gleaming copper pots hanging from a black skeletal thing above the eight - burner stove and fresh flowers in several places around the room .
he lifted up into her touch , straining like a flower toward the sun .
the whole house shook , and somewhere she dropped the flowers .
every plant , every flower , every shrub was placed according to her plan .
she 'd held them in her hands like a fragile flower , thinking they would bloom somehow when she offered them to him ; how naive she 'd been .
she would have done the same thing for a neighbor 's child , and she would have cried as she bought the flowers and placed them here .
she looked down at the flowers by her front door .
in a burst of anger , she scooped up all the flowers and carried them over to the woods behind the garage and threw them into the trees .
` ` why did n't i ask mia what flower she liked ?
part two though nothing can bring back the hour of splendor in the grass , of glory in the flower ; we will grieve not ; rather find strength in what remains behind .
taking one drawing of a butterfly on a flower , she handed it to her nana .
jude stared at the two of them - the husband she 'd loved for so long and practically abandoned and the boy she 'd nurtured like a rare flower for so much of his life and then turned away from .
` ` she was like ... a beautiful , fragile flower .
there were flowers everywhere - blooming in spite of her absence , their colorful blossoms tangling up with one another .
i might wear lace collars and laugh flower petals and pearls .
like a venus flytrap that says i am a delicious flower come taste me and then snap !
it was a mixture of home - baked food , flowers , cleaner and an older musty smell that came from years of wear .
' as were many other gentlemen , if the florist 's shop of flowers that has been delivered to you today is any indication . '
in truth , with all the excitement of the flowers arriving constantly throughout the day , the ride in the park , the encounter with the disagreeable lord litchfield , and then justin 's unexpected arrival a short time ago , ellie had all but forgotten the note she had sent him following dr franklyn 's visit .
he almost recoiled from the overabundance of perfume given off by the multitude of flowers in the room , vases and vases of them , it seemed , on every available surface .
and also , he realised uncomfortably , because it had not so much as occurred to him to send eleanor flowers himself .
even the women whose bodies he availed himself of for however long before he grew tired of them had never received flowers from him .
a pretty and expensive piece of jewellery as a parting gift , perhaps , but never flowers .
for he had no intention of admitting to anyone , not even himself - least of all himself ! -the real emotion that had washed over him when he had first looked upon all those flowers and realised they were tangible proof of the admiration eleanor had received from so many other gentlemen the evening before .
tears of pain and humiliation , at his unkindness about the flowers that had been sent to her today , and which she had so enjoyed receiving .
of course , he had noted that one of those dozens of bouquets of flowers , delivered the day after the ball , could have been sent from endicott , but even so ... justin gave a decisive shake of his head .
in the back of one drawer , she found dozens of recent charge slips for flowers and hotel rooms and lingerie .
multicolored silk flowers sprouted from watering cans at her booted feet , and a rake was slanted against one wall .
last year 's geraniums and lobelia were still in the flower boxes , now a dead , crackly bunch of brown stalks .
` ` it 's a good day to get that flower garden into shape .
do n't think about the flowers ... do n't think about her at all ... ... ` ` nick ?
` ` i knew it was a flower all along .
he started talking , about the weather and flowers and the beautiful day .
they picked their way down the stone path toward the park bench that sat in the midst of the flowers .
they stared in silence at the blooming flowers , and annie knew that , like her , izzy was remembering the day they 'd planted them .
closing her damp fingers around the slim metal disk , she stared blindly at the colorful wash of blooming flowers .
besides , she was going to a place where flowers bloomed all year .
` ` i sent flowers to you every friday . ''
you thought of me long enough to ask your secretary to send flowers every week . ''
when she emerged , she held a picture of her mom 's favorite flower .
sometimes , when she sat beside the incubator , natalie became adrian and adrian became katie , and in those moments , when annie closed her eyes , she could n't see anything except that tiny coffin draped in flowers .
a girl loves to get flowers , that 's what suz ... '' he realized what he was going to say and clamped his mouth shut .
` ` my father wanted me to thank you for the flowers , '' she said .
` ` actually the flowers were for you .
his mouth was eager and she opened to him as naturally as a flower to the sun .
that was just an excuse so he could bring you that pretty flower . ''
` ` i - the flowers are ... '' ` ` a gesture of good faith . ''
valerie and steffie had driven into town to visit the petal pusher , the local flower shop .
valerie angled the car into the slot closest to the flower shop .
an hour later , at the same moment as steffie and valerie were leaving the flower shop , charles happened to step out of the clarion office .
claire 's herb bed was full of leafing greens and sprouting flowers .
i let the cool liquid trickle down my throat and bloom inside my head like a silent flower .
he said nothing , plainly not wishing to make matters worse for lizzie - but he drooped , like a flower deprived of rain .
he was still watching flora macdonald , now accepting a bunch of flowers from one of farquard campbell 's grandchildren , to general applause .
arch found me a lovely place , just by one of they tubs o ' wee flowers , where i could hear and not be trampled . ''
i could taste blood in my mouth , and the stink of unwashed men drowned the scent of flowers from the terrace .
butterflies were rising among the flowers in the dooryard , cabbage whites and sulfur yellows , here and there the great , lazy sail of a late tiger swallowtail out of the shadow of the wood .
he gave me a look , strongly suggesting that he would n't trust me to judge a flower show , but merely gave a louder than usual snort in reply .
she was lying in the salad bed , her skirt flown out like some gigantic , rusty flower blooming amid the young lettuces .
undoing the twist of paper , he found himself holding a large brooch in the shape of a bunch of flowers , done in garnets and silver .
122 the guardian it was november ; there were no flowers .
her wee privates looked like a flower 's bud , and her skin sae fresh and soft ... ... '' a sense of coldness grew in the pit of my stomach .
he stayed on his knees for a moment , but bowed then forward , like a flower nodding on its stem , so i saw the arrow protruding from the center of his back .
the thick , soft paper , whose fibers showed the faint stains of what had once been flowers .
without the raw scars of recent graves or the flags of plastic flowers as testimony to still - fresh grief , the kirkyard breathed only the peace of the long - dead .
he 'd glared at me for a moment , picked up a vase of flowers from my bedside table , and smashed it on the floor .
anne herself and the small sheaf of hothouse flowers laid at her feet , while his thoughts worked behind an expressionless face .
she was small , fine - boned but nicely rounded in figure , with dark , shiny , unpowdered hair and the most extraordinary white skin , flushed across the cheeks with a clear deep pink that made her look exactly like a flower petal .
home at last after a hot , jolting ride through streets that smelled of flowers and open sewers , i shed my heavy dress and its uncomfortable frame in favor of a silk dressing gown .
` ` at least ye smelt like a woman , not a damn flower garden .
her arm trembled under my hand , and the peony lips were blanched and pinched as a frostbitten flower .
at first , i had the impression that there was nothing in the small room but a large harpsichord , made of gleaming , polished walnut , and decorated with small , hand - painted flowers sprouting from a twisting vine that ran along the sounding board above glowing ebony keys .
he 's been following her to and fro about the town , drooping like a wilted flower because he knows she 's to we d marigny . ''
he was looking down , fiddling with a tiny flower that sprang out of the grass .
he lowered the spiky bunch of leaves and brushed the flower heads lightly across one breast .
he was dressed this morning with even more lavishness than usual , bewigged and wearing a new cream - colored silk waistcoat , embroidered with flowers .
` ` well , he 's no the flower o ' gallantry , '' jamie agreed .
the table at my side lacked anything useful in the way of letter openers or blunt objects , but i hastily picked up a vase , and buried my face in the mass of hothouse flowers it held .
i kept my nose in the flowers , speaking distractedly into a peony .
i sneezed , and put the flowers down .
she was curled on her side , delicate skin flushed with sleep , so that she looked like a hothouse flower in full bloom , thumb tucked securely in the soft pink recesses of her mouth .
it was a small , clean sound , like the snapping of a flower 's stem .
` ` a green - fingered lady might just be tendin ' her roses , but a lady whose hands smell of sassafras root and jesuit bark is like to know more than how to make flowers bloom .
his serviceable coat had not only been brushed , but improved by the application of a set of silver - gilt buttons , each delicately engraved with a small flower in the center .
among the scents of brandy and cigar smoke , i could smell the night on him , and the faint musky spice of nicotiana ; he had been walking , then , amid the flowers in the garden .
at one side of the flower beds stood a miniature building , made of white marble - a mausoleum of some kind , i thought .
dinner had been ordered ; i could smell brief tantalizing whiffs of roasting meat from the cookhouse , borne on the evening breeze that wafted across the lawns and flower beds .
rollo was whining , staring out into the shadowy flower border and twitching his thick ruff with unease .
` ` to hell with the red flower , '' i muttered .
he could smell her , the minglings of shampoo and soap and powder , the smell of her flesh masked by the ghosts of flowers .
this stood on my writing table across the room , composing a cozily domestic still life with a clay jug filled with flowers and my casebook .
he reached for his sporran , and sorted through the proliferation of small items in it , coming up eventually with the small cloth bag that held the dried mixture of leaves and flowers claire had given him .
surely if he went inside , mrs . dunvegan , the minister 's wife , would be setting out flowers in the chancel , ready for the sunday service .
her hair still smelled faintly of grass , though no longer of artificial flowers .
he approached his own duty with mingled excitement and caution ; he had tried this exactly once , only to be met with a faceful of a feminine hygiene product that smelled like the flowers in his father 's church on sunday - an off - putting idea if ever there was one .
lizzie , washed and wrapped in a blanket , both frail hands round a mug of pungent liquid , looking like a steppedon flower newly watered .
` ` look for flowers . ''
` ` come morning , the bees will come out , look around , and venture out for the nearest flowers . ''
she had half turned , her arm along the back of the love seat , and was looking out through the french doors , over the burgeoning spread of the spring flower beds below .
` ` but maisie loved the light in the fields and the birds of the glen ... '' the light faded gradually from the room , and the smell of sun - warmed flowers was replaced by the damp green smell of the willows by the river , and the faint scent of woodsmoke from the cookhouse .
spiced ham and turkey hash sizzled pleasantly on the griddle , adding their aromas to the softer morning scents of damp grass and summer flowers that came through the open window .
perhaps now you 'll stop putting flowers in my books . ''
i worked contentedly through the morning , planting garlic , pinching back dead flower heads , digging out weeds and carrying on the gardener 's never - ending battle against snails , slugs , and similar pests .
and here , with nothing but cloves of garlic and yarrow flowers to treat it with ... . my gaze met dougal 's as he also looked down at the hideous wound .
she left me the looking glass , and departed , remarking that it was so lucky to be married in summer , was n't it , as i 'd have plenty of flowers for my hair .
when i got my eyes open , i saw that my small chamber now resembled a tube station , with faces wall - to - wall : ned gowan , murtagh , the innkeeper , the innkeeper 's wife , and a lanky young man , who turned out to be the innkeeper 's son , with his arms full of assorted flowers , which accounted for the scents in my dream .
rainwater filled the deeper pits , and thistle and tansy and meadowsweet surrounded these tarns with thick growth , the flowers reflected in the still water .
consciousness fragmented into a number of small separate sensations : the roughness of the linen pillow , nubbled with embroidered flowers ; the oily reek of the lamp , mingled with the fainter scent of roast beef and ale and the still fainter wisps of freshness from the wilting flowers in the glass ; the cool timber of the wall against my left foot , the firm hands on my hips .
consciousness fragmented into a number of small separate sensations : the roughness of the linen pillow , nubbled with embroidered flowers ; the oily reek of the lamp , mingled with the fainter scent of roast beef and ale and the still fainter wisps of freshness from the wilting flowers in the glass ; the cool timber of the wall against my left foot , the firm hands on my hips .
there was one flower in the bouquet , a crushed primrose , whose thorny stem had pricked my thumb .
` ` ye 'd think ' t was may day , and the lads and lassies all out gatherin ' flowers in the wood , not the dead o ' winter and snow comin ' on ! ''
seizing one corner of the blanket , he unrolled it carefully , and a limp , nak*d figure flopped out onto the pink and yellow flowers of lady annabelle macrannoch 's pride and joy .
the seats , ornately carved with angels , flowers , and demons , folded up against the wooden panels of the backing to allow easy passage in and out .
it had wee flowers all along one edge , that she 'd made ; she was a good hand wi ' a needle . ''
not a hothouse flower , this daughter of leoch , despite her surroundings .
roger nodded back , swallowed to clear his throat , and began to sing softly from the darkness , the opening to the song jamie had wanted to finish the proceedings- '' the flower of scotland . ''
` ` oh , flower of scotland , when will we see your like again ?
i glanced toward the terrace ; a swarm of well - wishers surrounded duncan like bees round a flower patch .
the brick - walled kitchen garden was near to the cookhouse , but a good three hundred yards from the main house , and separated from it by a rhododendron hedge , and several flower beds .
the small room was windowless and dark , smelling of starch and burnt hair and the faint flower fragrance of jocasta 's toilet water .
the reassurance i understood at once ; the scent of blood and flowers had been replaced by one of shaving soap and body - warmed linen , and the pale gold light streaming through the window shone on the pillow beside me , where a long red - gold hair glinted in the hollow left by someone 's head .
the moths came to the trumpet flowers , soft things drifting out of the wood in mottled shades of white and gray and black .
the trees in the mountains were barely beginning to leaf out , but in wilmington , flowers were already glowing in the gardens , spikes of yellow columbine and blue larkspur nodding over the tidy fences on beaufort street .
it would take more than flowers .
obviously the flowers had been susan 's idea .
he felt foolish now , stopping to pick up some flowers on the way .
he carried the flowers into the living - dining area .
hurrying down the steps and across the front walk , aundy was grateful for the fence around the yard that kept the sheep away from the flowers she 'd carefully weeded .
` ` he might make a mess of your flower beds or yard , '' nik said , shaking his head .
` ` thank you , mr . nash , '' aundy said , feeling warmth fill her cheeks at garrett 's intense study of the flower on top of her head to the toes of her ivory shoes .
i worried someone might be in here and was going to run around to the kitchen door when i tripped over that pot of flowers you have by the chairs out front .
` ` at least he wo n't make the flowers wilt with his stench . ''
since it was late spring and nora 's yard was full of beautiful flowers bursting with vibrant blooms , aundy and garrett decided to get married at nash 's folly .
her mamma always said he could charm the flowers into bloom if he set his mind to it .
the hours were packed with a blur of images - their private tour of the louvre , a candlelit dinner at the eiffel tower , an early morning visit to notre dame , cafe au lait sipped at a sidewalk cafe , an afternoon stroll past brilliant flower stalls and fruit markets , and an evening boat ride on the seine .
he stood in the hall holding a bottle of wine and a bouquet of flowers .
as she found a vase for the flowers and filled it with water , she thought about her abysmal behavior in the lovemaking department .
flowers bloomed prettily in the spring sun , a pink , red and gold rainbow of petals .
as the scenery whizzed past , i saw a few scattered flower patches and multiple gas stations before the entire landscape was consumed by pine trees .
there were more gnats here , but the air was cleaner , fresher than in the city , and layered with the scents of flowers and honey .
he rested his forehead against hers and breathed in her scent of soft flowers .
golden hair flowed across the arm he used to hold her close , hair that smelled of flowers and hard sex , a potent combination that stirred him deep inside .
he was about to give up for the evening when the image of a flower caught his eye .
her profile layout was simple - lavender , with a sprig of pastel flowers splashed into the upper corner .
holding her hand i led her outside and down the stairs of the back porch until we were in the flower garden located in the far corner of miranda 's yard .
stupid flowers .
wyatt 's grave was still fresh and covered in flowers .
a few were starting to wilt but for the most part the flowers were all still as lovely as they had been at his funeral .
` ` there 's the one i sent , '' miranda 's voice broke as we sat down and stared at the flower arrangements in front of us .
both leif and i grabbed her before she could topple face first into the fresh dirt and flowers .
miranda was like a fragile flower .
` ` the flowers you send weekly are lovely , '' she said automatically , although she thought it a shame for such beautiful living things to be cut away from their source of nourishment .
` ` they make certain a man learns of their favorite flower or color or important dates , then wait to see if he will remember and gift them accordingly . ''
he took the flowers from my hands and whisked them to the kitchen , fil ing a vase with water .
he reappeared , vase and flowers in hand , placing them in the middle of the table .
beyond the cocktail dresses , the twinkling lights draped from every tree and light post , and the smel of the freshly cut grass and imported flowers my mother insisted on , his eyes flickered in my memory .
` ` he brought me flowers and there were candles everywhere .
the tie , the flowers , the empty restaurant ... the secrecy . ''
it just occurred to me that these flowers had also been sent to me before our relationship ; on birthdays , my high school graduation , and i remember feeling comforted by a wreath at my father 's funeral bearing the same flowers .
it just occurred to me that these flowers had also been sent to me before our relationship ; on birthdays , my high school graduation , and i remember feeling comforted by a wreath at my father 's funeral bearing the same flowers .
if i liked the flowers ?
when riley talked to melanie this morning , he told her to tell me that remington hoped i liked my flowers , and that he wants me to send the link of the song i told him about yesterday by text .
mel added a little cashmere sweater to hers and a flower to her gray - and - white wig , while my blond wig has an alice - in - wonderland black headband holding the hair in place .
i despise being treated like an imbecilic , weakling , delicate little flower .
` ` do n't treat me like a flower , riley .
the rest of her is fresh and natural as a flower , but not even flowers smell as f**king good as her .
the rest of her is fresh and natural as a flower , but not even flowers smell as f**king good as her .
up front , flowers line up against the wall beneath a massive cross that seems to watch over the churchgoers .
i quietly ask , directing my question to remington as i remember all the flowers he made them bring me , and i feel queasy and excited again .
she clamped against him for a moment , but then , like a moist , warm flower , her lips parted to take his tongue .
it was good to be clean again and to smell of flowers instead of horses and leather .
it was the patron and he was bearing a bouquet of hothouse flowers .
let elena enjoy the flowers .
' perhaps we should ask concha to find a container for those flowers .
' thank you so much for the beautiful flowers .
pools of light from the ballroom windows illuminated the flower beds and part of the lawn below .
' you are the flower of courtesy , ' replied harry .
` ` if you wanted flowers , you should ' ve just asked for them .
` ` i do n't see any flowers . ''
he could crush her in an instant , yet he held her with the gentleness of someone who had just been handed the most fragile flower in the world .
flowers , like she had seen in the palace flowed over people 's walkways , their petals shining from the drops of rain .
but she 'd blossomed like a flower into a beautiful young woman , and he hated that no one had told her that .
with the wash taken care of , carol ventured into the backyard , surveying her neatly edged flower beds .
` ` the garbage should be taken out , and i noticed that the front flower beds should be weeded .
` ` are you going to plant a bunch of silly flowers again ?
the sun was out when carol , dressed in her oldest pair of jeans and a university of oregon sweatshirt , knelt in front of her precious flower beds .
there were several bouquets of fresh flowers in the room and melody bent to an arrangement , inhaling the sweet scent of the blooms .
no flowers remained , nothing .
it was working better than any flowers , gifts , candy or stalking techniques he could ever have employed , because she missed him like crazy .
it was n't so much that she lamented the fact she had no one to send her flowers or give her chocolate or take her out to a candlelit dinner before tumbling her into bed .
` ` she 's freaking out , '' kelsey explained softly , taking the flowers .
above it was a picture that had been there since she was a little girl - a watercolor of a little dark - haired girl in dress and hat and flowing ribbons , holding a basket of flowers .
he nodded and took the gift and flowers from her .
she chatted to her daughter as she carried her around the garden beds and stopped to smell the flowers .
she decided to go sit in the atrium to read among the flowers and plants .
` ` hey , mia , who are the flowers from ? ''
` ` why is he sending you flowers , for god 's sake ? ''
just yesterday a delivery person had brought in a huge arrangement of flowers to la patisserie and embarrassed her in front of everyone by reading the note out loud .
no flowers , no gifts .
the monitor was on , and a screen - saver graphic of time - lapse blooming flowers entertained him while he waited for jamie to come in with the coffee .
the flowers were about as neutral as he was going to get , so he focused on them .
nobody was likely to send her gym socks in a heart - shaped box , let alone candy and flowers .
probably most guys facing a crying woman would run like hell , stand there looking stupid , or go to the nearest roadside stand and buy her flowers .
she could n't fathom how anyone could accidentally leave the lovely flowers behind .
the older woman turned around , crossed the hall , and walked into her apartment with meg 's flowers .
mrs . mahoney had just stolen her valentine 's flowers !
who else would have sent her flowers ?
enjoying your flowers ? ''
` ` i know your neighbor - mrs . mahoney ? -kept the flowers and the candy , so you did n't get to read those notes , '' he said quickly , as if afraid she would n't listen .
he plucked at her ravenously , and then used the tip of his tongue to trace the seam of her clamped lips till she opened up like a flower to his invasion .
he had n't planted any pots of flowers or bought patio furniture or installed a hot tub .
the lush , rich carpet of grass and flowers under their bodies distracted her .
the grass was thick and lush , and flowers were planted in pretty little clumps lining the walkway .
it had a cloying smell , like old flower petals on the verge of decay .
i ' m tired of being treated like some kind of wilting flower .
after the grave had been filled and the multitude of flowers positioned to cover the raw earth , all of the family and a good many others drove back to davencourt .
whenever he was away on a business trip and thought of davencourt , in his mind 's eye he always saw it surrounded by flowers .
lucinda stared out over the perfectly manicured lawn , the flower gardens , the pastures beyond where her beloved horses bent their sleek , muscular necks to graze .
it was like watching a flower bloom .
desperately she wrenched her mouth away from him , her head falling back like a flower too heavy for its fragile stem .
this morning , she had arranged for the flowers and the caterer and the wedding cake .
the flowers he sent weekly were either calla lilies , stargazer lilies , or tulips - her favorites .
` ` i like the flowers . ''
flowers of every color bloomed around me , and the air was heavy with the scent of lilacs and roses .
he gently ran his fingers over one of the flowers ' edges .
he turned from the flowers , a smile on his face .
the moon had shown a full moon with two dogs below it , and the ace of cups had shown a bejeweled chalice filled with flowers .
the flowers , the flirting ... it rolled right off you .
movement caught her eye on the far edge of the flower beds , a shadow sliding into deeper shadow .
there were all these flowers and bushes around our place .
she knew the name of every flower in the garden and she made me pull all the weeds . ''
bypassing security , he had entered a flower shop on his way back from seeing jeff , and left the money for the single perfect rose on the counter to be found by a puzzled employee .
he brushed the velvet flower petals along her tear - wet cheek before laying the rose carefully on the pillow beside her .
it should stop us in our tracks , turn us 180 degrees , give us that slimy feeling we get when we remember that time we accidentally watched flowers in the attic on tv .
basically , being queen of the faeries is 70 percent voyeurism , 30 percent crafting giant flowers to wear on my head .
i love me some flowers in the attic shizz .
one hand was behind his back , and as she mounted the steps , he pulled it around so she could see the gorgeous bouquet of flowers he was holding .
the next thing you know , you 'll be buying her flowers . ''
look , you need to forget this whole idea and find yourself a good guy - someone who 'll bring you flowers and candy . ''
maybe not the kindest tactic i could have employed , but something tells me molly here is n't the dainty flower she wants me to believe she is either .
she burrows her hair into my neck , scented with flowers and vanilla , and her skin burns an erotic hole right through me .
at least buy me a freaking flower before you stick your tongue down my throat . ''
all she wants is a few kind sentiments and flowers and gets neither .
i hand her the flowers and dart back to the truck .
she speeds off to the bedroom to presumably pull off the miracle of ` ` working it , '' and i make use of myself by putting the flowers i bought in a vase .
the flower girl dress i had picked out looked adorable on her ; the flowers in her hair , however , were starting to fall out .
the flower girl dress i had picked out looked adorable on her ; the flowers in her hair , however , were starting to fall out .
smiling , i reached over and straightened one of the wayward flowers in her hair .
ford and bryant would be buried , and she would n't be there to see them one last time , to touch them , to put flowers on their graves .
there were bricks , however , carefully laid to form the border of a flower bed .
i did n't put flowers on them . ''
no flowers , no card .
first a little flower girl appeared .
after all , i was raised by flower children , so even though i ' ve left that life behind , i have n't completely rooted out those woo - woo tendencies . ''
` ` i ' m afraid artistic arrangements and flower vases are out of my area of expertise . ''
grateful for the invitation , he 'd brought a small bouquet of flowers and a bottle of wine .
taking a large bouquet of spring flowers , lorraine visited the cemetery in early may .
she liked nothing better than gardening and had astonishing success with planting just about anything - flowers , vegetables , herbs ... ` ` jackie and tommy will be so excited to see them . ''
after stepping out of the car , he reached for the flowers he 'd brought .
he was under no illusions that the flowers would make things better between them , but he was n't sure what else to do .
molly met her on the porch , took her sweet time smelling the flower bed until she took care of business , then hopped into the passenger seat .
holding the flowers , he started down the corridor , feeling almost disembodied .
he set the flowers on the sill , wishing he had remembered to bring a vase .
he thought about moving the flowers closer , in the hope that she would smell them .
` ` i ' m glad you brought flowers , '' she said , nodding in the direction of the windowsill .
travis remembered the way she looked as she sat on the porch , one hand on her belly , and mentioned that the backyard needed flowers .
buying time , he removed the flowers from the windowsill and brought them to the bed .
knowing richard ( though , of course , she did n't know richard at all ) , he 'd probably send flowers , too .
mike mowed the lawn , trimmed the hedges , and helped her plant impatiens in the flower box .
a richly patterned wallpaper , light yellow and hinting of flowers , and oak crown molding gave the room a sense of richness .
flowers in a vase , a bowl of fruit , window treatments .
i brought flowers to the cemetery . ''
when he did n't respond , she reached over to the window ledge and grabbed a small flower pot .
first , as she always had when coming to this place , she went to the spot where drake had been buried and took a moment to remember him before pulling a few weeds around the headstone and setting the flowers nearby .
noah tried to stop by regularly to leave some flowers ; occasionally he left a note .
we come to the garden , mainly wild flowers , and i stop her .
we resume our walk , me in one hand , the flowers in another .
i opened my eyes and saw a room full of flowers , and their scent motivated me further .
pretty as a flower .
` ` you know it 's against the law to pick flowers on the dunes .
` ` so tell me about the flower . ''
surprisingly , at the same time he was falling in love , a small batch of flowers began to grow right behind his house , flowers never seen before in this area .
surprisingly , at the same time he was falling in love , a small batch of flowers began to grow right behind his house , flowers never seen before in this area .
as his love grew , the flowers continued to spread , and by the end of the summer , they 'd become a beautiful ocean of color .
' this flower is the living symbol of our love , ' she said .
' if the flowers die , then our love will die as well . '
and every year , as the flowers were spread , they fell deeper and deeper in love . ''
part of her wanted to throw the flowers away , another part wanted to keep them .
in the early afternoon a load of pine straw was delivered , and he placed it carefully around the trees , in the flower beds , along the house .
allie had always loved flowers , and noah planted a rose garden in the shape of concentric hearts that was visible from the bedroom window and surrounded a formal , three - tiered fountain .
a reception with food and cake and flowers on every table , where the bride and groom can receive congratulations from those dearest to them .
and there 're flowers , too .
even with the flowers .
there were three large flatbeds crowded with small trees and bushes , while another was loaded with bales of pine straw to spread atop the flower beds , around the trees , and along the fence line .
a bouquet of thirty roses lay on the bed ; on either side of the flowers lay a neatly wrapped box , each with a note attached .
the tables along the far wall that would be used for the food on the weekend seemed to vanish amid the flowers between the chafing dishes .
she absently adjusted the silverware and rotated the vases of flowers , usually returning them to their original position .
it was one of the few open areas in the center of the city , colonial in design , and crisscrossed with curving sidewalks lined with freshly planted flowers .
towering palms and lush ferns bordered winding entry roads ; flowers sprouted everywhere the eye could see .
we took photographs in front of a large garden that used an ingenious system of irrigation to enable the flowers to bloom year - round , and eventually made our way to the upper levels , where we could appreciate the fort 's location from a defensive standpoint .
when the service was over , we stood near the graveside , staring at the flowers covering the coffin .
wraparound porches decorated with hanging flower pots and american flags could n't hide the peeling paint and mold just below the eaves .
someone romantic , of course , the kind of guy who would buy her flowers for no reason at all .
the employees were fine for recommending recent titles and helping students find what they were looking for , but the last time she 'd let one of them decide what books to order , she 'd ended up with six different titles about orchids , since that happened to be the employee 's favorite flower .
city boy and lexie are picking flowers and watching rainbows together .
he offered the flowers .
squatting down , he reset the flowers she must have been carrying in her bag , and he suddenly understood why neither doris nor lexie wanted people trampling through the cemetery .
it was relatively calm and i did n't fire my gun , but that did n't mean i spent my days picking flowers and pining for savannah .
snow melted , flowers came out , and the air began to warm .
they come out here and spend a couple of weekends , and it 's like ... a flower bud slowly blossoming into something beautiful .
the room was crowded with flowers : dozens of bouquets and greeting cards stacked on every available tabletop and ledge .
lilies sprouted amid the wild grass in what once was a flower bed , and sheraised the cup , savoring the aroma as she took a sip .
it was a place with sidewalks andshade trees and flowers that bloomed in the sandy soil .
she loved flowers , and in the spring she would plant bulbs in ceramic flowerpots she placed in theyard .
he bought her flowers andapologized and told her that he loved her and promised it would never happen again , and after she got the castoff , he 'd taken her into boston for a dinner at petroni 's .
in the spring , she always planted flowers in pots and vegetables in a small plot near the back ofthe garage , where the sun was full and strong , unshaded by the maple trees .
after they were married , he often bought flowers from streetvendors on the way home , and erin would put them in a vase on the table along with candles , and the two of themwould have romantic dinners .
26 by late june , the flower gardens in dorchester that had been ablaze with color in the spring were beginning towilt , the blooms turning brown and curling inward .
he bought flowers and set them on the table .
did you get the flowers ? ''
she 'd always reminded him of a delicate flower , so pretty and refined , and he remembered that he 'd saved her from being raped by thugs after she left the casino and how she used totell him that he made her feel safe but even that had n't been enough to keep her from leaving him .
and everywhere , everywhere were flowers on trees , bushes , paths -- it was dazzling .
i was shoveling dirt into a raised flower bed and sweating like crazy .
the fact that he would mail her a toaster told her it was highly unlikely that he would look to win her heart with flowers or jewels .
the flowers became the centerpiece , and the meal was served .
he drank deep , drowning in her taste as the scent of strawberries and flowers swam in his head .
i want to court you with silly flowers , and take you to the movies and share popcorn .
i ended up buying flowers for my room and a set for chadwick , but only because i insisted on paying .
i tucked the flowers under my arm and fiddled with my purse .
there were so many flowers i 'd eventually told the funeral home to start sending them to the hospital .
` ` the dress , the flowers , the pictures .
ruby slid into the seat , heard the satisfying thud of the closing door ; and plucked the card from the flowers .
the place was eerily silent and smelled faintly of flowers .
the thought of opening herself like a rotting flower to her beloved daughter was more than she could bear .
ruby had even replaced the horrid plastic flowers on the table with a fragrant bouquet of roses .
the yard was still a riot of runaway weeds and untended flowers .
finally , mom thumped toward them and gently tugged the flowers out of ruby 's hand .
this one was in a hospital room festooned with balloons and flower bouquets .
maybe they would have talked about ridiculous , girly things like wedding rings and bridesmaids and flower arrangements .
` ` i still ca n't believe you would n't let me fill the church with flowers . ''
caroline , looking as cool and elegant as a water flower ; was in pale ice - blue silk .
but , rather than court her with flowers and bouts of conversation like any other decent gentleman might have done , you rushed in and trapped her .
you really think she 'd be swayed by flowers and poetry ? ''
not a surface remained without a bouquet of flowers upon it - a myriad of scents all clamoring for attention . ''
papa does enjoy the flowers . ''
` ` i 'd picked some flowers for her in the afternoon - violets .
there were flowers not only on every surface but on the floor as well : roses in a wide array of colors , chrysanthemums , lilies , and carnations , all beautifully arranged in bouquets of varying sizes .
with a soft rustle of her skirts , she immediately fled down the hallway and into the dining room , almost grateful to discover that no ostentatious bouquets of flowers had made it that far yet .
leaving mary to look at the flowers , alexandra made her way to the study , where she found ryan waiting for her .
tomorrow he 'd buy some flowers and a ring and make a proper effort to propose .
` ` and flowers too - roses , i believe , a big bouquet of red roses . ''
` ` send flowers . ''
chapter 27 as soon as the hot water hit lyric , she wilted like a flower in a hundred - degree weather .
had anyone ever brought flowers to acknowledge the life , however short it had been ?
the flowers shook in her hands .
` ` i 'll bring you flowers .
slowly she bore down and the tip of his dick spread her , opening her as gently as a flower .
and doubly so because you have brought such a flower of beauty with you . ''
the little seating area where they 'd spoken earlier was empty , but she saw a narrow stone path winding its way between the flowers and shrubs and she took it .
she felt as if she stood out like a vibrant flower in a stark winter garden , her pink dress the only splash of colour in a sea of black .
noelle gazed in bemusement at the rambling house , a riot of flowers climbing over its yellow stone walls .
they would havebeen all the way tothechapel and halfway through the ceremonyat thatpoint , but her motherhad come upwith the brilliantidea thatshe , gunnora and runilda should walkin front of the horse , each carrying a basket of flowers which they would strew before warin 's mount as they led the way to the chapel .
in fact , they wentfrom aslow meander to an almostjog , rushing along , strewing flowers at a slightly frantic speed as warin urged hismounttofollowontheir heels .
diamanda'smouth dropped open , andthey staredat oneanother insilence , both stiff and un - moving ; then the girl drooped like a flower toolong without water .
gerard breathed a deep sigh of satisfaction , an action which inundated his senses with her lush scent of some exotic flower .
she was the first girl he 'd kissed , the first girl he had given flowers to , or wrote poetry about .
every friday the post would come and there would be a letter , written with soft pink parchment and scented of flowers . ''
` ` what color are the flowers in front of our house ? ''
` ` the planters by the street have flowers in them .
` ` what is my favorite flower ?
what were his favorite flowers , color , and tea ?
the soft scent of her perfume mixed with the scents of evening flowers , and he longed to bask in it , roll around a bed in it .
ever since you found out that i was not really a charles , you have been treating me like some sort of hothouse flower that does not have a thought in her head and might expire from the effort should i try to place one in it . ''
we 'd planned the colors of the bridesmaid dresses and the bouquets of flowers she would arrange .
i wanted to thank everyone who had sent her the large flower bouquets lining the church walls , especially the ones with roses .
i had to drop some flowers off at the nursing home , '' sawyer explained .
her hair smelled like some sort of soft flower and before we 'd been interrupted by jake 's stupid demand that we get a room , i 'd been thinking about how i wanted to taste the skin in the curve of her neck .
he would place the flowers on the grave , either early in the morning or late at night , when few people were around .
amanda had once bought tuck a flowering planter to spruce up the place , and it still stood in the corner of the porch , though the flowers had long since withered away .
when he 'd checked in the night before , they 'd informed him that they 'd left the delivery of flowers in his room , and that breakfast was at eight .
after he finished eating , he picked up the flower bouquet he 'd ordered while still in louisiana and had sent to the bed - and - breakfast , then got in his rental car .
he laid the flowers at the base of the headstone and said a short prayer for the family .
` ` i brought flowers to dr . bonner 's grave earlier this morning .
` ` i think flowers are fine , '' she finally said , ` ` as long as you do n't overdo it .
` ` placing flowers at his grave is meaningful , but not invasive . ''
she seemed to be more worried about getting the right kind of flowers for the service and making sure that i called all the relatives .
` ` i wonder if these flowers grow back , or if he had to sow seed every year , '' he mused .
it was out of season , but some of the flowers were still blooming , and though i do n't know why , when i sang our song tears came to my eyes .
but then , when the flowers bloomed , i came out here and wandered among the flowers , and by the time i got home i could see and hear her plain as day .
but then , when the flowers bloomed , i came out here and wandered among the flowers , and by the time i got home i could see and hear her plain as day .
she 's part of the flowers , you see ?
her ashes helped to make the flowers grow , and the more they grew , the more alive she became .
and as long as i kept the flowers going , clara could find a way to come back to me .
scatter my ashes to the wind and flowers , and do n't cry for me .
the ashes took flight , swirling together over the flowers , and as she watched , amanda could n't help thinking that tuck was looking for clara , calling out to her one last time .
he shrugged slightly before turning away , focusing on the flowers again .
i saw her that day when i came back from the cottage , and the more i tended the flowers , the more plainly i could see her .
finally reaching the site , he noticed that the flowers he 'd left on friday morning were still there , but they 'd been moved to the side .
` ` a lot of people put flowers out for david after he died .
for a while , i was the only one bringing them , and then , about four years after he died , i started seeing other flowers again .
` ` and then , this morning , i saw the flowers again .
` ` i wo n't visit or bring flowers again , '' he muttered .
diana had told her they were pictures of greek goddesses : aphrodite , the beautiful but fickle goddess of love ; artemis , the fierce virgin huntress ; hera , the imperious queen of the gods ; athena , the calm gray - eyed goddess of wisdom ; and persephone , who loved flowers and all growing things .
i mean , there were lovely meadows and the sun never set and water so clear you can see miles down to the colorful plant life on the bottom and flowers of every variety you could imagine , but ... do you know they have literal streets of gold ?
it was n't the wild - flower - splashed hills , the sky blue lupines , or the fragrant purple sage .
michael always said it looked like a garden because of the ralph lauren comforter in rose and poppy and gold and dusty blue , and the baskets on the dresser twined with silk flowers .
` ` are those my flowers ? ''
there were fresh flowers in blown - glass stands that reached above jenny 's head when she was sitting down .
` ` take a stroll with me tomorrow and show me where ye found those wee blue flowers in your hair , '' one of the men said , which caused her cheeks to blush a pretty pink .
he had n't bought rachel flowers in a long time .
he was impatient to be gone , and he looked pretty damn stupid standing there clutching a vase of flowers .
ethan caught the snarl before it escaped and set the flowers down on the porch railing .
there were fresh flowers and rachel 's headstone gleamed in the mid - morning sun .
her lungs filled with the fragrance of dozens of different flowers , all planted in boxes and brick planters lining the walkway .
i went downstairs to the tiny windowless gift shop and asked the decrepit volunteer sitting on a stool behind a cash register what kind of flowers smell the strongest .
i nodded , taking the flowers .
if we 'd put them in a vase in the living room , they would have been everyone 's flowers .
i wanted them to be my flowers .
i did n't have a vase or anything , so i took my toothbrush out of my toothbrush holder and filled it halfway with water and left the flowers there in the bathroom .
` ` you were a rare and fragile flower once .
me : ` ` it does not taste like god himself cooked heaven into a series of five dishes which were then served to you accompanied by several luminous balls of fermented , bubbly plasma while actual and literal flower petals floated down all around your canal - side dinner table . ''
i took a step back , watching as the nephews tore through a flower bed on their way to the little patch of grass in gus 's backyard .
adrianna 's obituary had n't listed a cause of death or even an organization to which one could donate in lieu of flowers as a clue .
she forced her eyes away from his mouth and dragged a lungful of the heavily scented night air into her chest , but she could n't identify the flowers she smelled .
forget the candles , flowers and prepared meals he 'd asked cassie to arrange so he and lauryn could play out the love - birds - needing - privacy farce .
an ocean breeze teased her hair , lifting the unbound strands and pulling at the wreath of flowers she wore instead of a veil .
he seemed bent on seducing her with flowers , jewelry and a handful of other small gifts , which she found by her plate , on her pillow , on her desk .
she studied the fresh - cut flower arrangement on the credenza while becky did her thing .
her scent , a combination of her leather riding apparel , the outdoors and a trace of flowers invaded his nostrils and sank heavily to his groin .
she passed by , leaving a hint of flowers in the air .
then jenny lifted a box of odds and ends and saw something like a pressed flower on the hardwood floor underneath .
then she added , ` ` uh , are those dried flowers over the fireplace ?
there were some flowers , but for the most part the ` ` garden '' just looked like weeds and bushes - row after row of overgrown , uncared - for weeds and bushes .
cassie reached out to snap off a fragrant stem of delicate flower buds , then stopped .
she 's not really old and ugly at all , cassie thought , snapping off stems of the creamy flowers .
it showed a slender girl laughing as she picked an armful of flowers .
she held out an armful of mixed flowers to diana .
melanie sat down at diana 's desk as diana came back and began to arrange the flowers .
` ` i want to start to purify this skull properly , with flower essences '' - she looked at laurel - ` ` and other crystals . ''
huge , lush sprawling flowers patterned everything , including a bed heaped with soft cushions and embroidered pillows .
no , not a flower , jenny realized slowly .
the same pink - and - white begonias jenny had noticed before - she always noticed flowers .
four flashlights swept the manicured shrubbery , illuminating nothing more sinister than a clock made of flowers .
she 'd been as light as a flower petal stirred by the wind .
but she was glad : happiness was blossoming like a flower inside her , petals opening frantically .
even summer looked wounded , like a broken - stemmed flower .
like a scientist who finds himself unexpectedly fascinated by a new form of flower .
he set the flower aside on the rolling tray .
she sketched the flower against her cheek , twirling the stem between two fingers .
ashley pivoted away from the windows to the room filled with the beauty and scent of fresh - cut flowers in crystal vases .
even the ocean view and the soothing decor of the guest room 's delft - blue flowers accented with airy stripes did little to lower her stress level .
sebastian kept his hand on her shoulder as they walked along the decorative stepping stones winding around patches of flowers and a stone bird feeder .
sebastian brushed a windswept lock of her hair behind her ear with the flower .
the scent of furniture polish and fresh - cut flowers coated the air thickly .
she lifted the flowers to her nose and inhaled deeply , thrusting her br**sts out none too subtly .
` ` i was just going to leave you an ' eat dirt and die , you scumbag ' message , but since you ' ve apologized so nicely with flowers , '' she lifted the bouquet to her nose briefly , ` ` i 'll forgive you for breaking my heart . ''
it was obvious lucy had expected more out of kyle , from the way she 'd gushed all over the flowers .
phoebe 's flowers , now discarded on the other pillow .
audrey pulled another flower from the centerpiece for herself .
her fingers trailed over the glass paperweight , the one she 'd made from shells and a dried flower , memorializing her baby 's too - brief life .
jonah stood waiting in the archway , his hair slicked back and flowers in his hand .
` ` i do n't know what specific kind of gift you would want that ' speaks ' to your soul , so i had to settle for flowers .
taking the flowers in one hand , she pressed her fingers to his lips with her other .
you know everything about me except- '' she arched up on her toes , the flowers crushed lightly between them ` ` -how very deeply i love you . ''
` ` i brought something else for you besides the flowers . ''
` ` you smell good , like flowers , the purple kind .
although , if the surgery had occurred a few days earlier , she would have been here by herself to face the sterile air of fear and dying flowers .
` ` the flowers look a bit wilted , rev , '' one of his aides said .
anyway , one spring , she planted all these flowers in her garden .
well , he and i snuck out after dark one night and sprayed all those new flowers , do n't ask me why .
and mrs . banderson was out there every day , watering and pulling weeds before she noticed that all her new flowers had started to wilt .
or offer to replace the flowers ? ''
` ` i never killed someone 's flowers , if that 's what you mean .
inside , the walls were painted cheery colors , and a vase of fresh flowers stood on the dining room table .
` ` i had to spend two hours today at the florist 's looking at flower arrangements .
have you ever spent two hours looking at flower arrangements ? ''
they had argued over his request to accompany her to court , which she had adamantly refused , but he remembered her surprise when she found him waiting for her outside the courthouse with a bouquet of flowers .
supposedly , the house had undergone a major transformation in the last couple of weeks : a new , temporary deck had been erected over the pool , tents had been raised , tens of thousands of flowers had been planted , and not only had lights been rented from one of the film studios in wilmington , but the crew had come in and set up everything using stand - ins .
there were flowers everywhere , the hedge was trimmed to perfection , and even the brick - and - stucco wall that surrounded the property had been freshly painted .
there were five or six intricately carved ice sculptures , large enough to hold their form for hours , but what really drew her interest were the flowers : the grounds were a sea of brilliant gladiolus and lilies .
the chairs had been cleared from the temporary deck to create a dance floor , and from her vantage point on the dock , she 'd seen will dance at least twice with the six - year - old flower girl , as well as once with his sister , making ronnie smile .
as they aged , while my father grew closer to his heritage , my mother developed a passion for gardening , and she spent hours pruning flowers in the backyard .
i would have picked you a bouquet of flowers .
or maybe that , but for a freak storm in the irish sea , these might be the flowers and trees of his own childhood .
he should ' ve brought flowers , he thought , then immediately shook his head .
what good did flowers do the dead ?
` ` i did n't bring flowers , '' he murmured .
he stopped by the flower pot and bought a splashy spring arrangement that had amy , who worked the counter , speculating on who the lucky lady might be .
it was too hard to explain - and none of amy 's damn business - that he had flowers and mothers on the brain .
she touched his cheek , then took the offered flowers .
` ` i can never have too many flowers .
she led him back through the kitchen and into the laundry room where , being frannie hawkins , she had a sink for the specific purpose of flower arranging .
they sat at her shaded table , looking out over trim grass and flowing flowers .
figuring joanne barry would appreciate a plant even more than flowers , he found a flowering orchid that fit his bill .
she laughed , and as she took the flowers , the diamond on her finger caught the light and sizzled .
cybil stood out front , in shorts and a tank that showed off long legs and long arms , and watered the pots and baskets of flowers scattered around the entrance .
chapter thirteen he put flowers on his mother 's grave , and she reached up , a slim hand spearing through earth and grass , to take them .
her skirts billowed as she turned , and with his flowers cradled in the crook of her arm , began to walk .
as it flowed over grass , pretty beds of flowers , it began to take shape .
fingers , feet , eyes glowing unearthly green took shape as it crept closer to the pretty house with its generous deck and cheerful flowers raining out of glossy pots .
it smeared blood over the green of the grass , the bright petals of flowers , because it could .
so they ate , as the june afternoon slipped into june evening , with the flowers blooming around them , and the lazy dog - sated with handouts - snoring on the soft green grass .
` ` the kind from the bakery with the icing and the little flowers . ''
she scouted through cal 's gardens for specific flowers and herbs , and continued to snip when gage crossed the lawn to her .
` ` candles , herbs , flowers , words , movements . ''
she stood where she was when he walked away , stood in the moonlight with flowers in her hands , and closed her eyes .
layla crouched to gather up the flowers and herbs .
` ` i stopped by the flower shop yesterday , '' fox told them .
` ` cooking a pretty meal when the mood strikes , arranging flowers , setting an artistic table .
` ` when i ' m not around , will you put flowers out there now and again ?
fire at the school , another in the flower shop , two more residential . ''
i look around , at the shrubbery in the hospital courtyard , at the benches filled with visitors and patients , at the flowers , the grass , at the wide open blue sky above us .
we eat our ice cream curled up on elaborate wrought iron chairs and surrounded by fragrant flowers .
we 're hidden behind flower vines now , a good distance from the house beneath our own little canopy of white flowers .
quinn picks me flowers and i carry them .
tara swiped a hand across her forehead , driving rand 's gaze to the outside thermometer hanging by the back gate in the flower - flooded garden .
` ` stick to the grass and stay out of the flower beds .
but she says you can never have too many balloons or flowers .
she glanced at the window but her own reflection on the darkened glass stared back at her instead of the lush greenery and bright flowers and tomatoes filling the trio of container gardens mitch had sent her .
lucas had taught her to appreciate more than run - of - the - mill shop flowers during their time together , and she adored puttering in the container gardens on her patio .
and , yes , okay , the flowers had been pretty and it had been interesting to actually see them in nature instead of in a vase .
every dried , pressed flower .
and sunlight and flowers and she searched her memory to identify the herb .
she 'd refused the gourmet meals and flowers he 'd had delivered .
she glanced at the card that had been tucked in the massive flower arrangement from lucas 's mother and sisters .
nick was looking at the scrolls and flowers on the upholstery of the couch .
his jaw was tight , and he looked steadily at one particular flower on the upholstery of the couch .
1 i left the bed and donned a robe from the bathroom , a thin , silky flower - print thing that came to my knees .
i ' m not some delicate little flower that 's going to bruise at the slightest touch .
she leaps over the brick fence into the next yard and smashes a row of flowers .
there are flowers around the front of the yard and the grass is green and cut .
it 's black , with a red pattern around the top , but the bottom is shattered out , so it can never hold flowers again .
her toenails are always pink during the summer months , and i recognize the flower design imprinted on her leather sandals ; it 's what mom purchased the last time she signed me out of the bad place and took me to the mall .
two leather recliners face each other , and spider - looking plants - long vines full of white - and - green leaves - hang down from the ceiling to frame the bay window that overlooks a stone birdbath and a garden of colorful flowers .
i kiss her goodbye , and with my hands full of flowers and wine , i walk down the street and across knight 's park to ronnie 's house .
` ` what about some flowers ? ''
` ` how about me , on my knees outside your door holding a bunch of flowers ? ''
with butterflies swishing through my stomach , i climb out of bed and pad my way across the room , through the living room and swing the door open to find jake on his knees outside my door with a huge bouquet of flowers in his hand .
` ` so you bought me flowers by way of an apology . ''
` ` i went out to the flower shop down the street and bought and picked them myself . ''
curling my fingers into his t - shirt , i pull him into the room , shutting the door behind him , and put the flowers down on the table by the door .
jake sends flowers every day .
` ` did you get the flowers i sent yesterday ? ''
simone asked , glancing around at the numerous bouquets of flowers and cards around the room .
` ` apparently , when you 're the fiancee of jake wethers and you 're in a serious car accident , it qualifies you for big - time flowers .
just let me get my flowers . ''
dumping the box on her bedside table and sticking the flowers into the half full plastic water canister that a nurse had left on the over bed table .
he could care for her , seeing to her every need until she turned to him like a flower to the sun .
with this experience , she had moved past blushing euphemisms like girl parts and , ugh , her flower .
it 's a precious flower .
she was n't some delicate flower , but her heart was far more fragile than anyone believed .
she gazed out the window at the mountains in the distance , heavily covered by green everywhere - trees , bushes , soft grass , dotted with a few fledging flowers , all surrounding a lake .
he 'd bought them flowers , trinkets , but never just appreciated the gift they 'd given him .
tears welled in annabelle 's dark eyes as she set the flowers down and reached for kinley 's hand .
` ` who do you think these flowers are from ?
without clothes - even the little bit she 'd been wearing - made her feel so nak*d . she was more aware of the air on her skin , the cool grass at her feet , the perfume of the flowers , of just how alive she could be .
it was engorged with blood , a flower in bloom .
the first week it was up , a dozen flowers appeared on it , single blossoms left by people who remembered .
the accent chairs were ornately gilt ; the fabric was pink and blue flowers .
buttery yellow walls , down - filled sofas , huge picture windows , a wraparound porch overgrown with flowers .
she realized suddenly that she should have brought something , like a bunch of flowers .
when they were alone , lauren took the flowers and put them in a vase .
she was at the swinging door when she realized she had n't taken the flowers from him .
she took the flowers from him , pretended she could smell their scent .
when lauren woke up , her room was filled with flowers .
the scent of flowers lingered in the room .
these were flower shop roses , top quality . ''
said she felt bad that i 'd gone to the expense of sending her flowers , though . ''
not flowers , not arguments , nothing .
drag an irresistible woman into his life , and before he knew it , he was forking out major bucks for dinner and flowers .
this pleasure he felt in doing small things for her - like the dinner and flowers ?
` ` it 'd be nice if he threw in a bouquet of flowers . ''
she 'd done a bit more than suggest what type of flowers to use in the bridal bouquet , however .
she wore the beautiful off - white dress elizabeth manning had insisted on buying her , and leah had woven flowers in her hair .
the hotel would see to everything , from obtaining the license to the music and flowers .
while he was in his office , he ordered flowers for summer with a card that said she 'd made him the happiest man alive .
on some level , she was conscious of cole pounding down the hallway beside her , but she was totally focused on getting to her desk - and the flowers .
when she got closer to her desk and saw the flowers still sitting there in the pretty butterfly vase , she relaxed a little .
but the message on the card had been too cryptic , the flowers too obvious .
` ` anything about flowers at all ? ''
ripping the flowers out of the vase , she dumped them in the trash can next to her desk , then squinted into the murky depths of the vase .
` ` i ca n't trace the flowers . ''
exactly what has been happening to you - besides the flowers ? ''
okay , i ' m not usually such a fragile flower , but i had n't had anything to eat since lunch and the time now had to be ten o'clock or even later , so my blood sugar was probably low .
she worked in her flower garden for a while , and to be on the safe side , i did n't .
i doubted nicole 's murderer was going to drive by mrs . bloodsworth 's house and spot me pulling weeds in her flower garden , but until wyatt sounded the all clear , i was n't taking any chances .
i wo n't even send flowers .
i ' m not ready for a house , i do n't think , because i do n't have time to take care of yards and flower beds and things . ''
because of the age of the house , the landscaping around it was mature and lush , but it was all shrubbery and no flowers , so it would benefit from some color .
it was too late in the season now to plant flowers .
would she like that , or would she be terrified her flowers would get trampled ? ''
there wo n't be any flowers then , and besides , it 'll be too cold to have a garden wedding .
as usual , she smelled like the flowers she spent so much time arranging .
she 'd especially mentioned the large backyard she intended to fill with plants and flowers .
` ` i could easily bend it in and around the flowers . ''
why else would misty care about using rope with flowers ?
the angled wall panels opened and would allow the ocean breeze to carry in the scent of misty 's garden when she got it planted and her flowers bloomed .
i visited his grave for the first time and placed flowers on it .
across the wall seemed to be a pretty little village complete with a library and a church and several houses with white picket fences and flowers growing in front .
i 'll buy you flowers and candy and -- '' ` ` no ! ''
the kind of guy that brings flowers ... '' ` ` i ' ve got just the guy .
` ` and the flowers . ''
` ` okay , we ' ve got a guy giving away his coat and bringing flowers , '' she said , drawing a big number two in the air .
he was wearing a turtleneck , jeans , and an l. l. bean jacket and was holding a bouquet of flowers in front of him .
first his coat , then the flowers .
standing in the hall of her parents ' home , holding tony 's coat in one hand , the flowers in the other , kim could n't help but compare herself to the ghosts that had stood in this very hall twenty years before .
she carefully set the flowers on the entrance table before hanging his coat in the closet .
` ` as a matter of fact , '' she replied , ` ` we 're having my specialty , '' she said , heading to the kitchen to find a vase for her flowers .
first the coat , then the flowers , and finally the sweet comment about her body .
he 'd noticed she used them to decorate the pathway to her door and the edges of her flower beds .
where he walked , flowers bloomed . ''
sometimes he would make flowers bloom just for the hell of it .
once a year , on the anniversary of their first date , her mom sends her flowers out of gratitude that her daughter , the very one she 'd restricted for two whole weeks , had cared enough to find the man of her dreams . ''
you 're not the kind of woman i can send flowers to with a note to say how i feel - you have to be in my arms .
the thought of getting abby flowers before the date party had come to mind , but one bouquet was n't enough .
` ` we went to buy you two flowers , but neither of us thought just one bouquet would do it . ''
she quickly dressed and found the directions in the kitchen along with a beautiful flower that claire suspected jason had pulled from the front flowerbed .
thank you for the flowers that you brought to mom , she really loved them .
he 'd left flowers for robin with the front desk , along with his room number in a note .
rather than search out the garlic the old lady had sent her after , the girl lay in a tangle of weeds and flowers .
he 'd been plucking flowers for her .
` ` they are flowers , '' he announced .
in actuality , they were n't really flowers .
no one had ever picked flowers for her before .
` ` jollivet said that women liked men to pick them flowers . ''
willa managed another nod and buried her face in the limp flowers , inhaling their odd fragrance with a wrinkled nose .
` ` you were doing better with your flowers , my lord , '' she said softly and his gaze shot to her .
the small cottage looked barren without the chairs , the linens , the flowers ... she walked into the room and ran a hand lightly over the rough surface of the table that had been the heart of this home .
all those nights spent lying under the stars choosing the names of our children , the color of our bedroom , the flowers we 'd plant in the pots on our front porch , the summer house we 'd have on the beach , all of that was us ! ''
he was n't interested in hearts and flowers .
the owner swore they 'd never had so much as a flower disturbed in the twenty years he 'd been running the place .
deke blew through a yellow light on the outskirts of houston , then pulled into the parking lot of an extended - stay hotel built like little condos with fresh paint and freshly planted flowers .
deke had no answers - to any of his questions - as he filed up the little brick walkway , past rows of colorful flowers blooming like crazy .
i 'll send her flowers tomorrow and that will be it . ''
but when kimber turned away to find a vase for the flowers , he got a load of the nonexistent back of her blouse - and his need to touch her kicked into overdrive .
she set the flowers on the counter , then turned in his arms , cozying up very close to him - and raising his temperature another twenty degrees .
a few days later , he 'd sent flowers with an apology for any discomfort or pain he might have caused .
splashes of red color in silk flowers and a desk chair .
he 'd left her before dawn and pawned her off with flowers .
after the way he had f**ked her blind , left her , apologized with impersonal flowers , and distanced himself from her again just minutes ago , she could have been a raving bitch .
` ` luc , i ' m not a hothouse flower . ''
fresh flowers circled the cake on the pristine white tablecloth .
she 'd had only to buy a dress off the rack and order flowers .
her perfume bottles were everywhere , most broken , and the room smelled like a horrific mix of flowers and chemicals that nearly made her sick .
the fragile silver , shaped like petals , unfurled around her rosybrown nipple , which now looked like the flower 's lush center .
after that , he 'd done everything he could think of to reassure her - fixing her door , flowers , phone calls .
her yard was small , but she 'd made it her own lush little garden with ivy and delicate flowers in white , gold , and purple .
ben shot a warm look toward his wife , reese , who was standing at one of the tables with her mother , both women busy putting flowers into little vases that 'd been tied with ribbons .
it came up with a desktop picture of a flower .
the head of a double bed , with a faded white comforter covered in little flowers , butted up to the paneled wall .
a large bouquet of fresh flowers sat on a mantel above a stone fireplace .
she wanted to credit the seductive atmosphere - the scent of flowers , the glow of candlelight , the unseasonably warm night .
but the aroma of flowers did nothing for his libido .
the scent of crushed flowers filled the air as roarke struggled to hold his own and keep the wolves busy so abby and donald could escape .
beeswax tapers cast a mellow glow over the dark paneled walls , and flowers graced the center of the table and the sideboards , as well .
fish , vegetables , flowers , new age products , antiques , crafts - luna was on sensory overload .
he 'd noticed the way she 'd gazed longingly at the flower stalls , and this was the kind of day that called for a romantic gesture .
he still was n't sure if he 'd done something good or something bad by giving her the flowers , but her kiss seemed to be saying he 'd done something good .
` ` no one 's ever given me flowers before . ''
` ` we ' ve had bouquets of flowers from the garden all around whittier house , but that 's not the same as having someone buy them just for m - me .
` ` a flower virgin , too . ''
all the way to the hotel , luna kept looking at her flowers .
every time she thought of colin rushing out to buy flowers for her , she choked up .
but she was n't the type to tear up over a bouquet of flowers and a misplaced endearment .
` ` i felt a little funny checking in with only two shopping bags full of clothes , a bouquet of flowers , and a double grocery bag full of old books , '' luna said as the elevator started its smooth glide upward .
she picked both up in one hand and kept her grip on the flowers with the other .
she gasped and dropped her bags to the floor , although he noticed that she still maintained a death grip on those flowers .
` ` how about i take those flowers ? ''
if you think you 'll be fine here , i 'll make the call and organize your flowers .
fix the flowers . ''
on a street filled with lovely big homes , all with groomed lawns and lavish flower beds , the reynaud mansion was perhaps the most impressive .
the paint seemed whiter , the drapes in the windows more elegant , the flower beds more carefully tended , the lawn more manicured .
they 'll want to see how the tree 's grown that they planted , or whether the flower beds still curve the way they remembered , or whether you still have trouble with weeds in the croquet lawn .
he 'd thought he might be the only one wearing the costume of his native country , but he grinned happily at the sight of the mexican delegate in a black sombrero and a zorro - like outfit while his mate wore a tiered skirt , a peasant blouse , and a flower in her hair .
hang me like a dead rose preserve me and my petals wo n't fall until you touch them and i dissolve and i wrote her a poem back i am like a dead begonia hanging upside down because like a dead begonia i do n't give a fuck to which she replied not all flowers depend on light to grow so now maybe tonight i 'll inspire i thought his soil was gay but maybe there 's a chance i can get myself some play and get into his pants hopefully i 'll never have to read it or know about it or even think about it ever again .
people throw flowers .
vito got her flowers .
vito got her flowers ?
meredith had never understood why a woman who saw the world in black and white would care so much about flowers , but nina knew the power of black and white images .
the flower will be here any second .
pushing the vines and flowers aside , she studied the scrollwork .
come summer , there would be flowers everywhere - in planters by the door , in baskets on the porch , twined up the fence line .
attacking the muddy black earth with her trowel , she 'd carefully planted flower seeds in neat and tidy rows .
in a dress that is too tight , she looks like a flower sprouting from a seed shell .
it looked like she was talking to herself or to the flowers or ... to dad .
trenches cut through parks , tearing through grass and flowers .
her beloved leningrad - peter 's famous window to the west - is like a dying flower , still beautiful to behold but rotting from within .
he fondled my lips , slowly opening me like a flower and finding my sweet clit .
she was so tired of being the delicate flower everyone had to protect .
above her , he closed his eyes and took a silent breath of lemon and flowers , the desire for her as strong as the first day he 'd seen her .
` ` what 's a mimosa flower ? ''
she 'd named the girl daisy because of the flower - like white splotch on her forehead .
no letters or flowers or emails or postcards .
she opened up underneath him like a flower , accepting everything he gave her .
still he waited , taking his time to breathe in the fresh scent of her , the flowers and greenery she worked with .
` ` have i told you how much i like the scent of flowers on you ? ''
but something about this place made her sad , made her want to bring flowers and color and noise to his world .
he was certainly trying to understand what she needed , as well , even down to small details like the flowers in her office and the toast for the morning .
` ` i was wondering if you would take a look at the flower beds and offer some suggestions . ''
` ` the flowers look great .
she 'd placed two topiaries by the front door and planted some cooler - weather snapdragons and diascia in the flower boxes , a nice beginning .
do n't trample mama 's flowers .
she spun to face kelly , stirring a drift of flowers and some kind of spice .
a slow smile curved her full lips , and she leaned one luscious hip against a table of potted flowers .
with the heat and the flowers . ''
` ` so you like the flowers ? ''
` ` i love flowers . ''
` ` then you 'll have flowers . ''
` ` a flower for you . ''
slowly he plucked flower after flower and tossed them on the blanket .
slowly he plucked flower after flower and tossed them on the blanket .
with the same finesse he managed in every aspect of life , he skimmed her top up and off without even dislodging the flower from her hair .
ethan lowered her to the blanket , flowers crushing beneath the press of their weight .
while he rained hot kisses along her hip and her belly , he caressed the flower up the inside of her leg .
` ` ethan williams , i have n't had to get after you for picking my flowers since you were ten . ''
with the familiarity of a lover - his by rights , damn it , if only for one more night - he secured the flower into her gathered hair .
all the layers to ethan williams - the charming bad boy , the seasoned agent , the youthful avenger who jimmied electric gates , the tender lover who made her a bed of flowers .
curiosity consumed him , a desperate need to know exactly what flower she smelled like , what she preferred .
he 'd started off with the traditional stuff , a flower left on her pillow while she 'd been in the shower .
and the pink tropical flower he 'd left on her pillow was now tucked behind her ear .
` ` and thank you for the flower . ''
ducking his head , he kissed her ear , right beside the flower , breathing in the heady perfume of her , even more tantalizing than the petals .
the man who 'd left a flower on her pillow and chosen her favorite breakfast was charming .
had the fresh - cut flowers been placed in here just for her ?
the toys , the food ... the flowers . ''
the flower is almost as gorgeous as you are . ''
yet another amenity she would n't have guessed , although it certainly explained all the fresh - cut flowers .
` ` i would make love to you on a bed of flowers if you let me . ''
i know this great little out - of - the - way place with kick - ass fresh flowers . ''
tiered racks of florist 's buckets with cut flowers stretched along a far wall .
flower petals speckled the furniture and floor .
to hide her eyes until she could regain control , she rushed to the crystal vase of mixed flowers on the end table and buried her face in the bouquet .
each flower was selected for you because of its meaning . ''
parting through the floral arrangement to the middle , he slipped out an orchid and pinched off the flower .
his words stirred her as much as the glide of the flower over her shoulder .
her knee draped to the side giving him , giving the flower , fuller access as he teased her .
a warm breath steamed over her stomach with only a second 's warning before his mouth replaced the flower .
the smell of crushed flowers clung to his skin as she kissed her way along his chest , back up his neck .
the silky softness of flower petals against her back .
plucking a flower petal from her hair , she rubbed the coral - colored patch between two fingers .
she trembled and kept twirling the flower , but she did n't stop speaking .
in the same way he 'd chosen flowers based on facets of her personality , he 'd detected the creativity she 'd all but forgotten , honoring it in a small , simple offer .
` ` imagine this is a purple hyacinth , the ' forgive me ' flower .
she thrust the buttons through openings with fierce speed , the fabric flower pin on her shoulder nearly quivering from her barely contained energy .
she 'd never seen a place with so many fresh flowers around every corner , even vases alongside the lcd screen and sound system currently piping beethoven into their tiled retreat .
` ` smart move sending flowers to the staff members you pissed off . ''
the flyer advertised ... a coupon for flowers ?
did you put that flower in my car to scare me so i would come with you ? ''
his eyes scanned the small patio garden beside her carriage house with flowers blooming in splashes of purples and pinks .
the scent of those purple and pink flowers filled the air , while the music of the fountain filled the silence .
screaming , crying females threw flowers and ... panties ?
her skin chilled in spite of the warm summer breeze , carrying the scent of flowers tossed by fans .
` ` and oh , my goodness , there are flowers everywhere .
` ` i love the flowers , outdoors and here . ''
` ` i had plans for those flowers over there . ''
` ` i wanted to buy you flowers and take you to the homecoming . ''
` ` i would have tried to romance you with flowers , candy and jewels . ''
` ` flowers ... '' he snapped his fingers .
she showed me so i could make sure the flowers on your wrist corsage matched just the right shade of blue . ''
she knew the wine was as top - notch as the fresh flowers and linens around her .
jordan sketched the flower along her jaw .
nuzzling her ear , he grazed the flower along her arm , teasing the inside of her elbow .
he grazed the flower around her br**sts until she peered over her shoulder at him with sultry sleepy eyes .
jordan skimmed the flower lower , along her stomach , over her hip to the very top of her thigh .
she snatched the flower from him .
bonita was helping her granddaughter , jade , tuck a napkin in her shirt to protect her flower girl dress from her snack .
gently , he tucked the flower behind her ear , wondering if she recalled their time here together when he 'd teased her naked flesh with a similar blossom .
the sweet sweep of her tongue teased his senses along with the scent of the flower in her hair .
along the walls , flowered loveseats beckoned to visitors , while marble - topped tables boasted a variety of knickknacks and family photographs , antiques , and fresh - cut flowers .
then she poured them each a cup of tea from the pot , adding three sugar cubes - jeez , they had flowers on them , too - to her own .
` ` edie , you 're a flower , you are . ''
at least he was calling her a flower now instead of minx or vixen or spitfire .
he frowned when he noted the flowers and girlie stuff on the front cover and realized it was n't what he 'd thought it was .
nor had he ever brought flowers with him when he did drop in on a woman - announced .
nor had he ever actually wanted to hand pick and pay for the flowers he brought to that woman he 'd never brought flowers to before .
nor had he ever actually wanted to hand pick and pay for the flowers he brought to that woman he 'd never brought flowers to before .
but she extended a hand gingerly toward the flowers , fingering one of the delicate red blooms as if it were spun glass .
the flower of their affections would have to be awfully sturdy to sustain such a blow .
then he strode to the table where there sat a bouquet of flowers more massive than any man anywhere had ever sent to any woman for any reason - be it declaring his love or groveling for forgiveness .
coral imagined herself in a wide - brimmed hat and an old apron , cutting some type of flower - perhaps daisies .
she 'd bring the flowers into her kitchen and place them in a blue glass vase .
she glanced around the office , then put her purse down and reached for the note that was tucked among the flowers .
confused , she turned the card over and then looked at the envelope , but there was no further clue as to who had sent the flowers and why - not even the name of a florist .
kayla 's eyes went to the flower bouquet again .
now that she 'd read sybil 's headline , the flowers suddenly made sense .
he pulled his gaze away from the flowers .
she smelled of lavender and felt even more fragile in his arms than that purple flower .
she 'd designed small candle and dried flower arrangements for allison 's party tomorrow night for her coworkers .
she came back with the flowers arranged in a glass vase that she set on an end table .
sometimes when i see gardenias i 'll remember her flower arrangements , or when i smell split pea soup , i 'll remember her cooking dinner . ''
she was , quentin thought , a delicate flower with a strong stem .
she eyed the arrangement of flowers at the edge of the desk .
flower boxes spilled over from the front windows , and some small bushes dotted the lawn before them .
another held an adorable sleeveless flower girl 's dress with a high ribbon waist and matching white sandals .
stephen held a bouquet of flowers in one hand , and a large brown - haired , brown - eyed baby doll in the other .
he 'd sent the flowers to her when they 'd dated , and he 'd remembered still .
their hands brushed over the flowers , and a sizzle went through her .
` ` you know flowers that stand for devotion are my favorite . ''
` ` have you shown jade her flower girl dress ? ''
the lingerie he 'd sent was nowhere to be seen but a tulle - and - satin flower girl dress with a wide sash and little rosebud embroidery along the neckline lay spread out across the bed .
` ` these are interleaved with acid - free pages- ` ` he eyed a floor lamp with a tasseled flower - print shade , then a wrought iron chandelier with beaded glass strands of blue and green .
she knew she 'd use woolrich wool plaid for the curtains and some of the upholster , ' , accenting and contrasting with some flower and solid prints .
erica was the youngest child of 1960s flower children who 'd spent time in haight - ashbury , and she .
a tall , black , wrought - iron fence guarded the facade , and flower boxes and black shutters framed tall , plate - glass windows .
now , he spotted the dog up front near the bridal arch , playing with - or rather , tearing at - a flower arrangement on the ground .
at the beginning of the ceremony , he 'd seen the bride place her flowers on a small pedestal .
` ` if i could have , i would have , '' he said with mock solemnity , ` ` but my expertise lies in locating wedding veils and saving flower bouquets from canine bridal attendants . ''
the limestone facade was set off by black wrought - iron flower boxes at the windows and a matching black front gate .
lively flower patterns on the upholstery contrasted with stripes and solids .
i had a beautiful mahogany desk with a plush full back chair , incredible artwork on the walls and crystal vases filled with fresh flowers .
it was extremely ornate but not in a gaudy way , and the signature crystal vases filled with beautiful fresh flowers were on display everywhere .
a few minutes later there was a light knock on my door and sebastian was standing there with a vase full of beautiful flowers .
to ari 's delight , when the crowd cleared , it was her mother , sandra , who was holding the beautiful bunch of flowers , her cheeks blushing pink as the other women grudgingly congratulated her .
finally finished with sulking on his own , he grabbed some of the fresh - cut flowers that were in a vase on a nearby table and made his way from the room .
adriane smiled with renewed confidence as he held up the flowers he 'd so thoughtfully picked up for her .
i even brought you flowers , '' he added as if he wanted a pat on the back .
you so thoughtfully grabbed some flowers from a vase that your staff picked and brought in , '' she said with unmistakable sarcasm .
as he turned away , he noticed the flowers still clutched in his hands .
` ` my favorite flowers , '' she sighed .
if he wanted to win her , he had to treat her the way a woman should be treated , spoil her with priceless gifts or , better , with gifts that cost little but meant much , bring her flowers , take her to historical places .
he would have switched his personal ones , too , but he had n't had anyone to order flowers for .
at her simple words , his shoulders relaxed and he pulled her into his arms , the flower dropping to the pavement as he lifted his hand to her face , cupping her cheek and looking into her eyes .
she did n't know what , but before she could open her eyes , she could smell the sweet scent of flowers .
they were filled with vase after vase of her favorite flowers , stargazer lilies .
a few steps in , there were more vases of her favorite flowers highlighted by the glow of the candles .
` ` i should never have let him be in charge of flowers .
chapter thirty - two ari inhaled deeply , reveling in the evocative scents of her mother 's flower shop .
i have a small wedding i ' m preparing flowers for .
it will all come back to you - besides , we 're working with roses and it 's hard to mess up a bouquet with such a beautiful flower in it .
the stress from the last few months evaporated as she stood by her mother 's side and started bunching flowers together and tying ribbon around the stems .
my wife 's favorite flower is the hawaiian flora .
she admired the work of the photographer , seeing beautiful images of historical homes , blooming flowers and important members of the community in different outfits , most of them volunteering at various functions .
i ' m sure all the plants have died , but planting new ones will give me a project to do until i can get back to the flower shop and begin working again . ''
it 's funny the things i remember , but i clearly recall those blue ceramic pots with purple flowers in them .
she finally felt free to sit out on her front lawn and dig weeds from the flower beds .
he had a flower in the car for me .
lara 's sleepy brain knew exactly who was kissing her , and she opened to tate like a flower seeking the sunlight .
* * * despite her determination to forget about the night before , when zack picked her up that afternoon and handed her flowers , annie 's emotions were still warring .
she wanted to kiss him but the urge to throw the flowers back in his face was equally overwhelming .
you had me worried for a while - i thought i might be getting those flowers shoved up my nose back there . ''