balloons and flowers filled the foyer and living room .
they ' ve set up a flimsy white altar in front of the pool , which is filled with floating flower blossoms .
` ` flowers . ''
the following night , she dressed in a pretty sundress with bright yellow flowers all over the skirt and a yellow cardigan .
he was so confident in that masculinity that the flowers did n't even bother him .
the lobby area was done in shades of white and cream colors with fresh flowers brought in every week in various shades depending on the season .
but even the flowers could n't provide an explanation .
wine was open , flowers were in place , wait staff had arrived and were getting instructions ... . she was doing a final walk through of the dining room and living room when a strong arm wrapped around her waist , lifting her up and carrying her into the smaller library .
all the issues had been dealt with , the ice sculpture was perfect and freezing , the food was delicious as expected , the flowers were ready to be transported and the tent was already constructed with the tables set up .
` ` this is a pretty rose , '' she said , her fingers caressing the petals gently , unknowingly sensuous as her fingers trailed down to the ends of the delicate flower .
the complexity of the flowers never ceases to amaze me , '' she said and turned back to walk further along the pathway .
each bloom has a particular insect that it is trying to entice and all parts of the flower are specifically created for only that insect .
i ' ve seen her blossom .
the room really was lovely and the courtyard was filled with beautiful flowers and a trickling fountain that soothed the soul .
but suddenly dani looked around her and found she was surrounded by glowing blossoms .
` ` it is called a moonlight garden , '' he explained , pulling one large , white blossom off a bush .
` ` the flowers are all white so they glow in the moonlight . ''
you need strong moon beams to see the blossoms . ''
the people of basir wo n't accept me , '' she explained , unable to maintain eye contact so her eyes slid away and looked at the tall trees that were forming a canopy over the lower level flowers .
within moments , her arms were filled with lovely , fragrant flowers of all shapes and sizes .
he 'd led her out into a lovely courtyard filled with fragrant flowers and lush greenery .
looking over at her bedside table , she saw the flowers instantly and her smile grew wider .
one person even had an elaborate bouquet of flowers in a variety of colors that he placed to the side of their plates .
fila had expected a romance to blossom between the two almost instantly , judging by the way luke 's gaze never swerved from mia whenever they were together .
` ` i know it 's just flowers , '' tracey burst out the second she picked up the call , ` ` but i only get married once .
on the other side , a small house overflowing with flowers along the sidewalk and windows emerged .
instead of pulling on a pair of jeans , she chose a green linen dress with small , yellow flowers embroidered around the neckline .
her glossy black hair was held together by a girly red flower clip , and her nametag read ` ` thalia . ''
holding a small bouquet of flowers by her side , she turned slightly away from the camera , but you could still see her expression .
visions of our last night together came crashing back - candles , flowers , and tears .
taking a look around , i found my mom in the kitchen , trying to make sense of all the food , flowers , and gifts that had been dropped off over the last week .
she flipped the lock and pulled the door open to find me on the other side , holding flowers like a dork .
oh , right , the flowers .
` ` my mom wanted me to drop these off for you , '' i said , handing over the flowers .
i asked , remembering the name from the bouquet of flowers she 'd received .
i should have known he would come for me after the endless phone calls , the flowers , and then the letters i 'd refused to acknowledge .
he 'd rented out an entire restaurant , lit hundreds of candles , and decorated every surface with flowers .
a shrill yet somewhat familiar voice shouted from behind the flowers .
but calling was not the same as seeing her , holding her , smelling the cherry blossom fragrance of her hair .
as they walked along the cobbled pathway leading from their villa to the main building of the tropical resort erin breathed in deeply , savoring the fruity smell of the flowers that lined the path .
in the middle of the table was what looked like a bouquet of flowers but turned out to be flower shaped candles from which an almost heavenly fragrance wafted .
huge palms graced its courtyard and framed the gleaming ivory walls and red and gold flowers were sprinkled amongst the rich green leaves that formed a soft carpet along its base .
unlike those great halls , though , this room was bright and airy and the table was decorated with vases filled with a variety of flowers that graced the room with their fragrance .
she smiled as she saw the big round vase sitting in the middle of the table sporting a wild assortment of flowers , the vibrant colors bringing cheeriness and life to the room .
they pulled up in front of a long , low building painted white with a strip of red and yellow flowers running along the length of the wall .
he looked over at the tropical garden , the pathway lit by soft lights , the leaves and flowers glowing in the light of the moon .
vases of fresh - cut flowers adorned the side tables , adding brilliant bursts of color to the scene .
nestled at the end of the road , the neat little house was circled by an abundance of flowers that had obviously been tended with great care .
the veil she was wearing was held in place atop her head by a circular band decorated by a garland of tiny white flowers .
lani directed the server to the dining table she 'd decorated with softly - burning candles and a bouquet of tropical flowers and there he laid out the dishes , filling the air with a mouth - watering aroma .
the woman behind the wheel was sporting a wide yellow sun hat with a red flower in the band .
peggy had filled the yard with shrubs , herbs and abundant flowers of a variety of hues and fragrances .
the entire foyer was filled with flowers .
everywhere i looked were big beautiful trees and tropical flowers .
jack followed my gaze to the small arbor decorated with pretty white fabric and tropical flowers .
would their relationship blossom like jack and emma 's , or would the two of them forever be haunted by the memories of rainwater kisses ?
a love blossoms and grows .
i stood and stared at the flowers , bath , and candles .
finally settling on a pair of jeans , fitted enough to reveal her shape without cutting off her circulation , and a cotton peasant top with blue flowers embroidered around the neckline .
thanks for the flowers and for calling .
the flowers at work and home had stopped and surprisingly , he had n't discovered her new phone numbers or email address .
two large bougainvillea climbed over a pergola , their white - and - pink blossoms contrasting with the perfect blue sky .
the scents of thousands of blossoms wafted up , surrounding her .
baskets of flowers filled the air with a sweet scent .
laden with scented blossoms , they glowed from the fairy lights twined in their branches .
the white hydrangea blossoms that had earlier stood proudly in their glass vases now drooped their heads in exhaustion .
she could have told him that he was succeeding , but as they walked along the tree - lined paths , arielle 's attention was claimed by the acres of perfectly kept lawns and immaculate beds of brightly colored flowers .
on the tabletop was a plastic pink flower arrangement and a collection of dead bugs .
walking hand in hand , daniel guided her around a natural spring , then through a field to a meadow that had wild flowers growing .
daniel ran into the darkness and came back with a small bouquet of wild flowers .
the first thing that daniel noticed was the white quilt that had little blue flowers sewn on it .
the views were spectacular and the grounds enormous , running rampant with glorious pink and orange bougainvillea and hibiscus that scented the warm air with tropical flowers .
but what stood out was the one soft yellow flower in the middle of all the periwinkle .
no , he sent her flowers on several occasions .
you survive in a way that is comfortable for you , '' he said , leaning down and kissing her neck , breathing in her fresh scent , the orange blossoms blooming in her hair and felt cleansed .
` ` flowers ? ''
the bodice was covered with silvery flowers but then the empire waist fell directly to the floor with delicate lines of more silver flowers flowing down slightly .
the bodice was covered with silvery flowers but then the empire waist fell directly to the floor with delicate lines of more silver flowers flowing down slightly .
the early fall weather had the chrysanthemums blooming , but also the last of the summer roses and she even spied several autumn camellias with their pink and white flowers peeping out of the dark leaves .
there were about one hundred people sitting in chairs around the small pond and a huge tent set up off to the left filled with food and wine , champagne fountains and a five tiered cake with shimmering frosting and flowers covering the layers .
his conversations gave her a chance to smell the flowers and explore the small shops , picking out small gifts for her friends and father .
the smell of the flowers was almost overwhelming .
she took a deep breath and this time , the flowers were n't so powerful .
she looked down at the flowers with derision , and caught max 's amused look as he stood at the doorway waiting for her .
five cheery female faces called out , jumping from different areas of the flowers .
there is too much to do , flowers to order , a dress to be made , caterers to get food .
this ring was the most incredible set of diamonds set in a flower arrangement , with the center stone being the largest .
the shimmering organza was gathered at the waistline with a wave of shimmering flowers along one side of the waist .
` ` the flowers are amazing , '' she whispered .
` ` the flowers are incredible .
he 'd taken her higher than she ever thought possible and then she 'd woken to a room full of flowers .
she looked healthier too , and he suspected that sasha was the source of all the flowers and books surrounding his grandmother lately .
as soon as she reached the lobby , she raced out of the building , finding solace in the courtyard with the trees and flowers , the hostas that carpeted the ground underneath the trees at the edges of the gardens seemed to smile at her with their perfect rows of leaves and purple flowers that were nearing the end of their season .
she did n't see mitch at all that day , but when she arrived home , she found a huge bouquet of flowers sitting outside her doorway .
it was n't just a plain , gold band but had scroll work and small , gold flowers etched into the sides .
` ` like fresh flowers and springtime , '' he added , nibbling gently on her ear before moving to her neck , causing shivers of anticipation to tingle down her spine .
` ` how lovely , '' she said , and did n't mean just the flowers .
` ` you 're frowning at the flowers as if a snake were about to jump out of them .
the room was rich with the smells of flowers and the air was thick with the humidity .
forgetting breakfast and only taking a moment to grab a cup of coffee in the now deserted dining room , she got her jolt of caffeine and hurried down the hallway to the elaborately decorated receiving room filled with flowers for the wedding .
the palace was already filling up with guests and she would need to hurry to the receiving line to greet the incoming dignitaries , there were flowers everywhere and so many jewels on various hands and necks she could n't imagine the sum total of wealth being worn right now .
one had glass beads decorating the toe while the other was covered in soft , blue flowers .
it was elaborately decorated with wispy curtains that screened out the worst of the light from enormous windows that allowed one to look out into a quaint little courtyard that was filled with flowers and pretty trees shading a lovely little fountain .
all the furniture was white , with porcelain knobs hand painted with delicate pink and yellow flowers .
she expected everyone to give her a lecture on eating properly , but when the waiter left , they launched into a discussion about flowers and colors , completely shocking antonia yet again with their lack of a comment on her unladylike choices .
surrounded by fragrant flowers , beautiful orchestra music and soft candlelight , it was difficult to be bored .
she noticed the daffodils starting to peek out and the forsythia was just about to explode with its beautiful golden flowers .
in the center of the oval entryway , was a large bouquet of flowers which brightened up what would otherwise be an intimidating foyer .
she 'd done a study on the fact that nature always produced in prime numbers and she 'd grown different flowers , counting the number of petals as her example .
they had a suite with brightly colored sofas in blue and yellow flowers .
the coastline was rugged and filled with trees and flowers draping over the small beaches to the water .
there was no furniture , but kate could picture a large round table in the center of the circular area with a vase overflowing with flowers .
finally , he placed a handmade band on her head , one where gemstones of every color of the rainbow were artfully put together to create a row of flowers .
caves in the human worlds usually sparkled with stalactites and stalagmites but here in the realm of faeries , the caves glowed with flowers that seemed to thrive in darkness , their petals shining bright in a rainbow of colors .
` ` glow in the dark flowers .
day 1 of courting a gigantic bouquet waited for me at my table , tall enough for its topmost flowers to surpass the height of my cubicle walls .
day 15 of courting ` ` you have got to stop sending me flowers , '' i told him laughingly while i was in my bath and he was in dubai , meeting with oil sheikhs for the newest real estate project of kastein , inc . ` ` but i like doing it .
he stopped when we reached the edge of the room , where flowers bloomed from the spread - out branches of a large tree .
at its side was a balcony , the biggest one i had ever seen in my life , a paradise of palm trees and flowers , swings and gazebos , and manmade waterfalls and ponds that looked deep enough for people to swim in .
and then he took out a bouquet of flowers from behind his back .
the flowers were ... close to wilting .
her purple painted toenails had little yellow flowers in the center of each .
soon the blossoms overfilled her room .
at the end of the flower parade came the best surprise of all , christian wearing low slung jeans , a graphic tee and holding an enormous box of dark chocolate truffles .
her cell rang and she searched for it , finding it under the dresser with a necklace and yellow flower petals .
spring flowers bloomed in wide flowerbeds along the front and side of the house .
she had flowers and ribbons sticking out of the loose braid she wore .
a little girl 's giggle sounded to the right of him and he could just make out the blonde curls that were visible over a green bush with yellow flowers .
he grinned at her , broke off a large snowball of a blossom and bounded toward her .
chapter forty christian waited by the slender - branched trees , showy pink blossoms falling as the wind gently blew .
a small pot of ointment containing calendula flowers and almond oil sat on the edge of the sink .
a vine with purple flowers seemed to twine around his ankle .
reaching out , she brushed away the white flowers that continued to smack him in the face .
the greenhouse grew hotter , more humid , and the flowers more fragrant , but nothing as potent as her .
` ` flowers have a language of their own .
a cluster of pink flowers touched her shoulder , then grazed the top of her br**sts .
to his amazement rose trailed behind them , but she stopped to prop open her door with a big pot of some kind of green plants with huge red flowers .
` ` try this : apple blossom with sweat pea .
there were two main ingredients for every holland product : the first , specially grown flowers and herbs from the forcing house .
quickly looking over at the spring , he concentrated on the pink blossoms floating all along the top of the water .
` ` cherry blossoms , '' jemma leigh sighed as she bent down to scoop a handful up , her br**sts bouncing .
later that afternoon , she opened the front door and a bouquet of flowers , in every color imaginable , awaited her .
plates of sandwiches , desserts , and a delicate tea service sat on top of that and in the center was a huge bouquet of flowers .
bees , butterflies , and hummingbird flitted and buzzed from flower to flower .
a bride and groom kissed under an ornamental tree while the bridesmaids and groomsmen threw flower petals in the air .
the leafy vines climbing up the front , the profusion of flowers that bloomed everywhere .
the bradford pear trees lining each side of the street had gone from showy white blossoms to full - on lime green leaves .
one with flowers , the second with a sun setting , and the third with angel wings .
summer , all alone in a meadow of spring flowers .
had the flowers ever smelled so sweet ?
then again , peter had promised her not only hearts and flowers , but also the moon and the stars .
the wind blew lightly , carrying with it the fragrant smell of flowers and trees .
* the train pulled into a station brightly decorated with flowers , flags , and plaid material .
blossoms were falling from the trees and being blown their way .
there was a wreath of silk flowers hanging on her front door and when he pushed the doorbell , he was n't even surprised to hear a series of melodic chimes sounding out from somewhere inside .
she beamed at him as if he 'd handed her flowers , and immediately he told himself he should have done just that .
the flower beds were weeded and bursting with newly planted , bright spring blossoms .
sage 's ranch was decorated with flowers everywhere .
there were trees and flowers and bunnies and puppies , painted in bright , primary colors , racing through the garden .
the stone patio gave way to a rolling lawn edged with trees and flowers that looked as she imagined an english cottage garden would .
now in springtime , the sun shone out of a brilliantly blue sky , a cool wind danced down the street and bright bursts of flowers filled the planters at the feet of the street lamps .
hunter reached out , ran one finger along the pale pink petals of the closest blossom and slid a glance to the old man watching him .
no one 's flowers are prettier . ''
a few of the delicate , pastel blossoms dropped to the ground as they walked on .
clusters of spring flowers made for bright splashes of color , and their scents mingled with the delicious aromas coming from the kitchen as the catering crew ran up and down the long hallway to the ballroom .
twenty or so minutes later , freshly showered and shaven , the six - cart entourage to our gluttony arrived with flowers and a butler equipped to serve when ready .
just then , i saw her eyes blossom slowly , lifting open .
at least a dozen vases sprouted with thick , fluffy blossoms .
a white flower plant perched on liam 's side of the nightstand , providing a contrasting yet relaxing coloration .
like the interior of mediterranean villa , the soft walls glowed with golden light and colorful flowers spilled from vases .
the flowers were like a splash of color among the black and silver balloons .
i took in the white glove waiters offering trays of obscure hors d'oeuvres , the live jazz band playing in the living room , the flowers , and the balloons .
its red flowers against a black background was eye - catching .
` ` who sent the flowers ? ''
the elevator doors opened and genie stepped out , looking absolutely breathtaking in a tight - fitting cream - colored dress with soft - pink flowers .
the women in his life , first his mother and then claudette and lecie , were mesmerized by the fragrant flowers .
she reached for the flowers and cut her eyes toward andre and tasha .
the scent reminded her of orange blossoms .
a variety of flowers in a bounty of colors lined the paths in the west garden .
sacha detached herself from a group of people , trailing eagerly after her , very much the colourful butterfly in a bright orange silk pantsuit with a long split jacket in shades of violet , blue and turquoise and printed with orange and red flowers .
she 'd heard of the flower but had n't known a drink could be made from it .
sue was to be matron of honour , and her four - year - old daughter , jessica , was to be flower girl .
the flowers arrived promptly at two - thirty , as arranged .
` ` and there were lots and lots of big pretty flowers for the butterflies to land on . ''
` ` tropical flowers , '' nanna chimed in .
to the right was a white table , holding a magnificent arrangement of flowers to one side and the official papers to be signed with individual gold pens on the other .
' i think it was made out of flowers .
the cake was a masterpiece of decorative art - scrolls and flowers , probably made of plaster of paris , edging the tiers , red satin ribbon tied in bows beneath them .
buying the doona had been total self - indulgence but she 'd loved it on sight , the brilliant scarlet printed so exotically with graceful sprays of flowers and pagodas and chinese ladies in traditional dress , carrying pretty shade umbrellas and walking over curved bridges which invariably featured in the chinese gardens the tour group had visited .
luxurious green vines grew over the pergola providing shade for sun - loungers and tables and chairs made of white iron lace , and pots of flowers provided vivid colour at the foot of every column .
max dropped by most evenings to see how she was getting on , bringing her flowers and gourmet treats from elaine 's kitchen .
he was the perennial bumblebee flitting from flower to flower .
the white linen shift was printed with turquoise and royal blue flowers with chartreuse leaves .
it was a casual hawaiian shirt with parrots and hibiscus flowers on wildly tropical foliage , worn over royal blue surfing shorts , ready for the swim he 'd offered but she 'd decided not to take up since it would only provoke more temptation and she had n't been sure where she was going with nic moretti .
as this determination shot her out of the van , nic swung around to walk towards her , a perfectly groomed cleo on her leash trotting beside him , a pink ribbon around her neck , and a pink ribbon tied around a large cellophane cone which looked suspiciously like a sheaf of flowers resting in the crook of his arm .
he smiled and stepped forward to present her with the sheaf of flowers .
she wore a green silk top with a low cowl neckline above slacks in the same colour , printed with huge pink and gold flowers in an artful splendour that shouted designer wear , probably escada .
outside , in the grounds of the moretti compound on the sydney harbour shoreline , was a fabulous white marquee , festooned with flowers and thousands of fairy lights , filled with people in dazzling evening wear , the best french champagne flowing from an endless store , gourmet food being constantly offered and served , a variety of live bands providing music for dancing and singing .
tubs of flowers provided pleasing cascades of colour , and the brilliant blue vista of sea and sky generated a peaceful ambience .
the potted flowers were lovely ; geraniums , petunias , impatiens ... ' bad judgement , lucia , ' he said contemptuously .
she kept her gaze trained on the flowers , but she heard real shock in lucia 's response .
in the centre of the manicured lawn was a magnolia tree , laden with its purple and pink flowers , the grass around it strewn with fallen petals .
inside their apartment the decor was tropical with cane furniture and fabrics printed with hibiscus flowers .
there were rows of lace flowers around the long flowing skirt and cascades of pearls hanging from them near the hem .
their bouquets were made of pink and cream frangipanis and they were wearing a circle of the same flowers in their hair .
the men were given a pith helmet to put them in the correct british india period , the women an eastern umbrella made of wood and paper printed with flowers .
they walked into a spacious , very old - world reception lobby , two storeys high with marvellous ceiling fans and chandeliers , wonderful arrangements of flowers , someone playing eastern music on a xylophone .
the only splashes of colour came from the fresh flowers in vases and a bowl of fruit on the coffee table - welcoming touches .
her long , dark brown hair was piled on top of her head , and curling from one ear over her crown was a stunning concoction of bright pink flowers and feathers .
fresh fruit and flowers in their rooms .
' thank you for the flowers .
it is quiet and full of flowers .
flowers , vegetables , herbs and fruit are plentiful .
crushed flowers , herbs , musk .
above the smell of flowers and ferns .
as soon as we step out on to the green felt landing pad , waiters in tails and white gloves stand in a line to greet us with champagne and flowers .
they are carrying mostly flowers and plants , but also trays and boxes of all kinds .
the stage at the end of the room is made of hedge and surrounded by magnolia trees that were separated into trunks , branches and flowers so they could be flown in from america .
i let my gaze wander over to the walls , made of billowing cream drapes , greenery swags and countless - and i mean countless - white flowers .
the amount of flowers and leaves on the walls superseded only by the number of flowers on the three long dining tables that edge the room .
the amount of flowers and leaves on the walls superseded only by the number of flowers on the three long dining tables that edge the room .
the centerpieces are tall , elegant candelabras entwined with trailing exotic flowers .
the tropical liana vines entwined with flowers and leaves that droop down from the vaulted ceiling give the illusion that the aisle is a garden path .
the ground is carpeted with green turf and scattered with flower petals .
the buzzer sounds and i push the heavy door open , into a reception with tall mirrors and flowers .
we have exchanged fluids and essences , we have touched spirits , but there will be no wedding cake , no marquee full of flowers , no champagne toasts , no guests for us .
it is full of flowers descriptions and sex positions .
a guard and gatehouse heralds the start of a long drive that winds through arable fields ringed with wild flower meadows .
i hear the sound of the foil then his trousers being dropped , and suddenly the tears stop and my pu**y opens out like a flower , oil drips from it , and shivers of strange pleasure shoot from my trembling sex .
' the colors remind of ed baynard 's flowers that talk range , but the background is almost murakami . '
there are baskets of flowers everywhere , the congratulatory envelopes still unopened .
thousands of years of the sublime and the profane open up to me like a blood - sodden flower .
the fires become beautiful orange flowers .
i try them all on , discard all six , and then go back to the first one , which is a short - sleeved , rather bold affair with large , bright flowers .
' when i was younger , the idea that all of nature - humans , animals , flowers , trees , mountains , rivers , galaxies , even universes - is nothing more than self - replicating fractals of an interactive biological software program based on golden ratio or the fibonacci spiral was depressing .
flower boxes jutted out from window fronts and he presumed that if spring should ever come to the mountains , those boxes would be full of bright flowers .
the walls were still a soft , warm yellow , the furniture was oversize and comfortable , and a stone hearth , cold now , held a copper urn filled with fresh flowers .
there were tall pedestals holding elegant sprays of silk flowers and the white carpeted main aisle still held the footprints of the couple who had been married before them .
she smelled like heaven - peaches and flowers and the smile she gave him was knowing and nervous at the same time .
bougainvillea vines twisted through the metal work , their deep scarlet and pale lavender flowers fluttering in the wind .
` ` that , travis , '' she said , swallowing hard against the ball of nerves jostling the black flowers of death in the pit of her stomach .
a veritable squad of workers was stacking the white chairs , dragging down the garlands of flowers , packing away crystal and china and whatever food was left over .
the driveway was wide and circular , and swept past banks of tropical flowers in every imaginable color .
a cool breeze blew in from the nearby ocean and carried both the scent of the sea and the fragrance of the tropical flowers that surrounded this amazing hotel .
gina king 's hospital room was lavishly appointed and filled with so many flowers , it looked like an english garden .
the wide yard was neatly tended , the flower beds were spilling over with bright , colorful blossoms and from somewhere close by , the lowing of a cow sounded almost like a song .
crystal vases filled with colorful flowers standing on gleaming tables .
even in twilight the yard was impressive , with sculpted trees and bushes and late summer flowers splashing the place with color .
every surface was covered in flowers .
there were vases and bowls filled with roses and daisies and some kind of weird purple flower .
he sent her flowers , made her dinner and when she was tired , he gave her a fabulous foot rub that inevitably led to long , lovely hours in bed .
her sandals boasted bright white flowers positioned over toes that were painted bloodred .
some areas of tesoro were practically barren while most of the island boasted forests and flowers and waterfalls .
sean paused to look around , letting his gaze take in the people , the flowers , the quiet sense of tranquility - and then tried to imagine the village swarming with cruise ship tourists .
pink and white and deep red flowers burst from a wall of greenery so thick you could hardly see past them to the hills beyond .
she was n't a delicate blossom .
` ` flowers are a surprise .
the sunlight was bright , the sky a brilliant blue and a soft breeze carried the scent of tropical flowers as it lifted her hair off her neck .
he snorted , but the tension in him eased a bit as the trade winds continued to rush past them , carrying the scents of flowers and the sea with them .
shaking his head , he gave her the fire - engine - red sleep shirt that was stamped with oversized , mustard - yellow flowers and hot pink ribbons .
as he started to arise from the table she smiled at him and said , ` ` there 's dried grapevine blossom within it . ''
leaning close to his ear , she whispered authoritatively , ` ` because serpents loathe grapevine blossom .
whitney stood mesmerized on the threshold , her gaze roving longingly over the magnificent white satin coverlet on the bed splashed with flowers of orchid , pink , and blue .
delicate porcelain vases were filled with flowers in the same hues of orchid and pink .
they drove past a park whose winding paths bloomed extravagantly with spring flowers .
the three young men leapt to their feet , each one thrusting a bouquet of flowers toward her .
outside , she reached behind her and untied the ribbons of her demi - mask , letting it dangle from her fingers as she breathed in the fragrance of the spring night scented with blossoms .
she was so caught up in her wedding plans , so eager to discuss her gown , the flowers , the banquet menu , and everything else that concerned the wedding which was only four days away , that whitney could hardly remain in the same room with her exuberant joy , and even while she was frantically thinking up excuses to leave , whitney hated herself for not being better able to take pleasure in elizabeth 's happiness .
at clayton 's side , whitney wandered through the dappled sunlight of the arbor , her mind picturing the splendor of spring , when the trees would burst into bloom , strewing flowers along the wide winding paths , blanketing the white ornamental iron benches in blossoms of pink and rose and white .
in his mind , clayton saw the provocative goddess she had been that night with yellow and purple flowers entwined in her hair .
jaunty striped fabrics were scattered among silks that were richly embellished with gold and silver and bolts of batiste heavily embroidered with flowers of every color and type .
stephen 's box was located for maximum view , and when they entered it , he actually peered around to get a look at sherry 's face , but she was gazing in admiration at the identical tier of elegant boxes opposite them , each with its own chandelier and with gold flowers and stars painted on the box 's front .
the silk flower pinned into her hair behind her ear made meredith feel more elegant and less dowdy .
her blond hair was parted on the right side and held back with a silk flower , then it fell straight as a stick to just above her shoulders .
the flower gave her a mysterious , worldly look , she decided with more hope than conviction .
` ` very much , '' he said , his gaze dipping to the vicinity of her shoulder and the fallen blossom .
a waiter led them past banks of fresh flowers and around a fanciful white trellis to a table that was far enough away from the ebony grand piano in the center of the room to enjoy the music , but not so close that it hindered conversation .
it suits you though - the antiques and bright flowers ; it 's warm and inviting .
in desperate hopes of weakening his resistance , she was wearing her most provocative cocktail dress - a backless black chiffon confection with narrow straps and a deep v at the bodice that was encrusted with tiny black beads sewn tightly into intricate leaves and flowers .
even the setting was idyllic - they were on a tropical island , dining in the moonlight , surrounded with the heady fragrance of frangipani blossoms and the stirring beat of steel drums playing calypso music on the beach .
the carpeting was the same shade of aqua as the sea , the furnishings predominantly white , with huge vases of lush tropical flowers providing splashes of color .
send her a lot of flowers . ''
pink and yellow flowers bloomed in profusion across hedgerows that inarched up and down the hills and valleys .
the park stretched in both directions as far as the eye could see , bisected here and there by a stream that meandered about , its banks covered with flowers of pink and blue and white .
by the end of the following week , the house on upper brook street was overflowing with bouquets of flowers brought there by a parade of eager gentlemen all hopeful of gaining the distinction of winning her favor .
` ` what lovely flowers ! ''
the pavilion at the far end of the lawns was covered in flowers and strung with gaily colored lamps .
it was two inches wide and fashioned to look like a delicate cluster of flowers , with diamonds cut in various shapes to make up the petals and leaves of tulips , roses , and orchids .
down in the valley on her left and in the woods on her right , spring flowers had burst into bloom , filling her eyes and nose with their rainbow colors and delicious scent .
taking her arm , jordan walked with her along the flagstone path that separated the rose beds and led to an arbor filled with trees decked out in spring blossoms .
` ` out of sight of the house , '' he replied dryly , stopping beneath the branches of an apple tree covered with blossoms .
walking quickly forward , he looked into the large salon to the right of the foyer and the smaller one on the left they were filled with flowers and empty of people .
the flowers on the hill , he suddenly noticed with dazzling clarity , were indeed white - a joyous , cheery carpet of white against dark green .
elizabeth had wandered over to the table with the ailing plants and discovered the violet , its delicate flowers standing sturdily on fragile little stems , its leaves perked up .
` ` a - actually , the flower that sprang up would have been the iris or larkspur , not the modern hyacinth , but that is how it earned its name . ''
now , however , as the hour of confronting him drew near , not even the sight of the mountains decked out in spring flowers or the bright blue lakes below could calm her mounting tension .
ian jerked his gaze from the flowers , then looked at her with an odd , contemplative expression .
standing on the sidelines of the ballroom , which ian 's army of florists had transformed into a gigantic bower of flowers , complete with a miniature arbor at the far end , elizabeth tried with every fiber of her being to ignore the haunting memory of wordsworth 's visit this morning .
` ` speaking of shrubbery , '' she teased , pausing on the balcony to cast a last fond look at the ` ` arbor '' of potted trees with silk blossoms that occupied one - fourth the length of the entire ballroom , ` ` everyone is talking about having gardens and arbors as themes for future balls .
every blossom in this section blooms in the moonlight , and at this hour , the beds i pass are filled with beautiful pale flowers .
every blossom in this section blooms in the moonlight , and at this hour , the beds i pass are filled with beautiful pale flowers .
quickly , callie scanned the assortment of flowers .
several framed canvases hung on the walls and a large crystal vase filled with fresh flowers was positioned on either side of the ornate door .
the scent of several dozen flowers placed around the yacht filled the air .
` ` are these flowers from kevin ? ''
fresh flowers in crystal vases graced each table , along with long slender candles in silver candelabras , providing an intimate atmosphere .
he held out the flowers and pasted a warm smile on his face .
she hesitated before taking the flowers from him with a timid smile .
she asked , eyeing first him and then the flowers .
allison , much like their mother , adored flowers .
then she smiled and accepted the bundle , bringing the flowers toward her face .
` ` they 're really gorgeous , but you did n't have to bring me flowers . ''
` ` i loved the flowers , but you do n't have to get me anything . ''
all around her pink and purple asters bloomed , as did some russian sage with its blue flowers and silvery foliage .
she pointed towards an electric - blue flower with five petals .
` ` she adored flowers .
we wended our way along the driveway ; surrounding us was a beautiful landscape of unique flowers , palm trees and beautifully manicured grass .
elle twirled around , modeling a yellow sundress with white flowers .
vases of all sorts of shapes and sizes surrounded the inside , full of large flower arrangements .
my hospital room was filled with balloons , flowers , and get well cards .
marcus came through the doors with a huge flower arrangement and a smile .
` ` it 's flowers and a catered breakfast . ''
the patio led to the highest area overlooking the sea , a massive terrace garden that was illuminated by golden lights planted everywhere like luminescent flowers .
maybe he 'd had every other woman 's room filled with flowers , too .
not even the breathtaking sights of man - engineered beauty of parades of lush palms , immaculate lawns and explosions of flowers and the nature - endowed magic of azure skies and golden sand - seas meeting at the horizon could ameliorate her irritation at having to succumb to this abuse of power .
date palms and olive trees numbering in the hundreds of thousands , wild flowers and cacti , impossible in beauty and abundance , farmed fruits and vegetables , especially apricots , figs and corn , astounding in size and taste .
without giving her time to wonder what he meant , he had her striding beside him on the royal - blue carpet , down the expansive path lined with stunning plant and flower arrangements ending in a dozen cream satin - covered steps .
this time he had flowers and two gift - wrapped boxes with him .
at the end of the path of fire and flowers , there he was .
` ` he said he was sorry and brought me flowers .
fireworks lit off , one after another , exploding into fiery blossoms behind his taut form .
` ` whoa , what are these dry flowers ? ''
` ` the dry flowers are brussels sprouts , roasted with lemon zest and a jasmine - infused sherry vinegar glaze , '' he said .
` ` the wet flowers are bison tataki , seared with sesame paste . ''
the flowers were lovely .
if sending those flowers initiates a scandal , the director on the next film i want might say he does n't want to deal with that type of drama . ''
i pulled on a pair of taupe dress slacks and a cream blouse and sprayed myself with a generous amount of pear blossom body spray before throwing my long brown hair into a messy bun .
i turned away , pretending to admire the purple grapelike flowers lining the cobblestone path .
the smell of summer flowers wafted through the air , the breeze warm and pleasant .
` ` have you seen pictures of the cherry blossoms when they 're in bloom ? ''
i 'd seen pictures of the washington d.c . cherry blossom festival and imagined the esplanade must be nearly as beautiful .
he poured a dab of soap into his hand from my cherry blossom body wash - a new favorite scent of mine - and worked it into my skin with deep massaging strokes .
a line of wildflowers bordered the stone walkway , butterflies dancing from blossom to blossom .
a line of wildflowers bordered the stone walkway , butterflies dancing from blossom to blossom .
sent me flowers a couple of times .
thnx for the flowers .
on saturday , more flowers arrived at the penthouse .
` ` or the brooklyn botanic gardens during the cherry blossom season ? ''
their pale pink dresses exactly matched the blossoms on alayna 's veil and in the garden .
we could have moved to the atrium or another venue all together as our wedding planner suggested , but alayna wanted the whole event to be outdoors among the blossoms .
her cherry body wash mingles with the blossoms in the air , but none of it can completely cover up the delicious aroma of alayna 's skin - a combination of salt and sweet that i ca n't describe but would recognize anywhere .
organizing the flowers with mother ? ''
not today , and not in vegas , but in a church if you like , or at mabel shores in the hamptons- '' ` ` or the brooklyn botanic gardens during the cherry blossom season ? ''
but it was run by ni - vanuatu , the people of vanuatu , and so with all its modern facilities came an island calm , bright smiles , gentle words , brilliant flowers in bloom on every table , and laughter simmering just below the surface .
michaela inhaled the scent of sea air , tropical blossoms , and rich green forest and smiled .
when i entered the room , i saw a beautifully decorated chair , with flowers and ribbons affixed to it .
the flowers were from david reid .
between the violet flowers , white daisies peeked out , brightening up the richness of the hyacinths .
she was intrigued by the flowers , the note , and the sender .
of course , if you go to a different one , the same flowers mean something all together different .
her gaze drifted back to the gorgeous bouquet of flowers .
each flower was in such perfect bloom that they almost looked fake .
madison 's room was done in pale pinks with a mural of a meadow littered with purple flowers and grazing horses .
` ` what 's with all the damn flowers ? ''
is it just a coincidence that reid sent you flowers and that you two were huddled together in the corner tonight ?
she carefully unwrapped it , revealing two spectacular hand blown glass flowers .
i got up from my desk just as mandy walked in with a beautiful arrangement of flowers .
thank you very much for the flowers . ''
` ` thank you again for the beautiful flowers . ''
there were two security guards standing watch on each side of the courtyard , which was filled with trees , flowers , and small wrought - iron tables and chairs .
white tents with white lights were being set up , flowers were being arranged in vases , and tables were being set up with linens .
adalynn walked out from her bedroom and looked at the flowers .
` ` did you send me a tree made of flowers ? ''
i walked up to him and gave him a kiss as he handed me the flowers .
the candles were lit , the flowers were in place , and the table was beautifully set .
tears started to fill my eyes when i saw jimmy , rosie , richard , mandy , veronica , and connor and ellery standing by the white chairs that were decorated with flowers .
scent , bypassing his smell to overload on the mixture of frankincense and musk , burning candles and night air laden with sea salt and jasmine and a hundred flowers and fruits .
the young tribe members swirled around them in intricate routines , the males swooping like birds of prey , bounding and stomping in energetic courtship and persistent demand , the females twirling around like huge flowers , gesturing and tapping in practiced coquetry and eager acceptance .
he laid her on it , arranged her limbs as if they were flowers , tracing every line demarcating her tawny tan from her still - creamy areas with his tongue .
and he was known to never return to an already pollinated flower .
vincenzo clasped her to his side as he leaned down , plastering his cheek against hers as leandro held the goblet to their lips for them to simultaneously sip the bloodred liquid that tasted and smelled of an elusive amalgam of spices , fruits and flowers .
at night , before the full moon rose , they were only shades of gray , but in the daylight they looked like an explosion of flowers atop the sandstone hills .
mohab carried her past hundreds of tables spread with satin tablecloths , lanterns , flowers , the finest local pottery and blown glass , all in vibrant , complementing colors .
the flower arrangements , the grounds ' ornaments and lighting , the hall decorations , the catering menu .
every other decoration , from banners to veils to flowers , was color - coordinated with her gown and jewelry .
he showed up at luis 's door that friday night with a bouquet of flowers in one hand and a suitcase in the other .
i love fresh flowers . ''
luis came out of the kitchen and placed the flowers in the middle of the table .
so luis welcomed thomas with a fresh bouquet of flowers and a box of homemade cookies on the day he moved into the house .
and btw ... ty for the flowers .
` ` nice flowers .
i glanced at the flowers on my desk .
she tugged up nicoles shirt and pointed out a finely drawn , lacy flower on her flat belly .
early though it was , nicole sat at a veranda table under falling cherry blossoms , absently tapping the tip of a strawberry against her bottom lip and ignoring the steaming tea service and newspaper in front of her .
near an extravagant display of welcome flowers , i saw a leather folio and several gift boxes .
massive flower arrangements perfumed the air .
one of the last exhibits on the ground floor was woman bitten by a snake , a life - size sculpture of a female writhing naked across a bed of flowers .
` ` ooh , good , she used banana blossoms . ''
from the blimp , the players looked like white flowers on a perfect lawn .
it stung , and then pleasure blossomed like a thousand flowers .
most men gave women flowers or jewelry ; antonio gave buildings .
` ` sweet olive blossoms , '' he said .
deep blue , with flowers bouncing around white clouds .
fragrant flowers .
my sweet olive blossoms rotting on the branch .
her wide - brimmed hat is thick with plumes and silk flowers , a striking contrast to my shabby black maid 's dress and white linen cap .
as he had hoped , the flowers lent an alluring air of sweetness to the room .
as her body hit velvet , it was as if flowers rained from the sky .
` ` but now i just might send him flowers . ''
she looked at the flowers and her lips formed a small o .
she gestured to the flowers .
when he stepped inside and offered the flowers , she curled her fingers around the crinkling paper wrapper .
how could he remember a detail as small as her favorite flower ?
they were both good guys , remembering her kids ' birthdays , and sending her gifts or flowers from time to time to let her know they were thinking of her .
he was wearing a tux , the room was decorated in an explosion of flowers and tulle , and suzanne was standing at the end of the aisle looking stunningly beautiful .
ryder had barely noticed anything other than a high volume of flowers , fluffy bows , and the color blue coming at him in all directions , but what did he know ?
the bride wore a sheath dress and looked amazing , and while i could tell you in great detail about food and flowers , it 's time for this writer to sleep off the damage done by champagne and high heels .
behind an explosion of flowers were her parents , the table next to them lined with a shit - ton of champagne bottles .
so as soon as they had reached the head table , crowded with giant vases of red flowers , he deposited shawn in a chair and went for some liquid fortification .
flickering candles and fragrant flowers softened the men 's club atmosphere .
the flowers were fresh , the dark marble floors gleaming .
from where she stood , she could see the potted prickly pear cactus that guarded the entrance , the last of its lush hot - pink flowers drooping off .
a young girl peers at me over a bunch of flowers .
i set them down on the island in my kitchen and carefully look through the lilies and roses and blossoms and god knows what f**king else until i find a card .
` ` not about the flowers , ass**le .
i nudge the fridge door closed and stare at the flowers .
from finalizing flowers to a last - minute buffet change and a meltdown over the fact that tessa 's shoes still have n't been delivered , i ' m all wedding - ed out .
she stepped into a room filled with flowers .
while away , riley made sure to call him often , and though her room was full of flowers , dylan had no complaints about phone calls from ian .
madison breathed out a sigh of relief and held out the flowers .
` ` we can replant the daffodil bulbs in the fall and the flowers will bloom again next year .
charlotte had been happy to accept the flowers , however .
the smells all blended together , like a bouquet of flowers , and cast warm light over us .
she 'd been on a floral kick lately , and was wearing an ankle - length halter dress with a huge tropical flower print on the front .
the rest of the fabric was silk and white with large black tropical flowers printed on it .
a riot of flowers in many colors covers her from neck to ankle .
several bushes full of fluffy pink flowers line both sides of the path .
we reach some darker flowers now , purples and deep reds .
` ` wonderful flowers .
` ` oh , my ... look at all those flowers .
a mass of pink flowers in every rosy hue can be seen surrounding the arch leading into the hotel .
i ' ve never seen so many pink flowers in one place , not even at a wedding , and i ' ve been to some doozies in my lifetime .
his new home was a round tabletop , covered in plants and flowers , with a space in the center that had been left clear .
` ` he wants me to put him in a rose , '' i said , walking towards one with bright red flowers .
i turned around and around , the colors of the flowers and trees swirling together into a blur .
the ground under my back was soft , and the smell of a meadow teeming with flowers filled my nose .
the flowers were blurs of pinks and blues and colors i could n't even explain because i 'd never seen anything like them before .
very few blossoms remained on the bushes , and there were dead leaves and branches everywhere .
and no wonder ... the meadow had never been so full of flowers and the green forest so covered in fresh leaves and new growth .
it was a circle outlined in a huge pile of flowers of every shape and color .
his tongue swiped up and down the soft folds of her womanhood , and he sucked the pulsing flower of her core , her cries of pleasure telling him how fast or slow to go .
ty gives her to me , and i grin at the sweet pink flower pinned to her jet - black hair .
the particular shot of her , under a flowering tree loaded with pale pink blossoms , was so perfect for her .
we thought it was some kind of ornamental cherry tree from how the flowers looked .
` ` the blossoms are everywhere .
her eyes flared and she tilted her head to the side a bit , her hair strewn out around the grass with a few blossoms already fallen down to land all around us .
* * * * we made out cloud shapes from the grassy bank with the cherry tree blossoms still floating down .
back here at hallborough , you and me , cherry blossoms , row boats and blue dragonflies . ''
as i did i saw my cherry blossoms reflected in the mirror .
cherry blossoms in sky blue .
i ' ve seen yer cherry blossom tats an ' how you are when the other person 's name comes up . ''
` ` yer not tha only one with ch - cherry blossom t - tattoos . ''
according to her brother , she had a cherry blossom tattoo somewhere on her body .
nearly two hundred images : cherry blossoms , elaina under the falling blossoms , selfies of us in the boat together , some close - ups of a blue dragonfly sitting on a cherry branch .
nearly two hundred images : cherry blossoms , elaina under the falling blossoms , selfies of us in the boat together , some close - ups of a blue dragonfly sitting on a cherry branch .
blue dragonfly in the cherry blossoms sitting right on my chest over my beating heart .
i kept looking over at the magnificent display , of what looked very much like cherry blossoms in a light blue vase , the long branches of pale pink blooms distracted me terribly .
i 'd arranged for some subtle hints like the florist arrangements in reception , but cherry blossoms in blue vases were n't going to cut it and send her back into my arms , or my bed .
` ` a dragonfly in the cherry blossoms ... '' ` ` beautiful like you , cherry . ''
as i gazed at her perfect skin , i almost stopped breathing when i saw the most stunning tattoo of cherry blossoms and branches done in sky blue and pink .
i 'd forgotten about what ian had told me - his cryptic drunken comment about me not being the only one to have a cherry blossom tattoo .
lining both sides of us were trees completely covered with white and pink blossoms .
the perfect concoction of cherry blossom beauty , it was far too pretty to eat , but eaten it had been .
i 'd also added in some pink cherry blossom flowers and a blue dragonfly to the best of my drawing ability , which was n't the greatest , but he would get the idea .
i 'd also added in some pink cherry blossom flowers and a blue dragonfly to the best of my drawing ability , which was n't the greatest , but he would get the idea .
brynne bennett : ethan , the flowers r beautiful .
the flowers are beautiful too .
i flicked my tongue over her folds , pressing her open like a blossom .
the color was lovely on her and since i now knew it was her favourite , i had to believe in my luck that first time when i sent her the purple flowers .
the formal hall at hallborough was casually set up with several tables dressed in cream linens , purple flowers , and old silver , that had to be worth a small fortune .
i 'd sent her purple flowers the very first time ... and she had given me a second chance .
was it possible all the wedding hearts and love blossoms were getting to him ?
miles and miles of purple flowers scenting the air , and so beautiful , your mind could barely accept what your eyes were seeing .
along the way , we stopped to look at things of interest like paintings on the wall , or flowers in a vase , or the view of the sea shining out from one of the windows .
the day that the job was official , my parents sent me flowers and evan took me to high tea at the drake to celebrate .
fresh flowers dotted all the surfaces .
around me , politicians mingled with hipsters as they buzzed from one painting to the next like bees around a flower .
there are small yellow and gold flowers embroidered against the white silk at the hem , and the flowers are inset with shimmering white pearls that now feel hard beneath my palm .
there are small yellow and gold flowers embroidered against the white silk at the hem , and the flowers are inset with shimmering white pearls that now feel hard beneath my palm .
the neckline and the hem and the lower line of the bodice are embroidered with tiny flowers accented with pearls , giving the pure white dress a touch of the whimsical .
` ` well , '' she says with a sniff , ` ` i suppose this is to be expected , considering your choice of flowers and cake . ''
a small crowd hums around him , like bees drawing nectar from a flower .
she waves at the flowers .
a flowering plant i do n't recognize grows near the fence , and i grab a few petals and toss them in the pool , then lay on my stomach , trying to get a shot of only flowers and water , with no hint of concrete from the pool or the deck .
i ' ve watched you blossom . ''
wide open like a blossoming flower and so very wet .
` ` but if you 're planning to ravage me in the flowers , i should say that i would have been just as happy on the stone path . ''
i wave goodbye to monica , then tuck the phone under my chin and pick the flowers back up .
tristan was far from done with his private showing , going through dozens of pictures , and finally settling on a particularly stunning photo of a field of sunflowers , some fully bloomed and reaching for the sun , but with a small circle of flowers still stubbornly facing down .
he 'll be getting one of these blossoms , every single sober year , for the rest of his life . ''
the word blossom raised some red flags , and i thought , oh no , he would n't have .
on the branch were five small blossoms , each a slightly different shade , each with a number , bold and in red .
he was unfailingly polite , always a gentleman , paying for meals and opening doors , buying me flowers , taking me on some of the most romantic dates i 'd ever been on .
your pu**y is like a flower , pink and pretty and begging for me to open its petals . ''
a stunning flower arrangement of red calla lilies and orchids in an enormous ming vase had been placed on a table behind the couch .
the table had been a glittering visual delight of flame , crystal , and gold dinnerware and a lush flower arrangement of white hydrangeas .
her sex was a lush pink flower , the color of it decadently erotic in contrast to her pale thighs .
the fragrance of the liberated tendrils reached his nose - fruit and flowers , musky and sensual .
he shoved aside a small bottle of lotion , a jar of lip emollient , a couple of elastic headbands , some pens , and what appeared to be several carefully dried and pressed purple lotus flowers inserted into a plastic sleeve .
they 're extremely rare flowers .
they were arranged in a flower pattern , with a ` ` stem '' leading to the mainland .
while smaller than the palm islands , the flower seemed almost delicate , and as we drew closer i saw each individual island was actually very large .
but yet i did , '' he said , stopping to bring their clasped hands to his mouth for a quick kiss as they passed a florist , the front of the shop teeming with flowers in bright orange and yellows - late summer shades .
warmth bloomed inside her chest , like a big daisy flower in the summer .
with flowers in hand , sutton led the way .
arranging the flowers , i chuckled .
after stopping for flowers , i climbed the stairs to her apartment and had to admit i was in totally new territory .
i straightened my jacket and held the flowers up for her .
` ` the flowers ? ''
i would need to extricate myself from that situation before i approached my blossom .
` ` soon my little blossom . ''
she seemed embarrassed by her admission as she avoided my eyes ; just look at me blossom .
i had to think of my little blossom .
` ` you know what i see , i see a beautiful , vibrant blossom that 's being smothered to death by you because you ca n't get over the death of the woman you loved .
it would n't do to strangle my blossom 's one remaining parent in their living room the first time we met .
since meeting my blossom i ' ve been acting totally out of the ordinary , what was one more thing ?
it was by the third house viewing that i had the idea that maybe i should bring my blossom along with me on this house hunt .
` ` go ahead , finish your lunch blossom , we 'll talk later .
` ` look at me little blossom . ''
somehow with my blossom i think i could do two lifetimes and still not have enough .
how could anyone seek to crush a blossom ?
she hung her head and blushed , why would such an innocent question cause such a reaction unless , shit ... ` ` blossom , i ' m not insulting you sweetheart , i just wondered ... '' ` ` no , no , no , it 's not that , it 's just that ... my dad does n't like it . ''
i could care less but i did n't want my blossom feeling uncomfortable , though she did n't seem to notice the attention thank god , that 's just one more thing to make her feel self conscious .
this was the man who 'd been the only constant in her life , and no matter his treatment of her , i was sure my blossom had strong feelings for him , it 's just who she is .
the stupid fuck ; not now gideon , take care of blossom first , deal with him later .
` ` i ' m going to make you so fucking happy blossom , see if i do n't . ''
` ` blossom , wake up ... come on baby open your eyes . ''
i 'd also introduced her to another form of shopping , where someone else got to model the clothing while we got to sit and sip on champagne or in her case sparking cider and nibble on foie gras on toast points which i enjoyed and blossom turned up her nose at .
such a delight my little blossom .
` ` well you do now blossom , you have me . ''
i 'd decided against asking her about friends at school because i was pretty sure she had none but ... '' does anyone here bother you blossom ? ''
` ` hello blossom . ''
i knew she 'd never flown anywhere before , today was going to be a lot of firsts for my little blossom .
i kept the conversation light as we travelled to the airfield , which was easy because blossom jabbered the whole way with excitement .
so her questions had nothing to do with what you 'd expect of a female , especially one so young on her first flying adventure , instead my blossom wanted to know everything about the plane .
` ` blossom ! ''
now you choose to be stubborn blossom ?
right before my eyes my little blossom turned into an imp .
` ` blossom ... do n't . ''
` ` baby ... blossom , you 're so young ... you 're playing with fire . ''
` ` i ' m going to enjoy loving you my blossom . ''
` ` slow down blossom . ''
` ` do it gideon , please ... '' ` ` baby ... blossom ... '' i lost the battle when she clamped down on me and with her natural sensual instinct curled her hips up , drawing me in deeper .
chapter 12 i had to fight blossom off all night .
` ` blossom ... what 're you doing ? ''
` ` come ' ere blossom . ''
this had to have been planned , how did she know about my blossom ?
i needed to shut my mind off for now , there was nothing more i could do tonight except wait for my blossom to wake up and tell me she was going to be okay .
` ` blossom ... come on baby , come back to your gideon . ''
i wanted to expose her for the monster she was but there was no way to do that without getting blossom 's name involved and that i would n't do so i have to find another way .
` ` come in mom , dad , thanks for coming ... this is my blossom . ''
mom brushed blossom 's hair gently with her fingers as dad and i looked on .
` ` mom , dad , there is something you should know ... blossom 's pregnant . ''
i have n't told blossom yet though .
when blossom finally woke up again she was hungry .
` ` tell me blossom , there 's nothing you ca n't tell me , ever . ''
so instead we spent the time talking and kissing , lots of kissing because as blossom had put it , she needed the practice .
` ` blossom , baby there 's something i have to tell you . ''
` ` blossom , baby that 's just not true , look at me , you did n't kill your mother . ''
` ` blossom be calm , i do n't want you to have one either but if you believe our child will kill you then there 's no way i ' m going to let that happen . ''
but my blossom said it in all seriousness .
when you love someone as much as i love you little blossom , there is n't anything you wo n't do for them .
i wanted this shit over with so my blossom could bloom .
to ask an innocent like my blossom to do such a thing was not easy on me either , but i wanted her to be strong .
` ` do you have any idea how much i love you already little blossom ? ''
i tried to head her off at the pass but of course i 'd forgotten my blossom 's natural sensuality and what it does to me .
` ` fuck blossom , am i hurting you ? ''
` ` no , thank you blossom , you were perfect . ''
` ` you want me to fuck you now sweet blossom ? ''
` ` merciful fuck blossom . ''
` ` fuck ... you 're dangerous little blossom , you made me forget we 're not alone , now be a good girl and give me a couple hours okay ? ''
chapter 23 with this new development although it was likely impossible that anyone could bypass the safeguards i had in place , i was not about to leave blossom 's side .
i did n't share any of this with blossom as i joined her in the bed for pizza but my ears were pricked for the phone call i was expecting .
full exposure , which might mean getting blossom involved or just death ; either way they were both gon na die .
this way i was sure that blossom would be in good hands .
` ` blossom 's still asleep , i wrote down the instructions for her medicine .
` ` i 'll be home soon sweet blossom , soon as i finish here .
the thought of my blossom at the mercy of this man was almost too much for me to bear .
me reliving the horror of her father 's words while giving thanks that i had her and my blossom was just enjoying being close .
i watched on the screen as my blossom turned over in her sleep with a frown .
` ` what blossom , what do you need ? ''
` ` drop it blossom , i ' m staying home until you 're back on your feet at least .
` ` shit blossom ! ''
` ` do you know what i want to do with you little blossom ? ''
i looked back at blossom , did she know and if so why had n't she ever mentioned him ?
i put blossom in a chair and whispered in her ear .
that 's all i was going to say on the matter , i 'd told him the truth blossom would n't be happy now unless she knew where her friend was after finding him again after all this time .
chapter 31 i got jason settled in a room upstairs while blossom fussed around him making sure his every need was met .
i led blossom from the room without trying to be too obvious that i was in a hurry .
` ` i know blossom i ' m already on it ; anything specific you needed me to do ? ''
` ` i love you too my blossom . ''
` ` blossom do you remember that room i showed you ? ''
` ` look at me blossom . ''
knowing my blossom that would be easier said than done .
` ` if that 's what you want blossom then that 's what we 'll do . ''
gage inclined his head towards blossom .
she 'd agreed to have the sessions in house so blossom could be comfortable in her own surroundings and i made sure i was always on hand in case things went south and she needed me .
we 'd spent many nights after blossom had gone to bed talking .
` ` guess what little blossom .
` ` no blossom you 're not driving it , i took the bugatti away because of your speeding .
there were fresh flowers everywhere , even outside at this early fall day with chrysanthemums blooming in a rainbow of colors .
above my head was a wood pergola structure , and stretched out in front of me was a well - manicured garden , newly landscaped with trees , flowers and lush grass .
there were lush plants and brilliantly hued flowers all around it .
just like any typical english garden , it was surrounded with blooming flowers , bushes and trees with fresh fruits , especially berries .
there amongst the flourish of colors was the red mud - brick house tangled in vines dripping with blue flowers .
the last time i 'd seen it up close , it had blue flowers dripping off the vine wrapped around it .
now , half the flowers were on the ground , slowing decomposing .
the blossoms were all too perfect , and the prearranged bouquets all had little signs perched in them , with things like ` ` i love you '' embossed on plastic hearts .
and one year she did everything in brown paper with dried flowers and string .
tristan pulled over and bought a big pot with three different colors of flower plants , a bunch of indian corn and several decorative gourds .
see all these flowers ?
twelve my apartment was full of flowers again .
the bed is made of dark wood , and its headboard has been carved to match the mantle , depicting an elaborate scene with birds , butterflies , and flowers hidden among the leaves .
he brought me flowers , left little love notes on my desk on the evenings he volunteered .
my room has been flooded with flowers , mostly from people i do n't even know , and according to dad money has been pouring in .
i stare at the flowers .
i look up at the flowers .
i feel it too - like a blossom unfurling in my chest .
the lotus flower starts as a seed in the mud beneath a body of water and gradually grows upward until it reaches the surface to bloom .
a bouquet of red flowers was in one hand .
the grass was tall and green , littered with little purple , white , and yellow flowers , and the air smelled crisp and clean .
` ` about mud and blooming flowers .
the orange and purple flowers in the centerpieces were elaborate and undoubtedly cost more than i made in a month .
my eyes widen as i stare at the flowers .
the scent of flowers with a hint of lemon clings to the air in the glass enclosed property .
fresh flowers lay on top of it .
i take a step back , once again eyeing the flowers .
peach flowers were her favorite , i think .
i scream and reach for the vase of flowers he sent me .
dual winding staircases meet at the base of the foyer where there 's a round table sporting a huge vase of pink peony blossoms .
she takes a minute to navigate the rooms , lightly running her fingers along a gilded antique credenza and bending at the waist to smell the fresh arrangement of white blossoms on the coffee table .
there 's a beautiful , multi - tier cake with purple flowers , a band playing soft jazz , and , the best part , all of our friends and family .
` ` just because it does n't have flowers and rhinestones on it does n't mean it 's not a purse . ''
the centerpiece on each table initially looked tacky - artificial flowers with color - changing led lights on the edges of the leaves and flowers .
the centerpiece on each table initially looked tacky - artificial flowers with color - changing led lights on the edges of the leaves and flowers .
spread out across the bench was a satin kimono the color of cherry blossoms - pale pink that gradually morphed into a deep rose at the bottom hem .
she picked it up and rubbed the silky fabric against her skin , half expecting the sweet aroma of cherry blossoms to surround her .
chaz stood in the doorway holding an enormous bouquet of flowers .
the scent of orange blossoms and ginger perfumed the air from the candles on the dresser .
he 'd put on fresh sheets , her favorite ones , pale pink cotton emblazoned with cherry blossoms .
it 's called a lotus blossom .
after slipping on her cherry blossom robe , she arranged her hair in a messy knot on the top of her head , securing it with a pair of ornamental chopsticks shiori had given her .
on the outside , the design resembled a messy , misshapen spiderweb , but on the inside , over the center of her torso , was an exquisite flower , with perfectly shaped petals .
` ` the flower inside is a cherry blossom . ''
` ` the flower inside is a cherry blossom . ''
` ` as in real cherry blossoms is what smells so good ? ''
` ` kyoto has the biggest cherry blossom festival in japan .
* * * they spent the early part of the morning of day two at maruyama park beneath the cherry blossoms .
tonight the stillness in the atmosphere fit his mood , yet even without a breeze the sweet scent of cherry blossoms perfumed the air .
` ` the way your hair hangs symbolizes the long strands of blossoms on a weeping cherry tree . ''
resting on his knees next to her hip , ronin gathered a handful of cherry blossoms and sprinkled them above her .
` ` like a lusty earth goddess covered in cherry blossoms . ''
even the cherry - blossom scent could n't compete with the sweet musk that was all amery .
since you ' ve gone to all this trouble to form me into a swaying tree , then showering me with heavenly scented flower petals , and i ' m pretty sure you plan to make love to me outside in the moonlight beneath the cherry blossom tree . ''
since you ' ve gone to all this trouble to form me into a swaying tree , then showering me with heavenly scented flower petals , and i ' m pretty sure you plan to make love to me outside in the moonlight beneath the cherry blossom tree . ''
her smell - orange blossom and vanilla - suddenly seemed to be everywhere .
no flowers .
with flowers .
more flowers for keely from one of her many admirers .
` ` who 're the flowers for ? ''
` ` thanks for the flowers , too .
sky had no doubt kimi could charm the bees from the flowers .
` ` what kind of flower is that ? ''
picking wildflowers and winding the colorful blossoms through her braided hair .
we 're working on a new liquid hand soap that 'll infuse the scent of chokecherry blossoms . ''
the round emerald was nestled in the middle of silver vines , connected to clusters of small pink stones surrounded by rectangular diamonds that fanned out to create flowers .
bouquets of fragrant flowers .
after he 'd tanned the row a rich brown and finished the rough edges with a leather whipstitch , he 'd painted each tiny flower a different color .
chase closed his eyes , enjoying ava 's soft curves melting into him and smelling her orange blossom scented lotion .
like summer flowers . ''
orange blossoms . ''
she could spend hours marveling at tiny pink flowers blooming alongside a mud puddle .
there 's something about his quiet intensity that draws subs like bees to flowers . ''
ainsley convinced him to stop and pick up flowers for his mother , so they were late .
she recognized a small bird , a thick stem of a flower .
` ` flowers from your adoring husband .
so after the divorce , when i moved into the condo , i chose big , comfy pieces , without damn flowers or checks or stripes .
her mom had sent her flowers and balloons , stuffed animals and candy .
the fact she 'd insisted they get married here and she carried a bouquet of plum blossoms and her lip gloss spoke volumes to him .
` ` your expectations of how sex with me is going to play out - candlelight , flowers , chocolates and the release of beribboned doves at the moment of breaching my maidenhead - are not mine . ''
she 'd really thought he 'd hold out after lecturing her on sex in a ` ` proper '' bed , even after she 'd made the smart remark about his expectations of candlelight , flowers , chocolates and the release of beribboned doves at the moment of breaching her maidenhead - were not hers .
she 'd bought new sheets , cream - colored linen with pale lilac and mint green flowers , and added a chenille bedspread in the same soft green .
the outside of the white box had been decorated in marker and crayon with hearts and flowers .
the scent of jasmine and lemon blossom flooded her senses as a blurred , round shadow of a person rushed toward them , chattering in animated greek .
beneath the glass was a watermarked piece of fabric embroidered with a sweeping arc of simple flowers tied at the stem with a blue bow .
` ` if you look closely there are a couple of lovebirds hiding in the flowers , not the sort of symbolism most of my dreadful ancestors would think to incorporate .
large picture windows gleam in the sunshine , and the circular drive in the front is lined on both sides with flowers .
` ` i love you , i love you ... '' soon an orgasm began to blossom inside of her , unfolding like a flower as he moved into her , not stopping until she was shuddering against him , unable to continue speaking the words in her heart because she was so overcome .
nikolai had grown up thinking of a father as someone who spent the night in your mother 's bedroom , maybe once or twice a week , for limited time periods - but then disappeared for months before coming back with flowers , jewelry , and gifts for the boys .
and he had flowers in his hand .
` ` nyla kept giving me a hard time about parking behind ruth 's house , so ... '' he did n't finish , just held up the flowers .
she had on a tan sweater over a brown dress with little white flowers .
wren growled , but before he could lunge , more flowers were brought in by four of dev 's brothers .
` ` you 're the one who sent him all those flowers today , are n't you ? ''
his scowl only increased as he handed her the flowers and candy .
no man had ever given her flowers and candy before .
she had her hair up with tiny white flowers in it , but no veil .
she laughed , then sent her gloves to go pull up more flowers .
black marble stretched as far as i could see , reflecting our images back at us as we made our way through the opulence of carved nak*d statuary and exotic plants and flowers .
i watched in silence as he placed several strange weeds and flowers in a flagon .
platters crashed to the floor while bits of flowers , toys and other offerings scattered and rolled over the marble .
the curtains and comforter were beige with pink flowers .
with bright summer flowers in her dark auburn hair and dressed in a light gold gown , she 'd been an absolute vision .
she even had the black sas shoes and a white dress with little , dark blue flowers that matched her dark blue sweater .
sumi pulled some from her pocket to show her the delicate pink flower that marked the weed 's location .
that her hair smelled as sweet as spring flowers and that her breath fell against his neck , raising chills all over him .
and every day without fail , he sends over flowers for your mother to see . ''
she indicated the flowers with a wave of her hand .
the yard was neat and filled with flowers .
pele , the polynesian goddess , wore a swoop of deep pink and purple flowers across her br**sts .
a wicker basket filled with dried flowers and spices appeared on the smooth wooden table her father had crafted with his own hands , right down to the inlaid belador triquetra emblem .
` ` faith is not a learned skill ... but the blossom on the vine of hope , '' the soft female voice whispered in the silent room .
though there was little sunlight - just a few rays stole through the canopy - enormous flowers grew in profusion , subtly scenting the air .
when a breeze blew , rustling all the flowers , she set down her finished fruit .
the air was sultry , smelling of ... hawaiian tropic , flowers , and sex .
when his remaining claws seized her ass , lifting her to his mouth , her head fell back into the flowers .
orange , blue , red , and purple flowers bloom in small pops before they freeze , leaving waves of stained - glass color in their wake .
there 's a vase of flowers on a table , his duffel bag and a haphazard stack of schoolbooks on the couch .
he stands , hands clenched into fists at his sides , eyes moving over the simple script , the delicate flowers etched deep into polished granite .
there are flowers everywhere : row after row of seasonal blooms , cottage beds and wildflowers , hedges and lacy blossoms of every imaginable color .
the simple wooden table is set in bright red dishes , a bouquet of purple flowers spilling from a small vase in the center .
it seems to stretch for miles , with lawns so green they seem nearly fluorescent , and flowers of colors i do n't think i ' ve ever seen in nature before .
` ` a delicate flower in the spring .
he points out everything in front of us : flowers , trees , sidewalk , water , building , stone - and gives me the words in french , making me repeat them in a way that seems to grow more urgent , as if by weighing me down with knowledge i wo n't be able to simply climb on a plane and lift off in a few weeks .
the second and third floor apartments boast arched windows leading to individual balconies with ornate ironwork of tiny metal blossoms erupting from intricate molded vines .
tossing the towel aside , he thought longingly of the sweet black tea hodge used to brew from the night - blooming flowers in the greenhouse .
he closed his mouth with a snap just as the corridor opened out into a wide room whose floor was packed dirt and whose walls were lined with high stone pillars twined all over with vines and bright flowers bursting with color .
the inquisitor drooped like an unwatered flower .
clusters of delicate white flowers , the same ones she 'd seen in the necropolis with luke , starred the hills like occasional snowfall .
there were the rosebushes , denuded of their blossoms now and threaded with green weeds ; the stone benches that sat by empty pools ; and the hollow in the ground where he 'd lain with clary the night the manor collapsed .
black lines traced themselves across his forehead like a flower unfolding on a speeded - up roll of film .
all around him the other vampires were staring up at the sky , their white faces like night - blooming flowers , lifting to catch the moonlight as nightmare after nightmare streaked across the sky .
bunches of familiar - looking white flowers hung from baskets on the walls , filling the air with their spicy smells .
` ` i ' ve never been to a celebration that had downworlders at it before , '' said aline , looking nervously down the street , where a faerie girl whose long hair was braided with flowers - no , clary thought , her hair was flowers , connected by delicate green tendrils - was plucking some of the white blossoms out of a hanging basket , looking at them thoughtfully , and eating them .
the square smelled of white flowers , smoke , and leaves .
every downworlder 's blood smelled different - faeries smelled like dead flowers , warlocks like burnt matches , and other vampires like metal .
he stared out into the bar , looking - he was n't even quite sure why - for isabelle , but he could see only a sea of white faces turned toward him , and he remembered his first night in the dumont hotel and the faces of the vampires turned toward him , like white paper flowers unfolding against a dark emptiness .
he looked around , up and down the street , which was deserted , the rain exploding off the black pavement like fast - blooming flowers .
there were artfully placed huge pewter vases holding long - stemmed ivory flowers , and tables covered in white linen arranged in a circle around a raised stage on which a werewolf string quartet provided classical music .
smooth hexagonal stone tiles made up the flooring ; there were banks of flowers blooming under glass , and carefully clipped topiary hedges in the shapes of monsters and animals .
it was clear plastic , decorated with decals of colorful flowers .
the pillars were strung with lights in the shape of flowers .
gorgeous dresses - lace and satin and beads and flowers .
they had reached the top of the ridge , and somehow , in front of them , a fortress had sprung like a fast - blooming flower out of the ground .
relief opened like a flower in his chest .
the fountains pulsed blood , and what floated on top of the liquid was not flowers but open severed hands .
she wore jeans , a bright yellow parka , and a green scarf with big yellow cotton flowers .
shadowhunters stood or knelt or cast into the orange flames handfuls of the pale white alicante flowers that grew even in the winter .
small glowing flowers , like electric daisies , grew in among the moss , starring the green with white .
the one on the left shone with green leaves and bright flowers , and clary thought she saw the glimmer of blue sky in the distance .
white flowers were scattered along the aisle : the white flowers that grew only in idris .
night was falling , and the city lights were beginning to shine out one by one , a bed of electric flowers .
electric flowers .
in the center was a raised speaker 's lectern , decked with swords and flowers .
` ` faeries often choose objects from the natural world to send their messages in - acorns , leaves , flowers . ''
it bloomed like a flower against the clouded black sky : a sudden , silent explosion of flame .
the whole ceremony had gone by in something of a blur : vows , flowers , candlelight , her mother 's happy face , the glow in luke 's eyes .
it was shaded in here , and hidden , the ground all packed earth and roots , mountain mint with its starry white flowers growing around the trunks of the trees in clusters .
she had blue flowers in her hair that set off her sapphire - blue skin .
` ` you smell like a ripe blossom about to bloom . ''
brightly colored flowers lined the paver walkway , as did bushes i 'd seen in the desert but could n't name .
in the dark , i could n't tell if the flower was purple or red .
he was near one of the bare cherry - blossom trees , just standing there .
i opened my mouth , but my denials withered up like a dead flower .
abbot picked at a leafy blossom from one of the nearby plants .
something inside me - something stupid that needed to be stabbed to death - opened up like a blossom seeing the sun for the first time .
branches on a few late - blooming cherry blossoms in the distance swayed .
her gaze moved from the faint pink blossoms to the people scurrying along the sidewalk and darting across the street , dodging taxis and towncars .
` ` nice flowers . ''
she headed up the paved walkway , passing the sweet scented early summer flowers .
the trees cleared away , revealing a grassy field blanketed with tiny , white flowers .
your dad paid a moving service to pack up all these flowers , balloons , and gift baskets , '' grant said as he pointed to the room full of tokens of everyone 's wishes and congratulations .
the congregation had stopped by to check on her daily , and the parsonage had been flooded with casseroles , pies , and flowers .
it smelled like flowers .
lots of flowers .
giant coach lanterns illuminated five storeys of balconies climbing the four walls - there had to be a hundred of them , each adorned with a wrought - iron windowbox overflowing with flowers in vibrant sunset hues .
i started playing the day through in my head - the flowers , the doting , the gentle nudges and touches .
she adored the flowers and the balconies .
as if to fit the farm feel , the walls were covered in floor - to - ceiling wallpaper of dusty - rose and green flowers .
a pile of fresh , white flowers lay there .
a strange , perverse pleasure blossoms inside of me as i watch the woman who had no issues stepping in to rip my life right out from under me giggle away with a friend , unaware of my presence .
picture after picture of flowers and bows and a giant f**king white dress plaster his wall .
the kind of magic that has protected generations of life from its precious beginning until its fragile end ; has watched love blossom and then die , has listened to the sobs of a broken heart and the eventual laughter again .
they trample each other to catch flying flowers .
a makeshift altar - an archway covered in orange blossoms - is situated next to us .
` ` i love the orange blossoms , '' she says to mama , smiling .
her eyes roll over the field to our left , covered in pale yellow flowers .
and then a new worry blossoms .
she can blow through fifty thousand dollars in just flowers and invitations . ''
there were dozens of e - mail messages from my mother with photo attachments of dresses and flowers and wedding venues , reminding me that i needed to talk with her about dad paying for the ceremony .
the flowers , the venue ... '' ` ` we 're getting married on the beach , '' i said , the idea just coming to me .
the gardens are weeded and cut back and there 're a few tiny purple flowers blooming throughout .
connor swings by to check up on me every day , bringing me flowers and cupcakes and a ` ` get well '' bear .
he does cute things like send me flowers and call me throughout the day to say hello .
took her out to dinner and sent her flowers a lot .
i ' ve never sent a woman flowers .
the entire space is adorned with various tropical flowers .
rowan was frowning just a little at the flowers , as if the flowers were talking to her in a quiet and secret tongue .
she was staring at the bacon-'n'-eggs lantana - the wildly grown hedge of little brown and orange flowers .
mona watched with a fearful fascination as she drank without ever moving her eyes from the distant flowers .
her eyes were moist , and the feeling of sadness was so deep suddenly that scents of deirdre 's funeral returned , the engulfing presence of perfumed white flowers .
he found himself enveloped by the scents of the scotch pines , the dark cold earth beneath his feet , the brave blades of early spring grass crushed beneath his shoe , the faint scent of new flowers .
the torches nearly die in the wind , then bloom again like ghastly flowers .
rowan was smoking a cigarette which she tapped now above a fine china saucer with flowers along the edge .
these are but flowers of the seeds you planted when we began this together .
the breeze stole through the shrubbery as it always had , grabbing loose petals and leaves and little blossoms here and there , and tumbling them across the purple flags , then dying away to nothing .
the blossoms looked pink here and there in the headlights .
he could see a lush and wild english garden spreading towards the lake and towards the forest , banks of flowers just coming into bloom .
he wanted to stand here , to see this - this serene lake , to his right , water interrupted and framed now by the delicate fruit trees with their pale , fluttering flowers .
the flowers had begun to glow .
' oh , mary , we crown thee with blossoms today , queen of the angels , queen of the may .
oh , mary , we crown thee with blossoms today ... . ' ` ` she rocked on her knees , her hand on her belly , the baby rocking gently with the music , her red hair all around her now , looking magnificent in the water of the womb , as if it were orange ink dropped into water , billowing out , that weightless , that translucent , that beautiful .
oh mary we crown thee with blossoms today , queen of the angels , queen of the may , oh mary we crown thee ... ` ` are you reading the pages , mary jane ? ''
and there , look , blossoms glowing in the dark , that was wisteria .
` ` make a raft , a raft , all full of flowers , you know , '' mona said .
and in summer we brought flowers aplenty ; and indeed , deputations were kept going all day and night into the woodlands to find flowers and fresh green boughs .
the seed shall sprout , the leaves unfurl , the boughs shall give forth blossoms , that once the nettles tried to kill , and strong men sought to trample .
the fragrance of flowers and green things , of living things and breathing soil , was everywhere .
the prince had sent couriers ahead , and as beauty 's hair was dressed with white flowers , he told her they would reach his castle by afternoon if they were to hurry .
the hair of the princesses was being combed and studded with flowers .
beauty did not look up but she could see the long garlands of flowers , the dim white vision of the canopy ballooning gently in the breeze , and a host of figures seated behind the festooned railing of the pavilion .
but her lovely captors had taken down the painted paddles from her cage and from tristan 's , flashing these exquisite articles in the light so that beauty saw the intricacy of the ornate curlicues and flowers , and the pale blue ribbons streaming from the handles .
even the ceiling above was a stone tapestry of flowers and spirals .
she glimpsed blossoms of all hues , and for one paralyzing instant she saw that the vast garden was filled with gilded and caged slaves as well as other beautiful creatures fixed in dramatic positions atop marble pedestals .
the room seemed royal to beauty because it was immense , its walls covered in delicate flower mosaics , its windows screened and draped in sheer gold cloth , its great white bed strewn with gold satin pillows .
there are only flowers , spirals , repetitive designs that suggest a continuum .
and when we reached the archway , he paused , his eyes moving over the little paradise of trees and flowers , over the slaves already tethered as we would soon be tethered .
navigating the streets of london , dancing the quadrille , the japanese art of flower arranging , lying at charades , concealing a highly intoxicated state , delighting young women with my charms ... '' tessa stared .
a low glass bowl of white flowers decorated the table 's center .
she thumped to the ground as jessamine raised her parasol , and with a flick of jessamine 's wrist , the parasol burst open like a flower .
15 foreign mud ah god , that love were as a flower or flame , that life were as the naming of a name , that death were not more pitiful than desire , that these things were not one thing and the same !
there was pain in seeing him like this , his face full of hopeless pleading , bruises blossoming on his cheekbones like ugly flowers , his fair hair still matted in places with blood .
` ` just big enough for one flower stem to soak in water , '' i said .
we could hardly find a seat because of the flower arrangements and baby gifts cluttering the room - in fact , the whole house .
everything that was supposed to be blooming was laden with brilliant flowers , and everything that was supposed to bear fruit was heavy with it .
` ` well , the yard 's strangely full of flowers .
the flowers would bloom and flourish , the bulbs would spread , the grass ... well , it was growing like wildfire .
insects hummed and buzzed , and the stackhouse yard bloomed and bloomed with flowers and fruit and all sorts of vegetation .
victoria woke with a gasp and found herself lying in a field of yellow flowers .
as flowers crushed beneath their feet , sweetly alluring fragrances filled the air .
it was festooned with flowers : bluebells and foxgloves and harebells and daffodils , but also with violets and lilies , with tiny crimson dog - roses , pale snowdrops , blue forget - me - nots and a profusion of other flowers dunstan could not name .
each flower was made of glass or crystal , spun or carved , he could not tell : they counterfeited life perfectly .
` ` on the side of mount calamon a grove of glass flowers grows .
` ` the use and function of these flowers is chiefly decorative and recreational ; they bring pleasure ; they can be given to a loved one as a token of admiration and affection , and the sound they make is pleasing to the ear .
said dunstan , and with that he leaned across the stall , amid the twinkling jingling of the crystal flowers , and planted a chaste kiss on her soft cheek .
five girls sat beside , and upon the branches of , the oldest apple tree in the orchard , its huge trunk making a fine seat and support ; and whenever the may breeze blew , the pink blossoms tumbled down like snow , coming to rest in their hair and on their skirts .
` ` a flurry of hastily suppressed giggles amid the apple blossom .
` ` the other girls shrieked , and flung handfuls of apple blossom at her , and none shrieked more loudly , or flung more blossom , than victoria forester .
` ` the other girls shrieked , and flung handfuls of apple blossom at her , and none shrieked more loudly , or flung more blossom , than victoria forester .
drinks nectar from flowers .
the flowers of it are a most attractive shade of orange .
the wounds on its dappled flanks , which had blossomed like red flowers under the lion 's claws the day before , were now dried to brown and scabbed over .
a glass flower .
wes appeared a moment later , his swim trunks covered in big red hawaiian flowers on a white background contrasting with his tanned skin - all that tanned skin wrapping his muscles .
kaderin had contemplated cheerier scenarios ... as she smelled the cherry blossoms , she thought of the violence she had meted out over her long life , culminating in the minefield carnage last night .
other cliffs surrounded the water on three sides , and as the wind rushed in , white blossoms danced on the swirling air .
above her , blossoms swirled in the moonlight .
it read , born to blossom , bloom to perish - g.s .
reminded of that , he offered her the flowers .
in answer , she wiggled her fingers , motioning for the flowers .
the smell of last year 's garden drifted up past him : musty dandelion fluff , dried jasmine blossoms , and the last of the sweet clover used for their beds .
she was still wearing the cotton sundress with the blue flowers and honeybees , her hair done up in a gray and black braid at the base of her neck .
from the window overhead , her mother called for meg and em , and like flowers to the sun , they turned , happy with the world and at peace with the universe as they raced to a cool bath and a soft bed .
they think i ' m some kind of wandering storyteller , and it was either take these or the nasty honey made from sedge flowers . ''
the only plant life i 'd seen was tough and herbaceous , something that i 'd never give a second glance at if i was home , but here , the tiny flowers stood out .
nasturtium blossoms ?
maybe we could stick with just three flowers .
` ` only three flowers ? ''
even david seemed happy despite there being just three flowers and only two actually looking pretty .
the moist wind tugged unfamiliarly at my hair , and i reached up to find a ring of wilting flowers .
but as i counted the new blossoms yet to open on the orchid , the thought of the end of magic rang through me with a new clarity .
jenks 's wings buzzed as he flitted from flower to flower like a hummingbird .
ku'sox said , looking amused , but seeing a black haze blossom on his hand , i bubbled us .
it belonged to a witch , i was guessing , by the flowers arranged in an antihex circle by the back door .
i tensed as an influx of mystics warned me of something , but before i could figure it out , a blossom of orange rose up over the surrounding low buildings and trees where the roadblock was .
marsha 's front door had a corkboard for leaving notes , decorated with flowers and a smiley face with fangs .
i froze when he reached out and the glow vanished from his hand to blossom anew over the vampire - swamping him in a heartbeat .
two rivers flowed out of the alabaster columns in front and wound through the flowers , cascading over the sides of the cliff in the clouds to shower the stars .
summer reminded her of blooming flowers and blooming flowers reminded her of colors , so many colors , and life , such vibrant life .
exotic flowers and flourishing ivy .
there were bushes and flowers and bright green grass , plus a cement pathway leading to the steps of a wraparound porch .
both had cobalt velvet cushions at the back and rear , and swirling flowers had been carved into the wood .
fresh flowers overflowed from end tables , and the edges of a finely woven rug were fringed with those same flower petals .
his lips were soft and lush , as pink as flower petals .
we quickly stormed the house , leaving the heat of the afternoon behind us , along with the trees and birds and colorful flowers that encompassed the home .
the colorful array of flowers painted into her skin : lilies , roses , orchids , and lush emerald leaves were raised in places , he noticed .
lots of white marble , luscious trees , and colorful arrays of flowers .
they rose above the surface of grass and flowers , towering trees , and into a midmorning sky , the sun half - hidden behind a thick shield of clouds .
fields of green grass , and meadows rich with dewy flowers .
below that , he saw arcing trees , lush , green grass and a colorful spread of flowers .
multiple times you ' ve sent me books and flowers and chocolates .
she gaped at the grand stone stairway outside , with flowers blooming on both sides , leading to something straight out of a fairy tale .
the backyard had a large garden teeming with sweet - smelling flowers and lush green vines , everything shrouded by a thin , glittering veil of mist - and were those fairies buzzing about ?
the scent of flowers intensified .
each overflowed with white , winter flowers and emitted a honey scent .
` ` i ' m getting a little tired of your insults , flowers .
the walls were covered in murals of flowers and vines , each a multihued feast to his gaze .
there were lush emerald trees and blooming flowers of every color .
overwarm , stuffy air became cool and fragrant , a mix of good and bad aromas : fresh flowers , car exhaust , baked breads and cloying perfume .
they stood inside her cloud , flowers of every kind scattered across the floor , on the walls , even dripping from the ceiling .
the glittery white flowers she 'd hung from the ceiling were thick and lush and offered a canopy , a haven .
spacious , with silver stone walls plastered with portraits of flowers and stars .
as if in a trance , he closed the distance between them , the scent of night flowers suddenly filling his nose .
bright red flowers curved beneath them .
fresh flowers bloomed from vases , sweetly scenting the air .
lots and lots of flowers .
her dark curls bounced around her shoulders , intermittently hiding and revealing the glittery flower petals woven throughout .
the mist thinned , cleared , and he saw that they were in the heart of an ambrosia field , the tall flowering vines rising from the ground , pink flowers reaching toward the glowing sun .
the velvet curtains , the flowers blooming from the walls , the polished wood and the alabaster statues of too - tall men with too many muscles ... ... all dripping ...
there was no green , no colorful flowers .
bianka held up a flowing swath of blue material with sequined flower appliques sewn into the top and layer after layer of lacy ruffles at the bottom .
` ` the kind with flowers , candlelight and a bejeweled goblet filled with his probably diseased blood . ''
the ceiling arched in the center , and vines teeming with golden flowers grew from the edges .
the sun was brighter than usual , casting golden rays over the rows of multicolored flowers and alabaster statues tiberius had commissioned of himself , synda , queen penelope and leopold .
she searched the area , and found a raging fire spreading through the flowers .
she met his gaze , no longer surprised to find eyes no longer the color of flowers , but black , like endless cesspools .
thirteen catch the little foxes for us , the little foxes that are ruining the vineyards , while our vineyards are in blossom .
she stood inside a shaded courtyard , jewel - toned flowers blooming in every direction , interspaced between towering white columns .
multicolored flowers hung from the ceiling , and black velvet embedded with faux - diamond lights draped the walls .
without continuing his bantering innuendo , jamie gazed about the place , taking in her myriad plants and flowers , the primitive art on the walls .
the one who 'd sent me flowers ?
even flowers .
` ` did you like the flowers ?
the only flowers i ' ve ever seen are wildflowers , or apple blossoms in the amity orchards .
i walk past a potted plant with a garish flower blossoming among its branches , and toward the dormitory that has become our temporary home here .
chapter twenty - five tobias tris and i meet nita in the hotel lobby after midnight , among the potted plants with their unfurling flowers , a tame wilderness .
small paintings with gilded frames line the walls , and just outside david 's office is a pedestal with a bouquet of flowers on it .
the flowers look beautiful and savage in the daylight , like vicious creatures suspended in time , motionless .
he kisses where the knot was , where there 's now an indentation of what almost looks like a flower on my skin .
she sat next to him and her scent curled in the air like a breeze , citrus and flowers and sunshine .
~~ * * * ~~ with nothing else to do but wait for the final tribal council , alys and i spent the day making grass skirts , bikini tops made out of banana leaves , and wove flowers and green leaves into our braided hair .
the drawings were mostly of things under the sea , but then there was a section of other creatures , including crickets and dragonflies under trumpet - shaped flowers .
` ` see , this blossom is the focus .
what scared me was the tiny blossom of acceptance .
just silly stuff , like flowers and fruit , but it 's fun .
she loved this dress , with its tiny hand - stitched red flowers along the hem .
the woman had long white hair pulled neatly back into a bun and wore a white dress with elaborately embroidered flowers .
with a few quick keystrokes , the pictures changed from photos of babies , flowers , war demonstrations , and other random acts of violence , to what felt like the evening news .
she tasted like wild flowers and sweet vanilla mixed with the forbidden .
` ` flowers ?
i was about to turn back , but caught a whiff of exotic flowers , fresh ocean air , sunshine , and fruit .
the area surrounding his estate was a tropical oasis of palm trees , lush green plants , and bright tropical flowers - oranges , yellows , and reds - that contrasted with the monochromatic starkness of the surrounding desert .
tuscan - style fountains with colorful lights , elaborate cactus gardens with exotic flowers , and southwestern - style adobe casitas were scattered around the grounds .
the little box could mimic and transmit almost any energy pattern - a frog , a cat , a flower , just about anything .
` ` not one flower bloomed in the western hemisphere that year .
and without flowers , no food .
a woman in a dingy white cotton dress , with little red flowers embroidered on the hem , stared back with large dark brown eyes from the corner of the room .
although her home had those natural clay tile floors ( kept things cooler ) , the rest of the house was bright and cheery with lots of windows and light , tons of fun mexican artesania - little clay statues , handwoven tapestries , and hand - stitched pillows with bright red flowers .
he 'd never smelled a more enticing fragrance : tropical flowers mixed with a slight hint of those roasted chili peppers from her kitchen and fresh ocean air .
soup , fresh - squeezed juice , flowers , a platinum visa .
the house had been transformed with flowers and decorations .
i was a sucker for fresh flowers , irises being my favorites .
winter flowers in tasteful vases with prisms throwing rainbows on the tables and walls .
i preened at the compliment and took the bunch of flowers from his hands .
i pressed my face into the blossoms and breathed in their smell .
i wiped my nose , once i had located the tissues and eyed the flowers warily .
some were things as small as a tiny flower , others were people he saw in town .
there were flowers everywhere .
i had sent a bouquet of flowers to ruby 's house .
one is yellow with big pink flowers blooming on the ni**les , and the other has ` ` flirt '' written in purple block letters across the butt .
a line of flowers and hearts dances across the top .
it 's something that blossoms slow or hits us hard , something that stirs and builds gradually , or something that shocks us with its sudden intensity .
like water to parched soil , that warmth filled me up until i felt it blossom into something else - pride .
it was covered in what seemed to be thousands of white and yel ow flowers and a mil ion raindrops .
how could that miracle , that child they proclaimed to be the ` ` blossom of life , '' have become something so dark , so tainted , that the wish they had for her to breathe would one day become the mistake they regretted ?
a layer of my soul slowly peeled away like an unfurling blossom , petal by petal .
my eyes followed the vertical columns of maples to a deliciously colourful display of twisting climbers , shrouded with palm - sized purple and white flowers .
they look like purple cherry blossoms . ''
each headstone we passed displayed names , dates , flowers , some even pictures of those who laid beneath - every little detail showing the life they once belonged to .
as i finally reached his side , my red blossom wilted , tar seeping up its veins , soaking away the colour around the shrinking petals until , finally , they fell like black snow toward my ruby slippers .
i looked into the small box , and a red blossom shimmered back ; a ruby rose , with two emeralds on either side .
my ruby ring suddenly felt heavy - almost as if i was wearing the pain in my soul ; i picked up the cold , thornless blossom and pressed it to my nose , spotting my ipod on the sill underneath it .
i ran my fingers over the yellow and silver embroidered cherry blossoms , flowing like a swarm of butterflies over the fitted bodice of my white dress .
` ` it 's a brooch , '' she said , turning the delicate glass blossom in my open palm .
i jumped off the stool and hugged her tight , gripping the sapphire blossom in my hand .
we placed the brooch , after much deliberation , to the largest cherry blossom on the bodice , right where the skirt met my hips , and as everyone stepped back to take a look at me , i drew a deep breath and squared my shoulders .
i sat taller and peered out the front windshield at the wide expanse of countryside ; lush , green grass lining endless fields , yellow flowers sprinkling a touch of colour across it , and a blue sky that went on forever over the distant trees .
the sky went on forever over a darker blue in the distance , what i assumed was the ocean , and the gardens mike mentioned earlier shone proudly below us ; greens and creams of grass and stone paths , and sprinklings of colour from cherry blossom trees and rose bushes .
the sweet , sharp scent of lilies and cherry blossoms filtered summer perfume into the warm evening .
` ` and this is my favourite blossom . ''
he slowly rolled me back in his arm , tipping me toward the ground ; my hair swept the rug where it hung down , the blossom falling from its place , landing alone on the floor by our feet .
we walked the entire path , coming to rest by the rectangle pond again , in a circled section that housed a small white seat and a sundial , surrounded by wispy little stems with snowflake flowers .
i sighed , watching a dragonfly whiz past , then drop down and kiss the white and pink blossoms that fell into the water , coming in diagonally on the whisper of the breeze .
even the weeds , tipped with furry flowers that broke into motes of dust when i passed them , looked pretty in the wild , because they were meant to be here .
all they wanted was a little love , a little encouragement , and when given anything - did n't matter if it was a flower from outside , a pin from my hair that one of them liked , or a new pack of pencils - they were just so grateful it was heartbreaking .
there was a warm buzz in the air with the sound of life , and under the heat that saturated the room there was a gentle sound of dripping water and a rich soil flavour settling on the scent of newly budding flowers .
they were so soft , so full , fit so perfectly into my hands , and i wanted to tell her that i 'd never seen such purity in a girl - the pale pink of her nipple , the way it set so softly into her milk - white skin , like she was some kind of angel or white blossom i had plucked from the garden of eden .
` ` the willow is green ; flowers are red .
the flower is not red ; nor is the willow green . ''
there was a dance , and balloons and flowers and cheaply made rings and all sorts of lame teddy bears and stuffed animals , as if teenagers can be wooed with the same shit as five - year - olds .
` ` i ' m fine looking at trees and flowers , '' i add .
the flowers are tied with string , obviously handpicked .
dakota leaned down to kiss her cheek - the l.a . way , as hallie was learning - and then presented her with a small posy of flowers .
it was march ; the tree - lined streets of beverly hills were bright with blossoms , and grace was turning seventeen .
there are huge vases of red and purple fresh flowers everywhere , silver platters of canapes , and a bunch of silent wait staff circulating .
from the white , canopied awnings to the spotless tables , overflowing with pink cupcakes and even pinker flower arrangements , the garden was beautiful , a testament to what a husband with a private equity fortune could achieve .
flora 's paintings were pedestrian , to say the least : endless dreamy watercolors of flowers and pastoral scenes that ella had once described as ` ` not so much art as a visual sleeping pill . ''
after slowly placing her bag on the dresser , alice stepped out onto the dark balcony , inhaling the scent of blossom and an unfamiliar city .
` ` jasmine , perhaps , and cherry blossom . ''
with lemon trees dotted around the slim pool outside , hot - pink flowers spilling over the long balcony , and even vines twisting up the inside walls in an unexpected garden , of all the hotels they 'd seen , this was the one she 'd pick for ella - and herself .
my eyes were set dead straight , at a head of long blonde curls , twisted into a wreath of tumbling red flowers .
vases , expensive - looking and delicate , held glass flowers , folded from the torch light ; a small porcelain cupid perched on one leg beside a snowy vase , a silver plate engraved in latin beside that .
but more stunning were the flowers tumbling in chains from the ceiling - roses , black roses with white leaves , strung together and hung from the beams far above the frozen spectacle below .
he chuckled , turning around and plucking one from the stem , admiring it in his hand , straitening the outer petals so they conformed to the perfect circle the rest of the flower created .
it stood beneath a large cherry blossom tree , planted in the center of the concrete - and - plastic - clad courtyard we called the quad .
my gaze darted to the blossom of the autumn - flowering cherry tree , eyes trailing the frail pink petals as they descended , spiraling in slow circles toward the ground .
only the falling blossom remained crisp : a rotating plume , falling , slow , slower , slow enough that i felt i could reach out and catch each petal from the air .
then without tearing my eyes away from the falling blossom , i let go of the sword and slipped a small knife out of the scabbard instead .
` ` your highness , '' i managed , eyes fixed firmly on a blossom petal , partly crushed below the edge of my shoe .
they hung from the railings lining the steps leading up to the quad , or else had seated themselves on the benches , odd blossom petals settling in their hair .
behind him i could see the breeze stirring the uppermost petals of the cherry blossom tree , snatching them from the branches to the ground , to be trampled beneath the feet of the students aware that the bell had rung .
the autumn - flowering blossoms on the tree were putting up a fierce fight , but the wind was winning , sweeping the petals high into the air and away over the buildings .
they stood on a large sky - blue rug , decorated like a paint - flecked canvas , with thousands of gold flowers and fleur - de - lis .
a fourth stood perfectly upright among tall vases of flowers , dwarfed by his height .
suddenly , he was in front of me , the cherry blossoms settling in a circle around where my hands rested on the tabletop for support , as i arched away from them both .
i kept watching his lips for another second , then threw myself to the left , marching straight past the cherry blossom tree and its plaque to kurt holden , parting the crowd with ease .
next was a flowerpot filled with white flowers with yellow centers , shaped like tiny gramophones , which precariously clung to tumbling , ivy - like stems hanging over the edge of my desk .
dropping to my knees and reading the label , i found out they were from the entire mortheno family , and that the flowers were called ` ` convolvulus '' and symbolized humble perseverance .
i had known it was a sagean tradition to shower a girl with flowers on important birthdays , but even i was shocked by the number and their senders .
into its metal were worked the athenean crest , leaves , trees , flowers , and maple leaves .
zane stared at the row of delicate white flowers stemming from a sleek black pot , nonplussed until he realized what it was .
ty turned onto a cobblestone alley of stone walls covered with ivy and blooming flowers .
he cut the hollow of the jacket to weaken it so it would expand like a flower on impact , rather than penetrate deeply .
a dried flower .
her hair frames her face in loose waves , setting off her beauty like flowers in springtime .
jen points at two girls lying side by side on a navy quilt with white flowers embroidered in dizzying patterns , their feet sunk in ditches over the pillow .
she points to a pale - blue cake covered in a smooth layer of fondant , with tiny white flowers dotting their way to the top in a lacy pattern .
well , a small cherry - stained city with large white clouds on top , but nevertheless ... fresh flowers sit in a cut - crystal vase in one corner .
the flowers alone cost more than the car i ' m driving . ''
i opted for the full honeymoon package , which included enough candles to burn down half the state , not to mention an explosion of red and pink flower petals .
the flowers are beautiful . ''
the elton house bed and breakfast has been transformed both inside and out to reflect the blessed event with an explosion of flowers in every shade of pink .
skyla holds the scent of the air in springtime , like fresh cut flowers releasing their sweet perfume , and i inhale until my lungs are ready to burst from the effort .
logan hoists her up as if she were no heavier than a bouquet of flowers and lays her across the seat before strapping her in .
to emma , flowers and candy are simply orgasms in the making .
logan near midnight , dudley 's overgrown home blossoms into a den of debauchery and perversion .
his words swirl through my mind like flowers around a maypole , like butterflies and warm tropical breezes .
a lewd grin blossoms on his lips because obviously he approves of my brain malfunction .
she offers another full embrace , and i take in her scent - spring flowers and cotton candy .
everything 's so vibrant here , it 's as if the flowers , the expansive emerald lawn , it all cries out in a choir of glory to the master .
chairs are laid out in neat white rows with a trail of flowers that lead from the house to the neck of the forest where an elaborate arch woven with lavender wisteria hovers like a rainbow .
` ` i 'll try to use the least amount of flowers possible , '' i offer .
the perfume of heaven breezes around us like a coat made of the most exotic flowers .
sadness blossoms like a flower under the warm supervision of logan 's morbid sunlight .
her mask is of an overly done up woman , pearl skin , large pink lips bloom like cherry blossoms , eyelids elongate like bright blue eggs .
a heavenly scent of exotic blossoms greets us - so sickly sweet is the aroma of their nectar , i swear , there must be calories involved .
her coal black hair enwreathes her face , makes her lips pop like cherry blossoms .
a steep narrow trail leads to a beautiful expanse filled with wild flowers that glow in the night , writhe in the breeze like cattails .
the metal hooks that run along either side of the back are shaped as intricate metal flowers .
two giant wreaths of flowers lie on either side of her like bookends .
they dance around his face like a rainbow of exotic flowers , sparkle like cut glass .
its bright red flowers dot the plain fat leaves like miniature trumpets .
i walked a small eternity down a white aisle with what looked like flower petals at my feet .
it 's heavily scented with the sweet smell of moist earth , the juniper bushes with their fragrant star shaped flowers expelling their sweetness .
i press my palm into my jeans and watch the red flower of my existence expand by inches every second .
it feels good razing over the truth , watching it rise and blossom in our conversation , natural as breathing .
reaching behind her she plucks at the smallest turquoise butterfly nestled in a bed of red makeshift flowers and plucks at it until a tiny door opens .
` ` i ' ve never had a boy give me flowers before . ''
at the end of the day , it was never fair of me to toy with evelyn , especially not by plying her with flowers and dinner .
the sushi looks great like small gothic flowers set in a neat row .
i pull back the blanket and sit up as a warm stream of blood blossoms through my jeans .
` ` did you get the flowers ? ''
reese smells like paradise , vanilla and spring flowers .
a crystal chandelier blossoms from the ceiling , and i peer inside before bothering to knock .
` ` ' stem to their flower ' !
i have a line of brightly colored flowers that fall down my spine on vines .
` ` what kind of flowers are they ? ''
he smirks and holds the flowers out for me .
simple centerpieces of orange , fall flowers grace each table .
` ` the flowers are colorful and delicate , just like her , he used to say .
` ` thank you for the ridiculously gorgeous flowers . ''
local farmers and businesses set up tents and tables to display everything from fresh seasonal flowers to jellies and jams and handmade crafts .
ty squeezes more sauce onto me , writing ty + lo on my skin , then surrounds it with simple flowers , all connected with stems that end just above my pubic bone .
the zoo strings hundreds of thousands of lights , all throughout the zoo , in shapes of animals and flowers and landscape scenes .
` ` thank you for the beautiful flowers . ''
the house is a white colonial style home with manicured lawns and beautiful , colorful flower beds .
he sniffs the delicate flower before extending it to me .
i bury my nose in the blossom and peek up at him through my lashes .
they live in a new subdivision in north seattle where most of the houses look alike ; well - kept lawns , small front porches with hanging baskets of colorful flowers and kids riding bicycles on the sidewalks .
there is a riot of color from all the flowers , reds and yellows , purples , pinks .
` ` are n't the flowers pretty , sophie ? ''
the ballroom has been decorated beautifully , with colorful flower centerpieces , twinkling lights and candles .
and the flowers !
all the hundreds of flowers .
i pick up my phone and send him a text to thank him for the flowers then get back to work .
by noon i have six bouquets of flowers spread all over my office , with wonderful , sweetly written cards from my family .
i step back and gesture at all the flowers and he smirks .
my dining room table boasts a gorgeous display of pink frosted cupcakes stacked on several tiers , and the top tier is a small eight - inch round cake frosted in white and covered in delicate pink flowers .
` ` damn , '' matt mutters , and i look around the room to see the girls grinning and the boys looking at nate with respect on their handsome faces and i feel a wide smile blossom on my lips .
` ` you all sent me flowers and texts and called me . ''
i turn around and take in the room , the flowers , the fire , and i look into nate 's gray eyes for a long minute .
the room is decorated in tiffany blue and white with simple white flower bouquets on the tables , white table linens and tiffany blue napkins and touches here and there .
jill hands me a huge bouquet of flowers , pink roses with calla lilies .
lyle comes walking out of the glass office with both his arms loaded down with gorgeous red flowers .
even in the fall , when most of the flowers have died , and the leaves are turning , it 's a sight to behold with paths and benches and fruit trees .
the dress is flesh - colored with red and orange flowers beaded in small patches .
he holds the flowers out to me .
the guests are beautifully dressed , wandering around , chatting or finding their assigned seats at one of the many round tables , set with soft pink linens and large pink bouquets of flowers and tea - light candles .
cherry blossoms , looping around the music , down her stomach , over her ribs .
` ` i like the outside , '' i comment , taking in the rose bushes and cherry - blossom trees that will be blooming in a couple of months .
the yard is blooming brightly with fragrant summer flowers .
` ` do the cherry blossoms mean something to you ? ''
he kisses my shoulder , over the pink flowers there , and down to my chest .
it 's in an established neighborhood , on the bigger side , with a huge blooming cherry blossom tree in the front yard .
it has large , white lace flowers and is cropped to hit her right above her pierced navel .
meg is oohing and ahing over the flowers , the china , even the party favors at each place , and will is watching her with soft , love - filled eyes .
and he brought me flowers .
i can already picture the white twinkling lights strung throughout the tent in my head , the tables set up and decorated with beautiful flowers , smiling people dancing and laughing .
love blossoms .
she 'd planted two enormous terracotta planters with a wealth of flowers and they sat on either side of the front door .
lily 's dress was salmon - coloured with spaghetti straps and dainty hot - pink flowers embroidered in it .
all of them silent , some of them carrying candles , others holding bunches of flowers or tins .
as the warriors at the steps stood sentry , flowers , tins and lit candles were placed on the steps as wolves came forward giving callum a nod and sonia a smile before giving their gifts .
a rich taupe camisole with dusty , lilac flowers imprinting the silk jacquard , trimmed in delicate taupe lace .
to one side , there was a table set up with a massive cake on it that had white frosting and a shitload of pink and purple frosting flowers that said happy birthday , frankie , presents placed all around it .
he has n't had the pleasure of watching a child he created blossom into something beautiful , smart , and strong .
the roof of the gazebo was dripping in flowers .
he grinned at her , closed the door , and rounded the hood , meeting cheryl on the short , cement walk that led to her front door , a walk that was trimmed on each side with a thick , bushy , healthy line of what looked from the outside light to be little white flowers mixed with purple ones .
the flowers were all striking , rich colors .
rivera went on , ` ` you got the touch , bro , layin ' her shit out then talkin ' dusty around in a night , cementin ' that shit by sendin ' her flowers .
` ` thanks for the flowers . ''
it now appeared to be covered in vegetables and at the end was an enormous bouquet of flowers .
and kate knew what those flowers were .
` ` he sends me flowers every saturday . ''
` ` flowers are n't gon na come . ''
the front of the house had window boxes on all of the windows stuffed full of flowers bursting out and greenery trailing down .
i 'd planted lush , tall grasses around the fences with low to the ground flowers that had filled in beautifully in the indiana soil .
one of the shirts had f**kin ' flowers on it . ''
nothing 's happened in awhile and back home in chicago , the flowers , gifts and visits were regular .
the cotton looked almost tie - dyed , all in deep shades of grape , the split at the neckline was embroidered with green , lilac , lavender and blue flowers and there were braided strings hanging down from the top sides of the split , their weight holding it open .
it was n't pink with flowers on it .
one that i 'd noted earlier had a white board on it with little pink and blue flowers drawn in at the edges .
it was a fresh , clean smell , not much to it except it somehow was entirely masculine and this was probably because it did n't smell like flowers or fruit like most of my stuff did .
i stood at the railing on the bridge deck at the stern of the finnie and looked at the terracotta tile roofed , adobe buildings with their brightly - colored awnings , pots of profuse flowers , multi - colored lanterns and wrought iron whimsies all stretching up the hill where , at the top , there was an unbelievable fairytale castle .
i tried to protest but they refused to accept as they bathed me and washed my hair in a bath that smelled vaguely of spice , vaguely of musk and not - so - vaguely of orange blossoms .
and i took the lovely , pink flower from a little girl who dashed up and handed it to me , murmuring , ` ` shahsha , honey , '' as i took it .
she turned to me and put her hands to her h*ps and i was pleased the milky water and floating flower blossoms covered me up to my chest .
she moved toward me carrying her cup and her eyes did n't leave mine as i sat in the warm , fragrant tub with flower blossoms floating around and stared at her in shock at the same time my belly did n't dip , it warmed ... as did my heart .
the dax allowed them to bestow their blossoms on me but they were not allowed to come close or speak and outside of his arrogant jerk of the chin , they ceased to exist for him too .
then we stepped away and stood , waiting , as silent as the rest of the crowd as the trail of horses and people joined us and gave their blossoms in offering if they had them .
then i threw the torch into the flower strewn wood and instantly was pulled back by zahnin as seerim pulled diandra back to stand at the front of the crowd some feet away from the quickly catching inferno , the flames coaxed to great heat swiftly by the wind .
all along the banks of the creek was a riot of flowers like the one i 'd put on mahyah 's pyre .
my golden goddess , i would hope , would not create a riot of flowers if my seed produced a warrior . ''
and as each memory shimmered in my brain , i watched in stunned silence as a new blossom sprouted out of nothing and bloomed in a flash of color somewhere along the bank .
except for the memories of lahn giving me his spirit and the last of him telling me i was better than a dream , both of which caused dozens of flowers to explode and grace the banks with astonishing vibrancy .
at his words , the banks of the creek burst forth in a riot of blooms , so many , no bank could be seen as one blossom crowded the next .
it had a bunch of colorful pots , huge to very small , filled with spiked greens , trailing plants and vibrant flowers .
he had a big , rectangular cake in his hands , the kind with white frosting , thick frosting swirls around the edges and massive frosting flowers , these yellow .
one second , the flowers were bright , the sun was shining , the day was beautiful .
the very next second , the skies were dark ; a pall was cast on the house , the flowers , the mountain - hill , the forest and the river .
the flowers more dazzling .
allowing me to chat with townsfolk , window shop , smell the flowers , taste the foods and drink in the landscape .
a winding , blond , wide , clean cobblestone road led up the steep hill that was covered in what looked like adobe , terracotta tile - roofed buildings with their flowers , awnings , lanterns and iron whimsies .
the road , too , was set with flowers liberally and lit with tall , curlicued , black iron street lamps .
and , by the gods , i 'd just come to understand you were who you are and i was in love with you so perhaps i had other things on my mind than the fact that your sister is happy , healthy and has decided to change her wedding bouquet from orange blossoms and jasmine to roses and daisies because she thinks the scent of jasmine will clash violently with the blossoms ? ''
and , by the gods , i 'd just come to understand you were who you are and i was in love with you so perhaps i had other things on my mind than the fact that your sister is happy , healthy and has decided to change her wedding bouquet from orange blossoms and jasmine to roses and daisies because she thinks the scent of jasmine will clash violently with the blossoms ? ''
there were so many of them , the very air smelled like a blossom .
the huge wrought iron , silver - crested gates to tor 's castle were festooned with draping sheets of ivory held up at the sides in massive rosettes decorated with flowers .
and in the fountain in the courtyard , blossoms drifted as the water drifted down twinkling like diamonds in the sun 's rays .
and some flowers .
` ` i ' ve also never received cashmere robes and diamond bracelets like they were flowers and chocolates . ''
in a gesture toward confidence - building , she pulled on her favourite nightie , a short , spaghetti - strapped , strawberry - coloured cotton wisp of material with little embroidered peach flowers and peach lace around the hem and neckline .
she was also buried in the family plot , as was her due , but her delivery of flowers was much smaller than the rest .
it was covered with very feminine , soft sheets and comforter scattered with dainty , pastel flowers with big , fluffy pillows at the head .
` ` i like the way your laboratory makes the house smell like fruit and flowers .
it was the same garden but the colours of the flowers were different , the garden was less formal , it looked wilder and immensely more beautiful .
there was a big tent there , made of silk , next to an apple tree , its blossoms carpeting the roof of the tent and all around .
with prentice 's unwavering devotion ( and it was indeed devotion , even if it was sometimes irritated devotion ) and sally and jason 's too , fiona watched bella 's confidence grow then blossom and finally bloom .
the bed was big and had a pink pottery barn comforter cover with little hot - pink flowers and lots of fluffy pillows at the head .
i 'd had flowers delivered before but never on this scale and never accompanied by glossy boxes .
he plopped the huge array of flowers in my arms , set aside his pop and dug into the box .
they had a basket on the porch overhang that happily dripped fuchsias and terracotta pots on each step of the stoop trailing ivy and bursting with flowers .
it had hearts and flowers painted on it and some fading glitter stuck to it as well as some old stickers .
she 'd put on a lilac t - shirt dress that had peach flowers embroidered on the v - neck .
it had al sorts of wonky rooms , wood floors and i 'd made the most of it with fun little knickknacks , christmas lights covered in flowers , that kind of stuff .
it seemed like a good idea at the time , before the flowers , before my freak out , when i was in a happy birthday daze .
` ` i broke up with him when i ran out of the room after i saw the flowers .
` ` you started redecorating my cabin , you thanked me for the flowers , you let me make love to you in the moonlight and again in the morning .
i pulled on my supremely faded jeans and a thick tan belt , the leather tooled with flowers and vines that had been painted .
it was white with little flowers on it , dowdy , high - necked and old - maidish , just where i was sure my mom thought i was headed .
there were jeans and a goodly amount of my silver to chose from but instead of any old tee , she picked an army green , boat - necked , long - sleeved tee with tiny orange and hot pink flowers flowing from the hem at one side to come up in a swirl on the midriff .
it was a black op tank with a circle of dusky blue hibiscus flowers in a band around the boobs and a pair of dusky gray op corduroy short shorts .
then i pul ed out a pair of loose - fitting , peach jersey drawstring shorts and a soft yel ow tank top with peachy flowers printed in a strip up the sides .
reporting in ( regularly , as in , every half an hour ) , daisy told me she 'd got them settled in rooms fil ed with flowers and ` ` big old '' boxes of godiva chocolates ( ` ` sugar , i said those were from you , hope you do n't mind , '' daisy told me , and i did n't , how could i ? ) .
she was wearing a beautiful , pale pink , kimono - style silk robe with a huge , intricate flower embroidered on the back ( a bridal gift from roxie , jet , ava and jules ) , her hair up in a towel , her legs crossed , leaned back and at - ease .
there were no flowers , no ribbons , no urns , just some chairs set up and only the romantical y - clad rock chicks , the angelic indy , the denver skyline and the red rocks formations setting the scene .
his eyes went to the table , flowers , food and candlelight , then they skimmed through ren and me .
then my eyes slid through the food , the champagne bucket , the flowers , the candles .
` ` daily deliveries of flowers for a year , replacement of my firefly dvds , and twenty - five rock ' n ' roll t - shirts say i ' m sorry , rosie .
if only to satisfy his own curiosity , and possibly to gain entrance into evelyn 's house , since he was done with flowers , jewels , food , and anything else of good use during courting .
the air was thick with the humidity of flowers .
i placed the flowers on the nightstand and gave her an encouraging smile - the type of smile that says ' i ' m not leaving your side . '
` ` are there many flowers ? ''
according to rosalind , flowers had been delivered all morning .
were n't flowers supposed to make a woman swoon ?
the silver - encrusted design also twirled about her sleeves and ended right below her br**sts , creating a beautiful design of flowers .
the flowers were beautiful , all exotic in their colors and sorts .
several lemon - colored flowers and small orange trees were lined against the furthest wall .
the heady smell of flowers and fruit penetrated his senses .
he stood behind her and slowly lifted the red flower and put it in her hair .
` ` yes , well ... '' rosalind touched the flower .
it took me less than a minute to locate the perfect flower to enhance your beauty .
` ` if i asked chase what color the flowers were , he 'd probably shrug and say , there were flowers ? ''
` ` this particular hotel changes flowers depending on the season .
` ` they do n't have any flowers . ''
but now they have n't had flowers for years and years . ''
pressed flowers and leaves filled simple silver frames hung upon the walls .
i ' m even wearing my favorite dress , the red one with yellow birds and cream - colored flowers .
and he was carrying flowers .
16 before calcutta , india i rested my cheek against the opening of the carriage and peeked out from behind the curtain at the creamy wax blossoms that sprouted from the trees and the thick green growth that clung to their trunks .
i knew that world , the green world of moss - covered rocks and glistening leaves , the jewel colored world of jungle flowers and sunsets .
the walls were painted a pale mint color , ornamented with gold candleholders in the shape of flowers .
we cross the street into the park , and blossoms fall like snow as we walk beneath the trees .
the sweet smell of the white flowers with bell - shaped petals that grew alongside the building .
she wore a short cream - colored dress adorned with feathers and diamond - like flower sequins laid out in an intricate pattern about her hips and thighs .
she wore a white sundress and a pair of flip - flops with little purple flowers made of fabric sewn to the tops .
at last stumbling across a small , but lovely solarium she settled herself on a padded bench and breathed in the scent of rich earth and fresh flowers .
on the point of calling for every vampire in the state to begin an all - out search , styx paused as he caught the unmistakable scent of fresh flowers .
it was n't the cartoon version of a fey meadow with unicorns and rainbows , but there was a tiny stream that cut through the lush grass and clumps of wild flowers that added splashes of color .
the silk hawaiian shirt painted with gaudy yellow and red flowers was an affront to fashion .
instead she was forced to pull on a pair of jeans and a dark t - shirt as she watched ariyal finish buttoning the loud red hawaiian shirt with yellow flowers .
there was no answer beyond the rustle of the breeze through the flowers , but suddenly she caught the scent of a rich full - bodied wine .
sally abruptly turned her head to glance over the meadow filled with fragrant flowers and fluttering butterflies .
a cascade of water spilled through a wide crack in the flagstone floor , lined by flowers with vivid blooms in shades from crimson to brilliant sapphire .
it 's sitting on a small side table by the window , half a dozen large white blossoms dangling from a curved stem .
the flowers look so luscious they might be edible .
a gentle breeze brought with it the fragrance of exotic flowers .
it felt like hours before ibrahim and i finally arrived at a courtyard , beautified by a variety of strange - looking flowers and plants .
swarms of bees the size of small birds buzzed around giant flowers .
pots of exotic flowers lined the balconies and entryways .
his strong fingers did n't stop tugging at my hair until he 'd finished braiding in all of the bright orange flowers .
pictures of the magnolia tree in their yard as its large pink flowers bloomed .
quickly and efficiently , she made her way through each room on the ground floor , turning on lights , adjusting vases of flowers , and shifting furniture slightly to make the house look truly perfect .
she 'd sold her first seven - figure property , and had a great friday night dinner with her family at her parents ' house , where her mother , father , and four brothers had surprised her with a huge arrangement of flowers and champagne to toast her achievement .
her scent - a sweet hint of flowers wrapped in sinfully hot spice - wound through him .
nicola was naturally a very pretty woman , but today she was positively glowing in finely sewn white lace with a crown of small white and yellow flowers over her pink and blue streaked blond hair .
a pretty blue - and - white vase of flowers .
they 'd shared the ultimate intimacy , yet he found he was nervous as he held out the flowers .
she took the pot from him and admired the large flowers .
` ` thank you for the flowers , the movie , the popcorn , and the company ... they were all wonderful . ''
the rain had become sparkles of light pouring down from the ceiling of an auditorium over dancers dressed in the blues of the sky and the green of the grass and the reds and oranges and yellows of the flowers .
all around the flowers the wild green grasses swayed in the breeze .
to the crashing sound of the waves and the hard pellets of rain , the flowers and grasses gave in to the wildness of the storm , even more beautiful now as they were blown hard by the wind , soaked by the rain .
the sun was setting and the flowers were closing their petals , the grasses already collecting dew in the cool night , when the wildflower emerged again in the dark sky .
` ` -is the meaning of that flower . ''
the little white flowers that ran up the length of the stem were so beautiful her breath caught in her throat .
and yet , the flower , breakfast , and now a black - and - white photo that she 'd treasure forever , meant so much more than glittering jewelry or any other expensive toy ever could .
instead , she kept her gaze trained over the wedding layout and the rolling hills of grapevines and mustard flowers as if she did n't care one way or another if he stayed to talk to her .
the budding leaves on the vines , the mustard flowers blooming in every free patch of dirt , the rolling hills , the bright blue sky above , the masses of flowers in pots and displays at the end of every row of seats - they were all breathtaking additions to the love between chase and chloe .
the budding leaves on the vines , the mustard flowers blooming in every free patch of dirt , the rolling hills , the bright blue sky above , the masses of flowers in pots and displays at the end of every row of seats - they were all breathtaking additions to the love between chase and chloe .
god , he loved the way she smelled , like a field of blooming flowers topped off with a hint of sweet female arousal .
man , that demon had some kind of balls : if the conventional theory of a higher power held true , then the big guy upstairs knew everything that happened , at every moment , all over the planet - from each blossom that bloomed to the feathers on a sparrow , to ... big hulking construction workers who free - fell into break rooms at major metropolitan hospitals because they 'd been temporarily possessed .
she had no trouble finding her father 's grave site , and as she eased over to the shoulder of the lane , she was not surprised to see that his plot had been planted with all kinds of spring flowers , like daffodils , tulips , little crocuses .
the scratchy spring grass was a bright fresh green , and crocuses and tulips were pushing up to the sun , their pale shoots searching and finding warmth , their flowers about to come out and see the world .
fresh flowers from the garden that the doggen brought in daily .
but when she got a huge bouquet of flowers the next day , she decided they did n't . ''
` ` thank you for the flowers . ''
i open the door , and a delivery man stands there holding an outrageously large bunch of flowers .
he hands me the flowers with a smile .
chapter 4 he sent flowers until she could open her own shop .
it just seemed like the lists went on : flowers , table covers , table pieces , guest lists , invitations , rings , the dress , the tuxedo , the bridal party , it just went on and on .
i jumped up and looked at the flowers still in my hand .
` ` and what flowers are these ?
` ` this flower is an amaryllis .
he grinned and handed the two flowers back to me .
the tips of his fingers caressed my throbbing blossom and i felt a wanton need fill my whole body .
i watched as clementine smiled and gave him a kiss on the cheek after taking the flowers .
` ` they sent me flowers every mother 's day as well . ''
the fields we passed were lush and green with dashes of colors , the flowers were in bloom and they brightened up the otherwise dull fields .
i was surprised to see two fresh bouquets of flowers at his grave .
the grass and the trees all seemed to be positively thriving in the setting and the flowers were all so bright and beautiful .
the french countryside was lush and green , and we passed field after field of beautiful flowers .
benjy opened his hand and revealed a tiny purple blossom , no bigger than my thumbnail , nestled in his palm .
tiny purple flowers covered the table .
` ` it was a purple flower from a vendor selling perfumes .
on the top half of the door was a beautiful meadow , with tiny flowers carved into the wood and trees on either side .
and in the center of the picture stood pillars of jewels forming an arch above a single flower , tiny and weak in its surroundings .
one with a purple flower rose above the others , and it broke in half .
` ` said she never felt like celebrating when there were n't any flowers and all of the trees were dead . ''
i touched the blossom to my nose , but smelled nothing .
startled , i f ished it out and cupped the crushed yellow blossom in my hand .
i held up the blossom , and he arched his eyebrows .
every time we stopped , i found a new blossom waiting for me , and i tucked it reverently in my pocket with the rainbow of others , nestled against the jeweled f lower .
as i stared at the blossoms at my feet , i realized with a start that they were the same ones that henry had been sending .
some were plain , like mine , but others were decorated - one with light blue accents and white silk that matched my nightgown , and another with deep greens and bright flowers growing everywhere .
rhea began to tend a bush with tiny white flowers .
placing the blossoms she picked into a basket , rhea said nothing .
instead she picked a few more blossoms and turned to reenter the clinic .
my mother led me to her bedroom , and as she entered , the branches of her bed frame flowered with magenta blossoms .
persephone stormed toward us , her feet automatically avoiding the patches of flowers as if she knew exactly where every blossom was .
as i knelt beside her to pet the tame fawn , persephone 's forest melted into ingrid 's meadow of candy flowers .
the flowers appeared after that .
the blond - haired stranger glanced over his shoulder , and manuel quickly stepped behind a pedestal bearing a giant array of exotic flowers .
she listened to max play with his computer speller while imagining what it might be like to live in such a place , with bees humming in the flowers nearby , a small dust cloud following a tractor as it rolled slowly along in the field next door , the wind gently stirring the tops of the corn stalks .
hoping it would explain what the flower was for , she bent to retrieve it from the floor of the deck .
then he 'd brought her here , where there was no phone and no busy street , only green grass , green trees , gold and orange flowers and a wide blue sky .
but he sent claire some flowers along with a hefty check to pay for david 's funeral .
he was gaping at a wall covered in pictures of claire and embellished with poems and dried flowers and drawings of hearts .
instead , a wreath of evergreen boughs adorned jillian 's grave , along with a few dried flowers from mrs . tate 's cellar .
a deliveryman stood at the door with a giant bouquet of flowers .
` ` i do n't remember him ever sending my mother flowers . ''
allie was on her way out of town when she spotted grace montgomery -- grace archer since the wedding -- at the stand she occasionally ran in front of what used to be evonne walker 's house on the corner of main street and apple blossom .
grace pictured the suv she 'd spotted on apple blossom this morning and felt a moment 's relief .
but if he lived in the baumgarter place , chances were fairly good he would n't be on apple blossom at six - thirty in the morning .
` ` he sent me flowers ! ''
the flowers signified as much .
` ` should i expect more flowers ? ''
they were more like funeral flowers , marking the death of the positive image she 'd once had of her first real boyfriend .
she smiled brightly , delighted by the flowers .
the flowers on the bedside table created a cheerful effect , but from what zoe could tell , toby 's condition had n't improved .
sheridan 's eyes skimmed over the flower arrangements as a lady at the piano played another hymn .
there , she could see beautiful urns and vases filled with greenery and flowers .
` ` those are the loveliest flowers here , '' skye said .
` ` mr . russell , did you see ms . o'connell 's flowers ? ''
now the salon was decorated in black and white and chrome , had a checkered floor , sleek , contemporary lighting , and vases filled with exotic flowers .
katie let a smile of hope and relief blossom on her face as she handed the waiver to booker .
soon after that she came out dressed in a pair of linen shorts , matching sandals and a burnt - orange top with fabric flowers clustered around the neck .
but these flowers were from adriana , who 'd sent them instead of calling or stopping by .
a woman wearing islamic - style clothing - a green thobe and headdress with sandals - greeted her with a bouquet of wild flowers , one of which she slipped into rachel 's hair .
there was a hook full of aprons in the laundry room and i grabbed one that was pink and covered with white flowers .
a dead flower .
neve already had a dead flower .
that is to say , she opened her door to find her mud yard in bloom : an impossible winter garden , blossoms from all the world 's array .
pink blossoms across josh 's cheeks as abe slaps down two dishes .
purple vines and red flowers .
the enormous horton the elephant balloon peeks out from behind a building , a street ahead , and its trunk is holding a bright pink flower .
i unzipped my pants and let out a sigh of relief as i realized that i had on a pair of plain white briefs and not my hanes granny panties with the green and yellow flowers .
green leaves , red and purple flowers , the blue sky and the brown soil - it should ' ve been beautiful , but i was blind to all except hades 's betrayal .
i bathed in the sweetest spring on earth , adorned my hair with the most beautiful flowers in creation and spent hours in my chamber taking every possible step to make sure i was perfect .
vines of pink and purple flowers hang down each side like curtains , and above us the sunset stains the sky .
eros sits in the middle of a small clearing , one he claimed as his ages ago , and he 's stringing flowers together .
cyrus sits beside him , leaning against a tree to support himself , and he too is making flower chains .
eros holds up his flower chain , a mismatch of colorful blossoms .
he offers me his crown of flowers .
that the birds would sing , the air would smell like flowers and the sun would shine .
searching for a place to sit , i spotted a chair in the flowered jungle , but a bouquet of purple blossoms already claimed it .
she plucked a purple blossom from the bouquet in the chair and secured it in my curls .
i stood in a meadow full of purple flowers that danced in the breeze , and it was warm despite the late hour of wherever it was i 'd landed .
` ` you do n't owe me anything , '' i mumbled , staring down at a lopsided blossom .
a wild garden full of exotic flowers that tangled together in chaos .
somewhere in the distance , birds chirped and a strong breeze rustled the trees , and the flowers hanging from the rafters of mother 's cottage filled the room with the most incredible scent .
it parts easily , like a flower opening before the sun .
while i hastily roll it up , the stranger plucks my saddle from the ground with no more effort than plucking a flower from a bush , then settles it onto fortuna 's back .
` ` do not decorate it with flowers and hang a ribbon on it , demoiselle .
ismae and i slip in unnoticed by most except for duval , who appears to be attuned to ismae 's presence like a bee to a flower , and the abbess , who notes my arrival with a look of dour disapproval .
she missed the scrubby excuse for a front yard , and the crooked jacaranda tree that used to drop sticky purple flowers onto her old jetta every spring .
inking cherry blossoms across her shoulders .
( neal 's face was like a flower blooming - you 'd need time - lapse photography to really see it in action .
he made it up to me by sending me flowers the next day .
next to my bed , on the right , was a wall closet covered with flowers , cards and balloons telling me to ' get well ' , wishing me ' congratulations ' and informing me ' it 's a boy ' .
as we were finishing up , chloe and jackson showed up with flowers and balloons .
jackson said , coming over to place the flowers on the bedside table .
all the flowers are pink except the center one , which stands out as an exquisite red rose .
4 flowers were still arriving every other day , the wednesday before kenzie 's wedding i 'd had enough .
he 's been delivering the flowers every other day . ''
the baby blue walkway that cc picked is spread out with white flowers scattered all over it .
the altar is up and enclosed with baby blue and white tulle , secured with huge starfish and flowers on each side .
` ` he 's been sending me flowers for the last two weeks , lily .
we sign in and stop at the gift shop and get flowers and a teddy bear .
the sign is surrounded by boldly colored flowers and just past the sign is a horse sculpture in the middle of a pond .
the smell of sweet nectar and summer flowers invade my senses .
i take a step closer to a cute little butterfly , all purple but with a hint of blue and outlined in black , it 's perched on a flower near my left leg .
brightly colored flowers , tall trees with vines wrapped around them and all the different kinds and colors of the flowers .
brightly colored flowers , tall trees with vines wrapped around them and all the different kinds and colors of the flowers .
he 's delivered flowers to me a few times , each time they are different .
i ' m sure i blushed when i told you they were printouts of your emails , with letters and notes from you pressed between them , like flowers in a dictionary .
all the places that i would ' ve put the corsage were covered with sequins , and since i 'd never really experienced sequin - pin interaction before , i was n't sure where to attach the damn flowers .
in the moonlight , it was beautiful : solar lamps by the fence , a potted herb garden , hanging baskets of flowers and wicker furniture padded with striped cushions .
like that first night , i saw him standing below , and my heart opened like a flower .
his garden smelled of flowers and green things , delicately come to blossom in the warmth of the afternoon .
there was a clear pathway with a runner leading up to the casket , arrayed with pictures , flowers and mementos to one side .
i had four or five little rhinestones that twinkled and winked from the center of each flower .
the drag and pull of soft and hard , the rubbing of her ring against turgid flesh , the flash of her flowers against my scarred skin was too much to hold out against and we both broke over the pinnacle together .
i sent him flowers to the tattoo shop , a pretty bouquet of roses in red , yellow , and orange that matched the fire tattooed all over him .
from one shoulder to the other i had a field of texas bluebonnets and in between all the flowers were tiny little sparrows .
the flowers and birds were so lifelike it looked like a photograph not a painting made of flesh and ink .
the flowers were the exact same color as the heartbreak in his blue eyes that day i left .
he let go of my rear end completely and used his thumbs to trace across the big lotus flower that marked one side of my hipbone and the arching , sprawling cherry blossom that decorated the other .
tiny wears an elie saab haute couture gown made out of blush tulle with hand - sewn swarovski crystals and organza flowers .
the silk and lace trails down half the aisle , and the corset top is embellished with flowers and diamonds that weave around her waistline .
trees grow in the yards , bright flowers surround the houses , and people are just hanging around outside and taking life slow . ''
even though it 's nearing the end of september , blossoming crimson and violet flowers border the pathway , making the yard beautiful .
and while she did n't grow up in a castle surrounded by knolls of grassland country blossoming with flowers and trees , her simple home felt like a palace in her small town .
that love blossoms .
a bee paused just above a flower .
he had a bouquet of flowers in his hand and looked like he had n't slept in a week .
tyler mitchell was walking toward me with a bouquet of flowers .
by dinner time , my room was filled with flowers and little visitors .
well , with paper flowers and glitter , of course . ''
amy had curls mixed with little white flowers stuck throughout her hair .
he showed up a half hour after i got my certificate completely drenched and looking like a wet dog , with a hand full of flowers .
since our wedding flowers were lilies , we could have some draped around the small fencing .
a truck full of flowers and another full of tables and chairs had arrived .
he started bringing me flowers every friday .
he showed up at the house around eleven with a bouquet of flowers and a card .
the flowers had to be intricately applied and it took a lot of concentration .
i brought you flowers and whistled my whole way back from work , in which i got off an hour early .
i brought you flowers and whistled my whole way back to work , in which i got off an hour early .
a silver belt looped around her waist , and some kind of silver flowers ringed her head like a crown .
the belt matched the crown of silver flowers that ringed her head - laurels , the symbol for victory .
round tables covered with fine white linens , dainty dishes , platinum silverware , and crystal vases full of fresh narcissus flowers filled the dining hall , which looked more like a five - star restaurant than a school cafeteria .
dazed , i raised vic , putting the sword between us , even though i knew i did n't have the strength to deflect the blow that was coming- a golden arrow blossomed like a flower in the middle of the reaper 's chest , and he toppled to the floor .
a pretty silver frame embossed with flowers and vines also lay on the bed .
the only known antidote to serket sap is chloris ambrosia , named after the greek goddess of flowers . ''
` ` chloris ambrosia flowers are n't easy to come by . ''
` ` it 's just a pile of rocks and lots of flowers , trees , and herbs everywhere .
the ruins were actually a series of buildings clustered together around a courtyard full of flowers .
all sorts of plants and flowers bloom there all year long .
glass knickknacks gleamed on the tops of the antique tables , while a variety of flowers , vines , and trees had been carved into the heavy wooden furniture .
up close , i could see the flowers and vines that had been chiseled into the smooth surface of the fallen boulders .
hundreds of thousands of flowers , vines , and small trees crowded into the enormous space .
but even they seemed to somehow reflect back the cheery brightness of the blossoms around them .
perhaps the most amazing thing was the scent - a sweet , sharp , crisp aroma that made me think of flowers and water and snow and wind all at the same time .
i 'd never seen so many different types of flowers in so many different colors , shapes , and sizes before .
the others must have had the same depressing thought because everyone was silent as we stared out at the blossoms .
a pretty , curling , green vine topped by a white , trumpet - shaped flower .
you actually had to take the time to lift up the flower , peer inside , and see if it had the streaks of color .
` ` i ' ve never seen so many flowers before in my life , '' daphne muttered , picking her way through some vines a few feet away from me .
all i see are white flowers .
by this point , camp had been made , and we were all searching for the ambrosia flowers .
no white flowers and nothing that looked like it could remotely be chloris ambrosia .
a few small , fragile - looking flowers had actually grown out of the part of the rock that formed the gryphon 's beak , making it look like the creature was presenting eir with the flowers .
okay , that was a little strange , but my unease did n't keep me from peering even closer at the blossoms .
green vine , white flowers .
green vine , white flowers , purple and gray streaks .
the others hurried over , and we all peered at the blossoms growing out of the rock wall .
ajax held his own phone up against the flowers .
the ambrosia looked the same as before - a tiny patch of white flowers somehow blossoming in the middle of the rock wall .
now , the entire courtyard looked like a sheet of silver ice - cold and beautiful - although the flowers remained strangely untouched by the gathering frost , as though this were a summer night instead of the dead of winter .
and slowly - very , very slowly - the flowers began to grow .
three small , individual flowers seemed to stretch toward each other , as though the petals were somehow being pulled together by the silvery glow of the full moon so very high above .
then , we both fixed our gazes on the flowers once more .
but as soon as the flowers wilted , a silver light began to burn in the center of each one of them , and the purple and gray streaks on the petals burst into cold flames .
somehow , the three small flowers had fused together into one large , beautiful blossom .
somehow , the three small flowers had fused together into one large , beautiful blossom .
` ` you 're going to use the ambrosia flower to make loki stronger . ''
we trampled the flowers underfoot , our boots smashing the beautiful blossoms into runny smears of color .
petals whipped through the air at our frantic movements , and the crisp scent of the flowers took on a thick , coppery stench as blood spattered onto the blossoms from the nicks and cuts vivian and i were able to inflict on each other .
eir smiled and returned the creature 's bow before carefully taking the flowers from his beak .
it was small , silver , and more like a leaf than a true flower , but i recognized the shape of it .
silver laurel is even rarer than ambrosia flowers .
` ` they failed in trying to put his soul into logan 's body , and they did n't get their hands on the chloris ambrosia flower to heal him .
` ` i could n't really tell with all of the whipped cream flowers on top of them . ''
although the chefs had still managed to add their own froufrou twist to the waffles by decorating the tops of them with mounds of whipped cream swirled into the shape of fancy flowers and curlicued leaves , all dusted with bits of orange , lemon , and lime zest .
in fact , there were so many flowers and leaves on the top of the waffles that i almost thought i was eating a frosted birthday cake , minus the candles .
it was bright pink with giant yellow flowers scattered over it .
chance was walking into the kitchen with a bunch of flowers in his hand .
she found these pink and white flowers that matched her colors and filled the jars .
it 's shaped like one of those white flowers , and every time i push away a fold with my tongue , i find a more tasty delicacy . ''
someone had drawn big dripping flowers in some sort of thick black liquid .
they were done up with elaborate designs - huge pink flowers , orange - and - red flames spewing across doors , funky colorful skeletons dancing on the sides of buildings .
now big ole josephine , the bodyguard turned nanny - bodyguard , and i are helping add the last crystal flowers to brooke 's hair as we wait for brooke 's mother and sister to arrive .
i watched her pull the train of the bride 's dress behind her so it ` ` looked pretty '' while a dark - haired girl with a frown passed a set of flowers to the bride .
` ` i still ca n't decide , '' melanie says as we finally sit down , ` ` if i want to get married in a traditional white gown with a big red flower attached to the train , or a simpler pink dress .
he debated taking flower shirt another block to kalakaua , where the brilliantly lit windows of the high - end designer boutiques and the more upscale restaurants lured herds of visitors out into the balmy night .
you never take time to stop and smell the plumeria flowers . ''
the fragrant blossoms were stacked so high around grace 's throat she had to spit out a few petals when she took her vows .
next to each door was a small wooden shelf , just large enough to hold a vase of flowers , personal knickknacks or a holiday decoration .
there was a large bouquet of fresh flowers on a round table .
think of yourself as a honeybee flitting from flower to flower . ''
chloe tried to envision jack winters as a delicate blossom in a field of daisies .
it looked like an explosion of crystal flowers .
the most beautiful flowers in the whole world .
he looked down at the flowers with a small , lopsided grin .
she went forward to take the flowers .
also known to russians as odolen - trava , the mermaid flower , an all - purpose pesticide against all things unclean .
a grey powder filled it - ground lily petals , the most potent part of the flower .
as audrey drove through , bright yellow blossoms of edger primrose sensed the vibration of the car and snapped open with faint puffs of luminescent pollen .
by day the flowers stayed closed and harmless .
the flowers were limp .
there was a green flower with several petals in the right - hand corner .
the green flower is a great touch . ''
and she thought she recalled a big yellow flower , too .
all around me flowers bloomed , trees spread their vast canopies , insects fluttered from leaf to leaf , birds sang ...
i wanted flowers , color , and sunlight .
they sprouted from the walls and ceiling on narrow mounts , like rectangular electronic flowers blooming among vines of cables .
in my dreams i killed them again and again , each bullet punching their heads in slow motion , the blood blossoming like a revolting red flower .
the middle bouquets held carnations , big , frilly blossoms with gentle pink in the center and pale , wide borders along the petals ' edges .
he wore dark dress pants , a white shirt , and a dark tie with red and gold stylized flowers on it .
the ones in the store had been frilly and delicate pink blossoms .
some bright red , some dark , almost purple , they rose from planters - hundreds , no , probably thousands , illuminated by small red lights thrust between the planters , blending together into one giant beautiful carnation flower .
the air smelled like flowers , a delicate but slightly spicy scent promising wondrous things .
emerson stood on the threshold , loaded down with flowers and packages .
red kaffir lilies bloomed along the stream 's banks , echoed by paler blossoms of camellia bushes .
becky springer chose that moment to arrive at the table with a graceful porcelain coffeepot decorated with yellow flowers .
honor asked idly , stopping to examine a pottery vase filled with huge dried flowers .
the walk to her office , which was in the middle spoke on the floor above the jewelry design rooms , normally took sariana through a long , glass hall full of exotic plants and flowers and into the luxurious central hub building with its spacious showrooms , ballrooms and reception areas .
for the first time he looked away from sariana , focusing on the brilliant flowers in the garden outside .
gryph gazed at the flowers around him , remembering the tale he had once told luri .
but as she raced along beside teague severance , she found herself instead savoring the rich assortment , of fragrances that floated on the damp , balmy breeze , clementia was a subtly perfumed delight , it 's odors carefully generated by exotic , hybrid flowers to complement the delicate noses of its inhabitants .
tough reeds and floating flowers that were almost a meter wide battled for living space near the banks of the river .
he had blundered into the very heart of the flower and was now held fast by a sticky center .
severance looked at the flower , fascinated by the lethal beauty .
the flower , severed from its base , fell limply to the jungle floor .
a small , innocent - looking flower suddenly spread its petals to absorb the moisture .
she adjusted the flowers for the third time .
` ` i have no idea why he would be upset , '' christine said quickly , focusing on the flowers in front of her .
and i remember her hand , bob , hanging like a dead flower over the edge of the bed .
suspended in the glass , honeybees hovered over four clusters of multicolored flowers .
the flowers floated in the glass , their roots trailing in graceful swirls .
she shook her head , instead holding out a bouquet of red flowers .
after picking up the flowers from the box he had set them on , she grinned at him over her shoulder and tugged him behind her , bee - lining for the street .
the flowers , which looked like carnations , were pleasing shades of pink and white .
while sabrina fussed over the flowers , isaac studied his surroundings .
in the spring , she imagined , the leaves would be a brilliant green , and the ground would be a landscape of budding flowers .
` ` thank you for the flowers .
follow the flowers . ''
whoever it was had written such notes as , only attempt under a waxing moon ; make sure the flowers have bloomed three days on the bush and are cut in the morning ; scatter the leftover petals across water in the light of the setting sun .
he was about to ruin the clump of autumn sage she 'd nursed back from frost kill last winter - she 'd finally got the plant bushy again , the bright red blossoms cheerful against the green .
between the stones were gravel and scatterings of plants , blossoms moving in the summer breeze .
` ` lots of flowers are edible , '' misty had answered .
roses , pansies , carnations , squash blossoms .
i went to a restaurant where they made sweet corn tamales in squash blossoms .
fat vines snaked up the walls and across the floor , turning the rock cave into a jungle of flowers .
vines snaked around them , out of reach , bearing small scarlet , purple , and light blue flowers .
moonlight now shone on four - o'clocks that bloomed in darkness and the ghostly white blossoms of the oleanders .
trumpet flowers opened like mouths , and the puffball - like flowers grew until they were smothering pillows .
trumpet flowers opened like mouths , and the puffball - like flowers grew until they were smothering pillows .
at one end of the cave , which graham could barely see through all the damn flowers , was a wall of ice .
the important part is the type of flowers and the pattern , which you lay directly on a ley line .
yes , i know a rush is extra ... '' an hour later , misty and xav returned from the florist with bunches of purple , blue , and yellow flowers .
he glanced around , as though worried other shifters , the grizzly brothers maybe , would pull up , point to dougal with his arms full of blue blossoms , and laugh .
it seemed a shame to toss the blossoms to the floor , when they would look beautiful arranged in a big vase - small purple blooms of the violets and the vibrant blue of the forget - me - nots against the large yellow roses .
their spiky leaves and tiny , pale blue flowers would also look good in the arrangement .
she laid the flowers out in a swirling pattern , leaving enough room in the middle of it for herself and her companions .
then she stripped the rosemary from its stems , as the book told her , and sprinkled the little leaves over the rest of the flowers .
misty was in a cave with a smooth black floor , covered in vines of colorful flowers , their scents so strong they were sickening .
she found matt and kyle pawing at a huge mound of flowers .
ropes of stems wound tightly around themselves , topped with vibrant flowers that shone in the eerie light .
she pointed to a line of purple and white flowers sticking up from spearlike leaves not far from them .
blood dripped from her fingers , but misty relentlessly seized blossoms and stripped three of their petals .
kyle , who 'd followed her , yapped at the plant while misty pulled off the blossoms , separating the mouthlike petals .
the honeysuckles tried to entwine her when she plucked off the flowers , but these vines at least lacked thorns .
misty started scooping more water and blossoms onto graham , every drop , every petal .
no sunlight , and these are all sun - loving flowers . ''
as misty reached for the lavender flowers rising from leggy stalks , oison appeared right next to her .
they shivered , leaves and flowers shaking .
` ` i could n't exactly explain that you disappeared from a convenience store stockroom in a whirl of flowers .
short silvery grass trailed the path on both sides , flanked by a row of low emerald hedges , beyond which flowers bloomed : roses in a dozen shades , their heavy blossoms perfect ; constellation shrubs with bunches of star - shaped flowers in crimson , pink , and white ; yellow knight spears , their delicate flowerets shaped like tiny bells ... she would not be blooming .
short silvery grass trailed the path on both sides , flanked by a row of low emerald hedges , beyond which flowers bloomed : roses in a dozen shades , their heavy blossoms perfect ; constellation shrubs with bunches of star - shaped flowers in crimson , pink , and white ; yellow knight spears , their delicate flowerets shaped like tiny bells ... she would not be blooming .
the air smelled of fresh leaves and spring flowers .
she made herself belong , and when she saw a bloated corpse in the water , she 'd merely paused for a moment , as if it were an odd flower , and resumed walking .
shaped like bunches of delicate glowing flowers , the lanterns cascaded from the hooks between the windows near the tall ceiling .
around them , the vast terrace of the evergreen castle stretched into the night , bordered by tall , pale columns , each supporting a tasteful cascade of flowers growing from marble planters .
the theme of the festival was nature and rebirth , a celebration of spring , and the hue of her dress precisely matched the clusters of widow 's tear flowers spilling from the planters .
white blossoms , accented with silver , bloomed on the branches .
he saw her dark hair and a single pale blue flower in it .
they had work to do , but for now she would just sit here and watch the world of wonder blossom in the child 's eyes , and for a few brief moments , she could be fifteen again , riding in a phaeton to her first ball .
beautiful ornate vines cast out of bronze climbed the walls , bearing crystal- and gemstone - studded flowers .
she wore form - hugging jeans today and a tight - fitting shirt , a black elbow - sleeved t with spangled red and blue flowers on the front , two small buttons holding it closed at the very top .
the blossoms were n't as thick here as they 'd been on the banks of the pond , but they were still plentiful .
maria was like these flowers , which could lie dormant for long stretches of time , then burst out with amazing , passionate color .
around the path , flowers bloomed in curvy flower beds , yellow and blue blossoms catching the sun with delicate petals .
a thousand scents exploded all around jack : the smell of pine resin and eucalyptus ; the fragrance of small blue flowers , hiding between the crags ; the distant stench of seagulls screaming overhead ; salt ; wet sand ; ocean water , clean and slightly bitter ; seaweed ; and , as an afterthought , a faint aroma of smoked fish flavoring the breeze .
inside the packet , a small purple flower spread three petals .
he half expected flowers to sprout from the carpet and small birds to spring into song .
emerald moss , sparkling with a dusting of tiny brilliant red flowers , sheathed gray boulders .
strange flowers , yellow , large , and shaped like three bells growing one within another , bordered the path .
he understood it - the ever - changing labyrinth of mud and water , the herbs , the flowers , the animals .
the two sides rose and opened , like the petals of an unfolding flower .
a few hundred yards down , a large brown - and - beige building sat in the back of a parking lot , couched in large california sycamores and flame trees , blazing with bright red flowers .
shaped like a bronze flower bud , thrusting from a stack encrusted with tiny specks of crystal , the flower terminated in four delicate metal roots bent outward to provide a sturdy base .
shaped like a bronze flower bud , thrusting from a stack encrusted with tiny specks of crystal , the flower terminated in four delicate metal roots bent outward to provide a sturdy base .
the flower bud opened , revealing pale petals in its center made of some strange material , paper - thin , but with a metallic sheen .
gaston set the crystal in the middle of the flower .
the lizard man 's head exploded in a wet blossom of blood and pale chunks .
inside , a small glass flower bloomed , its petals opaque .
garlands of vines wound along the walls , scattered with delicate cream blossoms .
the air smelled of flowers .
its thin porcelain sides were covered with interwoven flowers and tiny dragons in blue , one object flowing into another in delicate strokes .
the inside of the bowl held more flowers dancing around the rim , and on the bottom was a single lotus flower .
the inside of the bowl held more flowers dancing around the rim , and on the bottom was a single lotus flower .
the light unfolded more flowers from between the dragons and vines , small and light blue .
chrysanthemums and dragons , a lotus flower on its bottom .
another whirled into curlicues , like flower petals opening on the floor .
the picture was full of bright summer flowers and twining vines , the landscape flowing into recognizable mountains , the ones near kilmorgan .
rain trickled down , spotting the black umbrellas , which had opened like dark flowers as soon as sprinkles began .
the ground of the clearing was soft green , tiny yellow flowers blooming where the sun reached .
steven held it up to her , his thumb on the flower .
it took a fraction of a breath for his enhanced eyes to adjust , and then the darkness blossomed , unfolding before him like a flower to reveal the strand of cypresses next to the flooded plain .
the sunlight danced on the short grass , turning it a cheery green , and at the western wall , flowers bloomed in the small garden .
surrounded by white and blue blossoms , grandma looked ancient and serene this morning , like one of the harvest goddesses the old ones worshipped .
pale blossoms of maiden - bells bloomed between the roots , delicate like cups made of frosted glass .
cerise looked at the flowers in his hand .
she took three flowers , added a fourth , and wrapped its stem around the first three .
cerise kept weaving flowers together .
flowers unfurled , yellow and white and pale purple , sending dizzying perfume into the air .
lagar 's face thrust through the rustling leaves , framed in the cascade of flowers , his skin dusted with golden pollen .
cerise saw herself caught in the branches , her body a dry husk , one with the green ; saw the shoots surge further , saw kneeling catherine become a spire of green ; saw ignata lifted off her feet by a vine , her face serene and lost among the blossoms ... cerise jerked back , raising her defenses .
lagar 's body split like an opening flower .
an enormous flower bloomed in the corner of the room .
the roots crawled , unwinding from the far corner , revealing a desk and three long , flexible tentacles stretching from the flower to a four - feet - tall cocoon .
the spots of green that flecked them crawled , moving away from the petal 's edges to blend into a single green stain at the base of the flower .
the flower 's veins contracted , pulling the petals apart with agonizing slowness .
something moved with the flower .
a body lay within the flower .
the roots crawled aside , opening a narrow path to the flower .
the universe had opened like a flower to my mind , and i saw its secret patterns and hidden truths .
in this form he could truly smell her , and she was better than the best field of blossoms .
for the first time in all the years that he 'd been guardian , he 'd been able to watch certain death back away and life blossom in its place .
the blanket of kudzu that swallowed trees whole in the broken stopped at the boundary , and here the edge moss had taken over , hugging the tree trunks like a velvet sleeve and sending forth tiny flowers on thin stalks that looked like overturned lady shoes : bright purple , mint green , lavender , pink .
their stems , no more than green shoots during the day , released a cascade of delicate , bell - shaped blossoms with the first touch of darkness , sending a mimosa perfume into the night .
the night had fallen , the darkness cool and spiced with the delicate , slightly bitter scent of poor man 's orchids dripping from the vines winding about the tree and the faint mimosa perfume of nightneedle flowers .
in the shadows , granny rose lichens bloomed on trunks and boulders like vivid scarlet peonies , and in the deeper gloom between the twisted , massive roots , delicate lady 's slipper flowers stretched on thin stalks , and yellow- , brown- , and red - capped mushrooms the size of footstools squatted in clumps and rings .
she wore a dozen necklaces , some of dried mushroom caps stuck onto a thin thread , some of dried blossoms , some of discarded snakeskin , and one or two of tiny , cheap beads probably bought at wal - mart , of all places .
edger moss sheathed the trunks , its lady's - slipper - shaped flowers all but glowing with pastel reds , yellows , lavender , and purple .
it has unfurled like a flower before the brightness of my being .
odd creatures skittered among the canopy and bizarre flowers bloomed among the roots , like beacons of white and orange .
small trees and bright flowers grew in huge pots along the walls .
lindsay favored clingy dresses of sunny colors , tonight 's white with big orange and yellow flowers .
someone had given her a dress decorated with bright red flowers , and her tall , sexy curves made the shapeless garment look good .
nicole 's wedding was a whirlwind of flowers , music , excitement , and - for iona - sadness .
they were only short miles from the desert floor , but the mountain climate was alpine - cool summers , snowbound winters , vast pine forests that opened into surprising meadows of flowers in the springtime .
and knowing a lot about flowers does n't hurt either .
iona wore a garland of flowers , woven by cassidy and her friend , a feline called lindsay .
inside it flowers bloomed , whirl upon whirl of bright petals , some blood red , some yel ow , some deep purple near the root of the petal and white at its end .
` ` the flowers .
they were bright dahlia blossoms , and she was a drab mouse .
a curved coffee table carved from some reddish rock rested between them , and on it in a wide glass dish floated burgundy - red dahlia blossoms .
both children wore flowing white dresses and straw hats with smal flowers in the brim .
likes the color white : white dress , white flowers , white aerial ... '' it took her about an hour to recite the sangori file .
from above it looked like a flower with a circular middle and elongated petals .
an ornate lacy relief of vines and flowers sheathed the columns , blocking the il umination , so the spaces between leaves and flowers glowed with white .
` ` as always , a true blossom of the provinces . ''
little white flowers bloomed in the flower beds , fil ing the air with a refined perfume reminiscent of peaches .
the top of the trol ey opened like a flower , revealing half a dozen larger dishes , each supporting long skewers threaded with vegetables and meat .
bright yel ow flowers , their petals thin and long , all but glowed in the silky grass .
vines dripped from their branches in thick ropes , bearing large blossoms with triangular petals of deepest crimson .
they began their run through the jungle , leaping over the fal en trees and dashing past exotic flowers .
claire looked at the flowers .
` ` they are very pretty , '' she said , surveying the flowers .
they sat in a jungle clearing , wild bright flowers blooming all around them .
that grass was dotted with blue , yellow , and white flowers , and this being summer , the grass was also a nice vivid green .
the circle dances called the goddess and the god to the place ; the flower garland in carly 's hair represented nature , eternity , and fertility .
celino built beautiful places , full of sunlight and flowers , all of the modern technology seamlessly married with the provincial earthiness .
meli stood among the flowers .
what about all the flowers ? ''
montmartre still had the feeling of a village , with narrow , crooked streets , window boxes bursting with summer flowers , and trees dotting slopes down to the city .
her small hat was tastefully trimmed with flowers and lace and tipped provocatively over her eyes .
she wore a new pair , ivory silk , quite thin , adorned with lovely little embroidered flowers .
this one was different , with red camellia blossoms dancing around the outside .
one is a white bowl with a blue flush and interlinked flowers .
the other is red flowers and thinner porcelain .
her hat was a concoction of flowers and ribbons , her gloves a dark gray that would n't show london grime .
the next morning , a bouquet of hothouse flowers arrived with a note for isabella .
isabella touched the blossoms , noting that the bouquet was small and tasteful - yellow roses , violets , and baby 's breath .
` ` a gentleman sending you flowers ? ''
and thank you for the flowers .
two flowers on a scottish meadow .
gordon had been ecstatic to reverse their separation , and mac had made a festival of it at kilmorgan , with guests and flowers and all the trimmings .
her dark blue serge dress was years out of date , her parasol had one broken spoke , and her hat with faded flowers and short veil perched lopsidedly on her head .
eleanor here was like a daffodil in a quagmire , a fragile blossom all too easily pulled to its doom .
` ` the flower arrangements ?
the announcement of sarah 's death and the death of baby hart graham mackenzie was surrounded by a wreath of flowers cut from a card .
the walls were freshly painted , curtains hung in the windows , and a flower box outside the window overflowed with summer blossoms .
heather swayed across the meadow , rippling purple , interspersed with tiny white and gold flowers to make the place seem to sparkle .
age permeated the scene , emanating from the items like an aroma from a flower .
above me a dense vine covered with tiny white flowers shivered in the night breeze .
the tiny flowers detached , glowing with pale green , and floated past me , like fairy lights .
fascinated , i crouched in the grass and watched one of the glowing blossoms settle on a leaf .
a spear with a stylized metal flower for a guard .
it smelled like the moisture of the river mixing with the fragrance of dry grasses from the shore , and flowers , and fish , and rich mud .
a wet , red flower blossomed in the middle of the older man 's forehead .
spring is beautiful there - little flowers poking up in the green , lambs in the fields , the aristos rushing to london for the season , leaving the countryside blissfully quiet .
her legs surely weren't - they were shaking like stalks of tender flowers in the wind .
all these little flowers made of tiny pieces of wood woven together .
isabella rose , taking her finished flowers and giving bertie a warm smile .
the formal garden behind the manor house flowed out in a pattern of curlicues , like a large flower itself .
pink lotus blossoms and yellow lilies thrust from the dark water , flanked by the round leaves .
she swept to the corner of the room , where a glass box held the delicate white stars of the jasmine blossoms .
so what she unexpectedly found herself thinking about now - as the blossoms from the trees twirled down all around her , as the wind picked up and the birds hung suspended in the sky like misshapen kites - was peter 's mother .
there were flowers and gifts and balloons , and there was a cake in the center of it all , around which emma 's entire family stood , waiting for her .
on the other side is a garden with fruit trees and a haphazard assortment of flowers , a few stone benches , and a fountain that 's cracked and dry .
everything is silver and white , with lavender flowers arranged in oversized glass vases on the tables .
red kafir lilies bloomed along the stream 's banks , echoed by paler blossoms of camellia bushes .
dried flowers shot through with web - thin gold strands adorned the fireplace mantel , scenting the room with a pleasant , natural fragrance .
just in case someone recognized the significance of these particular flowers .
one by one , he plucked those blooms , until he had hundreds of pale purple , blue , yellow , and white flowers floating above the brush .
still she did n't look at him , but kept watching the dancing flowers .
epilogue denise placed the bouquet of flowers on the grave .
to our right was my favorite view of atlanta , with the cars whizzing below us , grassy spaces bursting with pink flowers , and skyscrapers towering above it all , their glass panels reflecting the blue sky .
i took a long breath through my nose , inhaling the scent of summer flowers , and admired the houses along the way .
we 'd dotted the i 's with stars and flowers and hearts .
we might as well have been staring at a showy centerpiece made of silk flowers and hand grenades .
i had n't gotten around to a room makeover with purple flowers and a fuzzy pink ottoman .
it swooped through the woods , swaying the trees and littering us with blossoms and leaves and delicate tree crap .
i put the blossom to my nose , inhaled deeply , grinned , and headed to work .
the airplane was outside in the breeze scented with meadow flowers .
people kept knocking on the door this morning , bringing me ominous flowers . ''
he could have had one of his employees send the flowers . ''
quentin stood in the shade of a crepe myrtle tree , bees buzzing wildly in the white flowers .
quentin pushed her a few steps under the buzzing crepe myrtle , and as his head brushed the lower branches , white blossoms showered them both .
he stopped under a leafy bough laden with fragrant white blossoms that glowed in the moonlight .
that s the drink with the foamy head that a talented barista makes a design in , like a flower or a delicate palm frond .
the moss was soft , with creepy - looking white flowers that glowed like an alien species in the disappearing light .
` ` you want me to send you flowers now ? ''
now i understood why people went to so much trouble over funerals , with wakes and food and flowers and caskets and choices .
` ` yeah , until he calls you twenty times a day , sends you flowers at least once a day and leaves you little notes on your apartment door in the evening and the morning . ''
its green embroidered tropical flowers blurred as i tried to decide what question to ask now .
summer or winter , she wore men 's tennis shoes , broomstick skirts , brightly colored blouses , a long brown coat , and a floppy - brimmed straw hat adorned with a big purple flower .
a round table held a ewer and matching basin , both painted with tiny blue flowers .
and so he had mrs . grainger and the mute women instruct her in every art of polite society he could imagine , and then he sat back and watched her blossom .
what fun , to be able to spend however much money i wish , to be able to order gowns and flowers , to entertain our neighbors in grand style .
there was talk of rituals and chants , of altars that could be adorned with dried or fresh flowers , seashells , crystals , pictures , and incense .
brenna hummed softly , adding a bit of music to the charm , as well as the petals from a pink flower , pink being the color for love and affection .
there was an oval mirror wrapped in newspaper , a small glass jar , a dried flower in a box , a small white blanket , a baby - sized sacque , a pair of booties , a tiny white cap , a rag doll .
brenna sat on a bench , admiring the changing leaves on the trees and the late blooming flowers while morgana stalked a sparrow .
a wide path lined with night - blooming flowers wove its way through the yard .
night - blooming flowers and tall , lacy ferns added a fairy - like touch .
she put the box of candy on the coffee table , then handed the flowers to her mother .
a small round table held a vase of fresh flowers .
bouquets of flowers and baskets of fruit occupied every inch of available space .
` ` he asked me to thank you for the flowers and the candy , and to tell you that he would be back on the job on monday . ''
he mopped the floors , dusted the furniture , vacuumed the rugs , scoured the toilets , and took out the trash - and he brought her flowers or candy at least once a week .
a profusion of night - blooming flowers and lacy ferns grew around the edge of the pool .
i thought it was just words , but the walls around us shimmered and disappeared , and in their place i saw rolling hills and fields of flowers and trees .
the fragrant scent of evergreens and flowers filled the air .
there were more flowers there .
not one to give up easily , he had sent her flowers and candy every day , called her every night , until she admitted that she loved him , too , but that marriage was out of the question .
tall trees rose behind the house ; a riot of colorful flowers surrounded a small fountain .
a tall , slender egyptian vase was filled with red silk flowers .
lucian had courted her with music and poetry , sent her flowers every day .
the house smelled of cooked food , of floor wax and flowers , of soap and ashes , of human sweat and hard work .
however , this was not the manicured garden of my yard ; it was wild , full of flowers with colors several shades brighter than anything i had ever seen .
these flowers seemed so much more alive than any plants i had ever seen before .
although the trees and flowers did n't extend that far , the low grass on the field was almost neon green , and the sky in the clearing was just as blue .
a flock of birds colored with hues as bright as the flowers flew overhead .
i did n't know much about flowers and trees , but these made the ones in the amazon rainforest look plain .
evidently , the bride loved peach , because that color was everywhere : on the tablecloths , the flowers , and on fabric strung across the outdoor patio .
` ` i ' ve sent you flowers , come by to see you every night , even though you wo n't talk to me .
the colors of the flowers were amazing , especially the roses , but i shot in black and white .
there was something kind of poetic of robbing the flowers of their intense colors and revealing the parts of them that usually got overshadowed .
i need to send my mom flowers , and i hate having to do things like that on my phone . ''
the reception was in another room of the church , decorated with pink and green flower arrangements as well as some pictures of the ocean i had taken over the past few weeks .
thanks for the flowers .
what flowers ?
dawn had been proud enough to hang curtains , white with dark gold flowers .
the fabric was thinly scattered with bright red flowers with long green stems .
i got a pretty screen and put it over the fireplace , one painted with magnolia blossoms .
` ` does he send you flowers ? ''
the cart was covered with flowers for the patients in this wing .
let 's see , these are for you , too ... '' this was an arrangement of cut flowers , featuring pink rosebuds and pink carnations and white baby 's breath .
the cut flowers were from sid matt lancaster and elva deene lancaster - pooey .
the arrangement centered with the peculiar red blossom ( i decided that somehow the flower looked almost obscene , like a lady 's private part ) was definitely the most interesting of the three .
the arrangement centered with the peculiar red blossom ( i decided that somehow the flower looked almost obscene , like a lady 's private part ) was definitely the most interesting of the three .
involuntarily , i looked at the red flower arrangement .
i sure hoped he did n't take it into his head to ask me who all the flowers were from .
now the walls were painted pale yellow , the woodwork was off - white , the curtains were off - white with bright flowers scattered over them .
the pale peachy blouse with the off - white flowers , that would do , and the skirt ... hmmm .
i was out in ten minutes , with clean teeth and face and swathed in a very old , very soft flannel nightgown that was cream - colored with blue flowers scattered around .
the ghosts of the scents of doughnuts and blossoms lay on top of the funk of spoiled things and old diapers that passersby had tossed into the handy receptacle .
sam decided to send some flowers from the bar 's staff .
after greta had helped me carry in my bags , she began carrying in flowers .
there were balloons and banners and flowers and plants , and his house was meticulously clean .
finally , i did what i 'd planned on doing before i 'd heard jason 's news : i got a book and settled in a chair on the front porch , reading a few sentences every now and then in between admiring the pear tree in the front yard , which was covered in white blossoms and humming with bees .
the upholstery was really pretty , a yellow silky material printed with dark red and blue flowers , but i disliked the fragile style of the furniture .
a beautifully dressed vampire woman wearing a gray - green gown strewn with gleaming silver flowers raised her arm to get the attention of the crowd .
i wore a sleeveless white dress with red flowers on it , one i 'd worn before when i had a date with bill ( whom i would n't think about ) .
the scent of wedding flowers made the night sweet .
the chair he was sitting on had been upholstered in a cream - colored material with lots of tiny blue flowers on green arching stems embroidered on it .
my initials were embroidered on it , and it was red with blue and gold flowers .
they take a table with pink plastic flowers embedded in its top .
` ` immortal woman he , whose lotus flower gives health .
asked donna , whose bikini was full of burnt - orange and harvest - gold flowers .
one of the girls , though , is black , and she 's got stuffed animals and flowers and a couple of framed pictures propped up on her bedside table there .
` ` what about flowers , or a cake , or- '' tori starts .
i ' ve traveled more in the last two years than i had in my entire life before - the cherry blossoms blooming in japan , the crystal waters of portugal ... ... all things drew had already seen , places he 'd already been to .
the flowers , the balloons , the sister b pep talk , the home office overhaul - they were beautiful gestures .
so this time there was no deluge of flowers .
it 's not a picture of a flower that 's really a vagina - like it or hate it , it is what it is .
as far as grand gestures go , you do n't get much grander than a public serenade and a lobby full of flowers .
the lights are turned down low , accenting the tall , candlelit centerpieces , overflowing with white blossoms .
i lift my hand , righting the flowers and awkwardly holding them out to her .
thank you , '' she says breathily , taking the flowers from my hand and bringing them to her face to smell them .
just help yourself , '' she says , picking up the flowers from the counter .
my long , naturally red hair was pulled back on one side by a large flower ; the rest was loose and wavy , flowing down my back and over one shoulder .
at the end of the aisle , kenton is standing under a large arch that 's been covered in tulle , lace , and flowers .
jewelry box , daemon decided , leaning forward to study the flowers and leaves carved into the top .
` ` there is a rumor in the north that the rose queen will leave when the spring flowers bloom and the other queen will take her place and rule dena nehele . ''
sturdy little flowers poked up through the snow , purple and yellow and white .
the sides and back were decorated with carved flowers .
the flower has a sheen like the inside of a shell , and the seedpod looks like a pearl .
the flower only blooms for a couple of weeks in the spring . ''
` ` it 's a delicate trailing plant that has small blue flowers .
and the flowers , preserved in shields so he could study them at his leisure .
` ` it 's got one flower open and one still in the bud .
she asked , finally looking away from the flowers .
a few flowers .
he lost his precarious balance and tumbled through a landscape filled with knives and little arms that rose up from crevices in the stones like brown - skinned flowers .
jared watched her reach out and delicately touch the petals of a dark - orange flower .
soon it would be covered with yellow flowers , like flames rising above hot embers .
trees and flowers .
` ` and the island has no flowers . ''
and wondered how she 'd distilled into a healing brew the solid strength of the askavi mountains , the trees and grasses and flowers that fleshed out the earth beneath , the rivers that flowed through the land .
i left him a legacy , the only seed of his that will ever come to flower .
a half - circle of lady 's tears formed a backdrop , the small , white - throated blue flowers filling the bushes .
misty - eyed , manny bent her head to smell the flowers .
she bustled around the kitchen , filled a vase , and spent several minutes arranging the flowers .
it was a young girl 's room : white dresser and wardrobe , white canopy and counterpane decorated with little pink flowers covering the four - poster bed , gleaming wood floors with cute throw rugs scattered around .
the blood - red flowers , with their black throats and black - tipped petals , were in full bloom , as they always were from the first breath of spring to the last dying sigh of autumn .
she bit her lip , her blue eyes wide and frightened as she studied the flowers .
titian walked past the tree across a lawn filled with tall , silvery flowers .
the table was set , candles were lit , flowers were arranged .
everything is arranged : the church , the reception , the rehearsal dinner , the flowers , the cake , the ceremony , the suits , the kids , and finally , my dress .
i finally got her to say yes to a date with me after three weeks and a large bouquet of flowers delivered to her apartment every day for a week .
i did send a card and some flowers to the house , but never heard anything .
jason 's eyes had shifted again from blue to the green of flower stems , a color that seemed unnaturally bright for a human ... but better for a wolf .
the satin was topped by a layer of black lace in huge whorls and flowers .
the decor - lots of inlaid woods , urns of flowers , carefully selected lighting - was sophisticated and french- inspired .
side tables bore vases of flowers , and a bach cello sonata rang softly through the air .
maybe he 'd know that the seed of hatred he 'd planted two weeks ago would blossom , watered by the things i 'd done , and would do , in his name .
and in his hand , a vase of flowers .
the flowers were puffs of color , peonies or ranunculus or some other explosion of petals on slender green stems .
` ` thank you , '' i said , then bobbed my head toward the flowers .
and not , it's - valentine's - day - and - i - feel - obligated flowers .
it sang of flowers and lemon and rich spice and sunlight , all bottled together .
' and the garden bees / hum in the lime - tree flowers ; and put away / the unavailing outcries and the old bitterness / that empty the heart . '
' i have forgot awhile / tara uprooted , and new commonness /upon the throne and crying about the streets / and hanging its paper flowers from post to post./because it is alone of all things happy./i am contented - ' ` ` gabe paused , lifted his gaze , and lifted his hands to the crowd around him .
we can only hope that ethan lives now where amaranth blossoms eternally . ''
have a seat , '' she said , pointing at a facing couch with a delicate teacup and saucer dotted with smal pink flowers .
it was simply furnished and smeled of a garden 's worth of flowers .
they were white roses just past full bloom , their flowers limp and beginning to brown , the stems emitting the faint aroma of decay .
a round pedestal table sat in the middle of the elevator area , topped by a vase of very tall trailing flowers .
a scroll ` ` g '' was centered in front of the elevator area , and flowers sat on a pedestal table nearby .
the faint scents of dirt and blood lay beneath fresh flowers and the cologne of the various men in the room .
aline 's mailbox was at the end of the pitted sidewalk in front of her house , the wooden post surrounded by a tangle of vines with long - wilted flowers .
the house smelled faintly like cinnamon and flowers , and none of the faint animal tang that permeated the brecks ' .
a vase of hothouse peonies sat on a side table , filling the room with the smell of flowers and the spring that would soon be approaching .
european furniture , careful accessories , built - in shelves of beautiful wood , and vases of flowers .
but they had n't moved him yet , so i pulled into a visitor 's spot in the garage and followed the stream of families with balloons and flowers into the hospital .
giant vases of flowers sat inside the entrance on marble and gold tables , scenting the room with the fragrance of lilies and hyacinths .
* * * jonah and i had already sat on the low pillows when the ombuddies emerged from the back room , arms laden with decor : flowers , hanging lamps , extra pillows .
i passed it over , watched the smile blossom and brighten on his face .
` ` she 'd worn a white dress with small green flowers .
he did n't seem scared at all , and there were trees and flowers in the background of wherever he was .
it was soft and sweet ; he coaxed my lips open like gentle rays of the sun on a flower after a rainstorm .
over the smooth concrete patio was a huge white gazebo dripping in spring flowers in the color of lilac .
she was wearing a lemon - yellow cardigan with a necklace made of white metal flowers .
aside from the bed , there was a tall console table that held a few picture frames and a vase of white flowers .
rolling hills of tall grass and flowers gave way to small neighborhoods and homes perched right along the curving , dangerous roads .
i was too busy staring a beautiful pink flower close by .
he sent me flowers , took me on dates ...
palm trees and tall plants full of colorful , blossoming flowers filled the air with a heady scent .
we passed the same flowers several times .
mums in every shade were planted in large bunches around the simple concrete plaque dug into the ground , and a white marble cross rose out of the delicate yellow flowers .
ana smiled a brilliant smile as the glittering of the flower made her skin glow .
the sun 's warm rays peaked through where they could , lighting up sections of the water , and butterflies flapped their brightly colored wings among the wild flowers that dotted the grass .
each time mother nature gave birth to a new season , it brought with it something beautiful , from joyful flowers pushing through the earth to trees becoming a kaleidoscope of colors or snow blanketing the world in white .
i thought it would be harder to choose a casket , pick flowers , music and decide who would be speaking , but all the choices were already made .
` ` this flower grows from a drop of the sun .
i was pleased to see a red handprint blossom across his cheek .
` ` the flower may heal my injuries , but it wo n't get rid of the beast .
` ` the reason this works is because the flower petals harvest the light and energy from the sun .
the flowers are dried , which concentrates the sun 's powers .
the icy water was replaced by a golden sun and a sprawling meadow of wild flowers in shades of amethyst and yellow .
` ` that 's me , '' ` ` delivery for you , '' he said and then the vase full of cheerful flowers was in my arms .
i gave up on the magazine and sat there and stared at the flowers until i glanced at the clock and realized i still needed to go pick up dinner before frankie arrived .
piper 's flower was crushed .
the temperature in the garden was very comfortable , and because of the thick shrubs , flowers , and trees , a wonderful humidity eased the dryness of the mountain environment .
then he smelled it as well , the gentlest fragrance of a meadow , all that verdant growth , the earth , a combined scent of indistinguishable flowers .
` ` i saw the devotiate , grace , walking alone in the villa garden , in one of the garden rooms , the one with all the white blossoms .
stannett , however , had altered a section of the land to create a dome of microclimate beneath which a garden more suited to the mediterranean had emerged : flowers cascaded over stone walls ; stone paths led among sculpted beds full of lavender , succulents , and roses .
his jacket was of a similar ilk , but white and embroidered with flowers in the primary colors , plus green and splashes of violet .
blood poured from the wound , spreading in a beautiful red blossom on the fine white line of his shirt , around the ebony handle of the knife .
he looked up at peter , at the man who looked so much like him , except for the eyes , and his heart unfolded like a flower blossoming .
` ` although , i did like some of that embroidery , especially the yellow flowers . ''
the shutters were open slightly so that he could see beds blooming with purple lantana and a vine covered with lavender flowers .
she let havily move into the next garden room beneath an arch bearing a vine covered with lavender flowers that were a unique shape , sort of curled in on themselves .
the next room bore white flowers on varying shrubs and smaller plants : roses , white lantana , even star jasmine that climbed a half dozen trellises at evenly spaced intervals .
thousands of flowers , trees , and shrubs filled every bed .
an artistic arrangement sat in the center of the table composed of stems , dried seedpods , mosses , tall branches , and living magnolia blossoms .
are the flowers alive ? ''
the flowers are self - generating , which is a more recent second earth technological development . ''
to the left was a pathway arched with vines and a lovely purple flower .
green - throated hummingbirds came around to enjoy the fluted red flowers , and sparrows built nests deep inside .
he worked his h*ps at the same time , moving in and out of her slowly , letting her feel him while he drank down her elixir that tasted of heady tropical flowers .
she passed onto a large well - lit covered patio with vines and small purple flowers everywhere .
` ` this is n't really a lot of flowers either .
brittany had arranged for the chairs to be covered with slipcovers , flowers arranged strategically , and the arch to be transformed into what she called a grand entrance .
it rivaled flowers , stars , and hearts for first place .
he held the flowers out to me .
he got only the impression of silk flowers and draping white cloth before a woman , who looked like she should be flitting about the room with little wings while strumming a harp , bustled into the room .
and flowers .
she took the flowers from him and nuzzled them to her nose .
they were cheap grocery store flowers in a cellophane sleeve , but he was pleased she understood he was sincere .
god only knew what these yellow flowers looked like on her backside , which was spreading , no matter what damien said .
and the yellow flowers on her breasts .
if damien was a dud , she 'd eat her skirt , one flower at a time .
the light blue house looked lonely , lacking in foliage or flowers .
he held out a vibrant pink flower to sara .
but with shelby a foot in front of him , smelling like summer flowers and looking soft and vulnerable , he could n't stay uninvolved .
the cottage details should be highlighted , not ignored , and piper envisioned lots of plump pillows and fresh flowers , crisp whites , and soft , aged fabrics .
the carpeting that lined the floor looked as if it had been there thousands of years , with hideous emerald green flowers on it .
she could see yellow wild flowers growing among the grass , and a pack of wolves roaming around .
i hug her back and take in her distinctive scent of roses , fresh blossoms and a hint of freshly baked bread .
the air is sweet scented , all the aromas from grammy 's flowers mixing together .
the flowers . ''
blue flowers .
pink flowers .
` ` i hope you 're ready for weeks of flowers , early morning text messages , and candlelit dinners .
jen smiles and fingers the flowers again .
` ` what , the flowers are n't enough ? ''
abbi looks around , taking in the varying shades of green on the trees and bushes , the wild flowers dotted around the bottom of them , and the crystal clear blue of the lake .
the rive snakes through the hills and mountains , and everywhere is lined with wild flowers and pine trees .
in the center of the food table is a four tier , pale pink cake with silver butterflies and dark pink flowers .
the windows are packed with different flower arrangements , from pastel colors to bright colors , from small bouquets to large , fancy baskets .
i ignore their quiet talking , giving my attention back to dayton and her revolving door of flowers .
at least we 're on a color - light - pink and white flowers .
hers will be accented by dark - pink flowers .
the buildings that line every block , every street , their rooftops covered with flowers in random bursts of brightness .
` ` flowers are nice .
best of all , her mother stood with her below deck in a tiny cabin , pinning white jasmine blossoms in her daughter 's long , loose hair .
his eyes darted around like two bees unable to settle on a flower .
she swirled the flower through the air with a theatrical flourish .
a steady throb pushed through the cherry blossoms inked along amber 's arm .
a gentle breeze drifted inward and over her , carrying the soothing scent of spring blossoms .
tiny amethysts and rubies for spring flowers .
` ` i can honestly say i ca n't recall ever having been to one before , '' she rambled nervously , her cheeks pinkening to match the flowers on her shirt .
bunches of mixed flowers in large tumblers surrounded the tub interspersed with candles .
from her ruffly curtains to the poufy spread , patterned with tiny pink flowers and little green leaves .
she 'd been so hopeful with the flowers and his opening up at least a little .
instead of a hair band , today she swept away blond strands with one of those small bandannas tied behind her head , sort of a peasant - handkerchief style with tiny yellow flowers to match her shirt pattern .
sprays of tropical flowers and a spread of food large enough to feed an army waited on the sandy beach beside bowing sea oats .
paige glanced down at her lap , tracing a purple flower on the shirt before sucking in a brave breath and meeting him eye - to - eye .
his gaze skated from her feet peeking out of the covers , along her curves draped in a sheet patterned with a thousand little flowers , up to the creamy skin of her shoulders and neck .
a tomato - red scarf with bursts of white flowers in the print covered most of her dark hair in a surprise splash of color , but left her pretty little face free to smile at all the men sniffing after her .
she fingered the small greenish - white flowers , their blooms having held on beyond summer blooming season .
by the end of the year , he 'd bought her a window garden full of other such plants like red clover blossoms and blue cohosh .
` ` all those flowers are wonderful for masking the hospital smell . ''
her mom and orange - eddie could buy ivy a hothouse full of flowers and name - brand chocolates , but her dad and julia had given ivy something a lot more important .
lori stood serene and glowing in a princess - cut satin gown , regal as ever with her hair swept high , interwoven with tiny white flowers and velvet ribbons .
the pink overalls patterned with flowers and hearts left no doubts about magda 's gender .
garden did n't come close to describing the magnificence of everything from tropical flowers to peonies and lilies , to a massive greenhouse with camellias over a hundred years old .
smiling , she touched the flower as a toucan flapped on a branch above .
the press of her naked curves against him was damn near driving him insane with the urge to drop to the ground right here , right now and thrust inside her , out here in the open air , on the lush earth , with the scent of crushed foliage and flowers all around them .
the scent of native flowers drifted on the breeze through the open windows , providing an intoxicating moment when she realized just how aware she was around this man .
a bottle of champagne sat chilling in an ice bucket , and a platter of fruit and an assortment of sandwiches and desserts had been left by the window , next to a large arrangement of flowers .
` ` i sent flowers to your mother , tyler , '' anna marie said as she placed delicate - looking flowered teacups on the table .
` ` i sent flowers to your uncle , as well , lacey .
chapter seven flowers arrive at my dorm room the next morning .
` ` then why the flowers ?
he holds out the flowers .
` ` looks like you were hacking up the flowers to me . ''
i ' m sorry to disturb you but i was wondering if you had a minute - oh , what lovely flowers ! ''
merrilee lifted the standard - looking white card that had come attached to the flowers and read the inscription .
he extended the flowers and she accepted them , inhaling the fragrant scent .
doug had seen juliette 's eyes light up when she found him on her doorstep , breakfast and flowers in hand .
alone with doug on a deserted island , surrounded by bright sun and tropical flowers with the softest petals - for which doug found the most inventive , arousing uses .
potted red geraniums , just beginning to flower , lined the three front steps leading to the screened - porch door .
around him , the room was a mixture of feminine touches , silk flowers , and small accessories , and sturdy light wood furniture .
below her was a blue - stone - covered patio , with a brick built - in barbeque and wall surrounded by an array of colorful flowers .
nicole fell into step alongside him and they walked across the street to the center median , which was covered with a multitude of colorful flowers .
she swept her hand through the air to indicate the panorama of flowers and color spread out before them .
she walked in and the first thing she noticed was a table with beautiful red and white flowers - red for heart disease , she assumed - and picked up the heart - shaped card with her name on it .
grabbing her bag , she opened the door - and came face - to - face with a vase full of flowers .
he held out the flowers , and she felt herself blush as she accepted them .
she glanced at the flowers once more .
he held out the flowers , an endearing grin on his face .
` ` flowers , of course , '' emma said .
she moved the flowers to the side of the desk , dropped her purse into a drawer and began to unbutton her wool coat .
` ` who really sent those flowers ? ''
and he knows you 'll find out he sent me flowers and work yourself into a frenzy .
` ` first he sends you flowers . ''
chapter twelve flowers arrived at rina 's home .
rina smiled and glanced at the flowers and notes strewn on the table .
she 'd handpicked the mauve panty and matching bra in tactile lace of delicate flowers .
brianne glanced at the flowers .
the flowers themselves were n't used to make drugs but the sap of an unripe seedpod was the source of heroin , opium , morphine , codeine and more .
still , she could n't afford to feel sorry for him , not when she had a cop killer sending her flowers and calling her at work .
` ` he sent me flowers , remember , jake ?
candles burned in holders he 'd never seen before and a bouquet of spring flowers sat low in the center .
the door opened and liza caught sight of a big spray of flowers , carried in by bianca .
` ` how did you like the flowers ?
he stepped closer and held out the flowers wrapped in paper .
he bent down and pulled flowers from one of the bags .
yank had refused to be a spectacle , walking down the aisle with his poor excuse for a seeing eye dog leading the way , stopping to sniff every flower and person .
in addition , he 'd sent her fresh flowers as a thank - you and e - mailed her just to say hello .
` ` you ca n't possibly want to go out with one of these bozos , '' he said , waving at the flowers .
she whirled around and found herself face - to - face with steve harris , the man who 'd sent her the flowers , chocolate and both bottles from the bar .
i realized then that he 'd also sent flowers and chocolates from my favorite store . ''
and they were n't interested in the flowers , either .
` ` no , i can not recall , '' she said , becoming really interested in the half - devoured onion blossom .
he reached toward the picture hanging above it , a large oil - on - canvas reproduction of a bouquet of flowers , and plucked out something that had been affixed to the dark center of the sunflower in the middle .
she was about to leave the chat room to visit another - she was , after all , supposed to be working - when mad2live posted something that made her fingers convulse on the mouse : you , tinky belle , are a dazzling blossom of hope burgeoning at the center of an unforgiving cultural wasteland .
there was no way there could be two mad2lives on the internet flirting with women by calling them dazzling blossoms of hope who burgeoned in cultural wastelands .
` ` that beaded flower on the side facing away from you has a snap beneath it , '' she told him .
to the left of the furnishings , french doors opened into what appeared to be a dining room , though noah could only see part of it from where he stood - an expanse of wall covered in old - looking wallpaper of dogwood blossoms , the corner of a lace - covered table , the end of a china cabinet filled with enough china to make martha stewart look like a slacker .
it was a contradictory combination of flowers and spices that was somehow not contradictory at all .
she smelled of red wine , rare spices , rich blossoms .
a hooked rug with more flowers spanned the hardwood floor between the door and bed , and the cherrywood furnishings were decorated with scrollwork and - oh , dammit - even more flowers .
except for lots and lots of flowers that , lila had to admit , looked more apricot than they did pink .
there 's a sort of small purple flower off to the left as well . ''
at the center of the clearing lay a still , blue pool with small white and yellow flowers scattered along its mossy bank .
penelope beamed and twirled to show off her new gown , a brocaded satin primrose gown overembroidered with bunches of flowers in blue , red , and green .
i can see the shape of the rose bushes over there - but the individual flowers are lost to me . ''
artemis watched as phoebe bent and felt the flower before giving a quite academic lecture about the plant , its origin , and how it had come to be growing here at pelham .
` ` mind , i saw a lovely cream with red , pink , and dark green embroidered flowers we might look at , but no pastel colors overall .
the footmen were dressed whimsically in yellow and purple suits , some with lavender flowers or ribbons in their ornate wigs .
she glanced up , her lips parted , so near he could see the swirls of gold in her pretty brown eyes , and he suddenly identified her scent : orange blossoms .
he smelled orange blossoms .
there were three of them , and each had tiny ruby and pearl flowers on thin wires that shivered whenever penelope moved .
whirling , she glided off the dance floor in high dungeon , the scent of orange blossoms trailing in her wake .
then his mouth was full of her sweet nipple and he suckled strongly , as the heady scent of woman and orange blossoms swirled about his head .
the entire dark mass came tumbling down , a glorious tangle , and he stroked his fingers through it , leaning down to inhale the scent of orange blossoms .
but she did anyway , a soft weight against his side , smelling of orange blossoms and life .
` ` oh , look at those tiny white flowers , '' she said , nearly bending in half to peer closer .
there followed a lively discussion on whether or not the flower sported ` ` green bits '' and if crocuses ever could be found with long stems .
the scent of orange blossoms drifted to his nostrils , welcome and warm .
the tree had covered itself in an embarrassment of pink and white blossoms , a fragrant , joyous cloud that drew the eye as soon as one stepped into the garden .
a fire crackled in the hearth behind her , there were fresh flowers in a small china vase on the round table , and cook had made an excellent clear soup , but she seemed to have no appetite .
she 'd seen butterflies and more - tame deer , wild birds , lovely gardens , and flowers .
a young girl threw a wreath of flowers into the cart at his feet and mick stared down blindly at them .
farther on , a juggler entertained a small circle , handily tossing a man 's hat , an orange , a knife , and a posy of flowers into the air .
vases of flowers stood on every table , and the marquess had hired and outfitted a veritable platoon of footmen .
hero turned and saw that indeed the footman wore a bright flower over his ear .
it nourishes the flowers , makes the grass grow that sheep and cattle feed upon .
her dress was a deep blue , and as she drew nearer , temperance could see that what she 'd at first taken for embroidered flowers on her skirts were , in fact , rubies and emeralds sewn into the fabric .
he found an empty chair for her near a huge vase of flowers , and she sat while he went off in search of refreshment .
once , he 'd sent her an arrangement of flowers so big it 'd taken two footmen to bring it into the house .
all along one wall , tall mirrors were draped with garlands of flowers and gold silk , and a great pyramid of flowers hid the musicians in one corner .
` ` i 'll give you a hint - her favorite flowers are lily of the valley . ''
he had n't brought a woman flowers in eons , but the situation might very well call for the formal english method of suing for peace from a lady .
lottie had sent a note every day and a lovely little bunch of flowers , but beatrice had received no word from jeremy .
beatrice frowned down at the posy of flowers in her hands .
perhaps bring you sweets and flowers ? ''
their surfaces were covered with open books , maps , animal and insect specimens , magnifying glasses , paintbrushes , presses for preserving leaves and flowers , various interesting rocks , bark , bird nests , and his pencil sketches .
beneath the flower was a branch with a flower dissected to show the different parts .
beneath the flower was a branch with a flower dissected to show the different parts .
in these mountains grows a tiny purple flower .
you must gather the buds of this flower and grind them into a powder .
chapter twelve thereafter , when the sorcerer relieved him from his guard duty , truth teller would hunt the mountain for the purple flower .
` ` if you ca n't abide poetry , i ' m afraid i ' m left with carriage rides and bouquets of flowers . ''
all around them flowers blossomed , and bees buzzed lazily from bloom to bloom .
three months to carefully court , flirting at balls and salons , taking her for rides in his carriage , buying her sweets and flowers and little fripperies .
she was a woman in her eight and twentieth year , well past the age of orange blossoms and spring weddings .
how can you tell without the flowers ? ''
` ` do n't look like much without the flowers , do they ? ''
a rose arbor shielded the seat , and she watched as he broke off a blossom .
he had boxes and glass vials for various specimens , and different - sized presses for preserving leaves and flowers .
melisande wore a deep brown dress with small green flowers and leaves embroidered down the bodice and around the sleeves .
the leaves were narrow , almost needlelike , and small lavender flowers climbed the stem .
the whole was like a sugared flower - overpoweringly sweet .
` ` and he sent me flowers and took me for drives and did everything that was expected .
swags of scarlet silk hung from the walls and ceiling , orange and red flowers caught in the knots .
a canopy bed with a peach duvet , antique furniture , a shitload of flowers .
olivia finally spotted vince at a table nestled behind a tall marble planter filled with red flowers .
he stared down at the lavish kidney - shaped swimming pool below , surrounded by healthy green foliage and colorful exotic flowers .
placed around the hub , like petals of a flower , are the various arts buildings , one for each discipline : dance , drama , music , and visual arts .
fresh flowers .
my parents sent a huge bouquet of flowers with a card telling me how proud they are and how they wish they could be here .
i half expected twigs and vines , or perhaps even a flower , to be sprouting out of the human 's heads but they remained immobile and completely human in appearance .
large sage and orange flowers bloomed from the vines and i dimly recalled that they were the flower of the tintagelians , the lalitus .
the flower of the thistle .
the blossom of a thistle nestled in the middle , surrounded by thorns .
steam filled the bathroom , evidence of a very hot bath being drawn , and the room smelled of cherry blossoms and spice .
` ` the pins with cherry blossoms are used in up close fighting or perhaps a quick jab as one passes the enemy on the street .
she placed the dark red pin carefully on the nightstand beside the cherry blossom pin .
there was one red pin , three dragon and three cherry blossom pins .
a few hearty flowers tried to grow among the thick stalks .
he felt pride in her blossom , spreading warmth through his body .
chapter 20 the scent of flowers permeated the air .
there were flowers in a vase on a table .
she felt the flicker of warmth in her mind grow and blossom until he filled her with ... him .
there are so many natural oils and herbs and flowers that can be used for all sorts of uses while also creating great fragrances .
he 'd given them the names of flowers and of seasons - winter .
and i 'll buy flowers and a vase , and we 'll put the damn things in it together .
sunshine and flowers in a meadow .
her scent was impossibly feminine , a mixture of flowers and rain and the outdoors .
the meadow was a wide expanse of grasses , flowers , and rocks , and seemed endless .
it seemed a lost world with the tangle of brilliantly colored flowers on the swamp floor and the prairie grasses swaying gently with the slow flow of water .
she squeezed the trigger slowly , precisely , watched the ugly little hole blossom in the middle of the man 's forehead .
the flowers that are pink with a yellow middle are called tratina .
she concentrated on the bright blue flowers with their symmetric petals .
the beautiful masses of flowers were unusual , yet something sinister seemed to lie beneath the ground , just inches from the soft petals , an obscene , malicious presence .
staring at the flowers , gabrielle swore the ground rose up an inch or so as if something were tunneling beneath it .
the colors in the rain forest seemed far more vivid , even as night began to fall , flowers creeping up trunks and bursting across the ground .
lying in the middle of a sea of starry night flowers was mother earth 's offering - her mother 's necklace .
riley reached down into the bed of white star flowers and lifted the heirloom from the blossoms , a gift given by mother earth to her long - dead ancestor .
it was a sight to behold , dense and impenetrable , already covered in moss , leaves , and little flowers of every color .
` ` this is an ancient tradition , '' he explained as he gave her a single flower .
the blossom was large , much like a lily but shaped like a star .
` ` the flower takes on the taste of the giver . ''
reluctantly she took one last lingering lick along the stigma and handed him back the flower .
she pressed her lips tightly together as he took his time obviously savoring the inside of the flower .
this flower is important to our preserving our future . ''
very carefully , so as not to bruise the petals , she scooped up the flower and , cupping it carefully in both hands , she transferred it to the vee between his open legs .
but ... she leaned closer to him , over the flower , her mouth scant inches from his .
` ` that flower is extinct in the carpathian mountains .
` ` the flower ? ''
the larger flower carries the seeds .
once they were alone on the mountain , among the field of night star flowers , he would take advantage , but not now , not while she was waiting and anticipating .
the dragon banked hard and she clutched at the base of the spike at the junction of his neck , gliding as he approached the field of flowers .
and that field of rare flowers ...
he waved his hand , and in the middle of the field of night flowers , there , in the veils of mist on the mountain where she was born , was a large four - poster bed , draped in white .
dax took her hand and led her through the flowers , the scent of him , so potent , surrounding her , making her a little light - headed .
it was hard to breathe with the ash still clinging to the leaves and flowers .
riley spotted flowers springing from the green slopes and rocks , some in bushes almost as tall as some of the smaller trees .
he inhaled the scent of brush , flowers and trees .
the scent of flowers hit fenris as they approached a large open meadow .
the blossom was large , shaped like a star , but the petals and texture were much like a lily .
the flower was beautiful beyond belief and the scent seemed to burst over both of them .
he 's done so much for our people , and this flower is thought to have been part of one of those rituals needed to aid in producing children .
tatijana slipped between two rows of the milky white flower .
` ` each blossom takes on the scent of one 's lifemate , enhancing the addiction to their taste and smell . ''
she stepped close to him so that her scent enveloped him along with the blossoms .
he selected a blossom , picked it and cupped it in his hands , lifting it up to her mouth , his gaze holding hers captive .
tatijana , gaze locked with his , slowly took the sexy blossom and stroked her tongue along the bulbous head .
she could barely breathe , watching the way he took the blossom from her as if it was the most sacred thing in the world .
he lowered the blossom , his eyes moving over her in a slow , possessive manner that left her mouth dry .
fen took control immediately , setting the blossom carefully aside for later , wanting to complete the fertility ritual , but the need and hunger surging so hotly through his body had to be assuaged first .
he reluctantly pulled his fingers from her body and carefully took the blossom he 'd set aside earlier , and placed it tight into the junction of her leg so that the soft petals teased her ultrasensitive body .
her hands shook as she carefully picked up the blossom and turned to face him .
very little plant life managed to grow amid the boulders and rocks , just a few scraggly flowers and grasses .
see right there where those small flowers are growing . ''
one tiny flower and a leaf had been crushed by something heavy as it passed .
bunches of flowers seemed to be springing up , fully formed with stalks and petals within minutes .
there , on the ground beneath his swaying body , mostly buried in the thick mat of grass and the ferns and flowers , were a few telling beads of silver glittering , drawing the eye .
he wanted elegant clothes and her favorite flowers , a party of dancing and laughter , their joy shared with their families .
he lifted her hips to his mouth , pressing deep , his tongue pushing into that little tight flower , drawing out as much liquid as he could get .
they reached the center of the meadow where the flowers grew in abundance .
the flower ritual seems to create a tight sexual bond between lifemates , but as to whether or not it helps keep a child alive , no one honestly knows yet . ''
it is n't so much that i might or might not get pregnant , but i ' ve heard the flowers enhance the sexual need for one another .
the field of flowers below them was beautiful , like a thousand glittering stars staring up at them , rather than looking down on them .
around her the fragrance of the flowers began to take on his scent .
as he did , he shed his clothes , standing tall in the midst of the field of beautiful flowers .
it took a moment to tear her gaze from his impressive erection to inspect the blossom .
dimitri held out his hand , palm up , for the blossom .
still holding her gaze , he lapped at the honeyed liquid along the filaments and ovaries of the flower .
he put the blossom right at the junction between her legs , so that the open petal caught any liquid spilling from her body .
` ` bring the flower to my cock , and hold it there while you repeat the same words back to me . ''
cupping the blossom in her open palms , she inhaled his scent deeply as she slowly knelt up .
keeping her eyes on his , she brought the flower beneath his heavy sac , so that his balls rested inside the open petals .
his scent was heady , all around her , as hundreds of blossoms in the field took on his fresh , masculine aroma .
her tongue danced underneath the very sensitive head and then licked all the way down to the base , until she could sip at the nectar in the flower and stroke her tongue over the velvet flesh nestled there .
` ` if we were n't already lifemates , i would braid your hair with the smaller flowers and stems , but because you are , you feed me the petals and i 'll feed you and the ritual will be complete . ''
it whispered over the flowers and insects droned .
instead , they flew together over the meadow of flowers .
the opening had provided room on the forest floor for shrubs , ferns and flowers to grow in abundance .
arno and arnau lay within the flowers and branches of the funeral pyre , high up where their spirits would have an easy ascension .
flames licked at the wood and flowers , burning the first layer of the pyre and igniting the logs and branches holding the bodies of arno and arnau .
he sent them to their slaughter , death by fire , a putrefying blend of incense he had mixed with poisonous tree branches hidden among the flowers and branches after the pyre had been built .
judy attempted to act surprised while she accepted the flowers .
in his hand was a bouquet of flowers , his hollywood smile framed his face with perfection .
she grinned , took the flowers from him .
meg pulled the train out behind her and rena handed her the flowers .
chapter fourteen the flowers started arriving shortly after karen stepped from the shower .
` ` they 're just flowers , hannah . ''
` ` thousands of dollars ' worth of flowers , '' judy pointed out .
` ` but the flowers are nice , '' hannah argued .
` ` flowers , fancy gifts ... jewelry does n't suck .
she tasted like wine and smelled like passion fruit and flowers .
exotic flowers that made him think of vast beaches and warm sunshine .
his producer sent flowers and champagne and some of his actor friends insisted they have a reception .
` ` the flowers he sent were lovely . ''
did n't you like the flowers ? ''
` ` i loved the flowers . ''
how free the birds appeared flying from flower to flower .
white rose flower arrangements adorned every table along with glimmering opaque candles .
he chuckled and the sound grew like the first flower in spring .
there were balloons , flowers , and rows of women who were slowly noticing that she stepped into the room .
his apology to the woman in question would have to be more basic than flowers and chocolate ... none of which were available .
john had returned home after sending a massive bouquet of flowers with a card .
chapter sixteen he sent flowers .
alongside the flowers was a package of diapers .
katie could n't look at the flowers without laughing .
monica moved to the second set of flowers and sniffed .
the floor squeaked behind her before a bouquet of flowers was thrust in her face .
dean took the flowers from her hands and placed them on the counter .
he reached for his glasses , set them on the end of his gin blossom nose , and proceeded to stare .
trees held back the afternoon sun and wild flowers bloomed on the stream banks .
tables were lavishly set with flowers befitting the occasion .
the maids tied strands of heather together forming sprays of flowers everywhere .
they wove tiny flowers in her hair , and a small wreath sat like a halo on top of her head .
she stood and walked him to a plant with huge green leaves and a bright yellow flower .
silver bows adorn each banquet table , along with mounds of flowers and flickering candles .
these are trees with white blossoms of some sort .
the blossoms drift peacefully down and flutter along the road , beautiful and tranquil .
dante picks up the flowers and hands them to me .
someone hands them flowers and they wave to the crowd before elena leans up and kisses dante 's cheek .
green vines and fragrant white flowers are tangled on each side of the little walk and i pass a motorized scooter leaning against the house in the shade .
she peeked through the peephole , only to find christian price standing in the hallway with flowers in his hand .
he handed her the flowers .
dried flowers were scattered upon it , their petals fluttering in the wind .
there are actually night - blooming flowers that solely bloom in the moonlight .
the air smelled of freesia and night - blooming flowers .
i whispered as i pushed aside lush ferns and flowers to reveal a large canopied bed laden with luxurious bedclothes .
he snapped his fingers and the vines instantly bloomed , exploding into color- the bright blue of olympus lotus blossoms .
hades reached past me and plucked one perfect blossom from the vine .
he reached up and plucked another lotus blossom from the vine and chewed on it thoughtfully as he studied me with his dark and dangerous eyes .
` ` oh , we 'll get to that , '' hades said , munching on another lotus blossom .
he smelled like the night , like velvety darkness and the moon , like heady night - blooming blossoms and musk .
there was a garden to my left , filled with violet blossoms on long , flowing vines .
i inhaled the fresh air deeply , enjoying the scents of the many different flowers .
a row of gold flowers also lined the gloves from elbow to knuckle .
she had the temerity to step closer , followed by a stronger waft of spiced flowers .
they had a faint , minty scent and some of them boasted tiny , fuzzy lavender flowers .
once back at blackmont hall , she 'd found flowers and notes from half of the ton , wishing her good recovery , and she 'd taken advantage of the chance to hide away for a bit .
dress patterns , menus , guest lists , seating arrangements , table dressings and decor , and flowers .
` ` my greatest fear , '' he said , clasping angelica 's hand as they strolled through the gardens - in the daylight , when all the flowers were actually open ! -at dewhurst , ` ` was that moldavi would have made you dracule .
not that she actually pictured the rigid earl walking through flower gardens , brushing his strong fingers lightly over rose blossoms ...
i ' ve allowed you to flaunt your regard for my hospitality and my wishes by leaving your vases of flowers in every corner of my house - including this room - and the curtains wide in the parlors , your gloves and wraps and shoes on tables , and listening to you and your sister and my sister giggling at all hours of the day .
her fencing attire , those close - fitting tunic and breeches , had damp spots from perspiration and one red blossom on the shoulder from where someone had nicked her .
there were smells , too ... lovely smells of spring flowers on the breeze , and fragrances from some of the well - dressed ( and not so well - dressed ) women strolling by .
no more than two fingers wide , as thin as a knife blade and about as long as her hand , it was beautifully carved with more flowers , and leafy vines , and a sun radiating bold rays .
her head fell back , like a broken flower .
` ` flowers , '' nicole whispered .
and suddenly , she could smell everything - blood , flowers , sweat , cigarettes , alcohol , and even incense from the cathedral .
the light , almost sweet scent of flowers in the air .
the scent of flowers that thickened the air - the angel that was close - he 'd have to wait on her prey .
the scent of flowers was strong .
seline tilted her head and caught the light scent of flowers .
the scent of flowers had filled the air all around him .
in those few moments , humans could catch the sweet scent of flowers .
his bellow hurt her ears even as ... as the scent of flowers drifted in the air around them .
the scent of flowers was so strong now that the fragrance drowned out the death and blood .
` ` flowers , '' tanner mumbled .
` ` sweet ... fresh flowers ... '' he licked his lips .
sex and flowers .
the scent of flowers deepened .
a blossom of red appeared on keegan 's chest .
just with flowers .
just the flowers .
` ` and you 're sure the flowers were n't just a gift from a lover ? ''
coming by with doughnuts and flowers .
hell , do you have any idea just how many flowers get delivered after a show ?
a family walked down the corridor , carrying flowers and balloons in their hands .
he sent me flowers .
he was the first man to give me flowers .
she stops in front of the flowers , letting the fantasy go .
her heart blossoms , the love she has for him warming her entire chest cavity .
there was grass and flowers and trees and insects buzzing around .
it 's a pink onesie with tiny flowers and frills on the bottom .
she held up a string of flowers , designed to sit like a crown on candi 's head .
ian frowns and shakes his head , forcing me to tap him with my flowers again .
butterflies flitted among the petals of the wild flowers at my feet and beyond .
mack stopped at my side , staring out into the flowers with me .
a little tuft of purple troll - doll fluff stuck out from between some of the flowers .
candice nudged me with her flowers .
the table near the foot of the bed has three bouquets of flowers on it and two silver balloons .
i sigh and just stare at the flowers for a while .
the smell of fake flower scents sprayed over turds wafts under my nose , making me almost retch .
i watch in slow - motion horror as my body is propelled forward , the cop 's finger pulls back on the trigger , and then an incredible amount of pain smashes me in the chest and blossoms out to consume every single square inch of my body .
my mother comes in , her arms loaded down with flowers .
i drop the flowers lower so i can see him better .
chapter twenty - nine alissa stares at the flowers as if in a trance .
he caught the faint scent of flowers .
there was a small white envelope nestled in between the bloodred flowers .
the flowers .
because of the flowers .
` ` there 's a white flower in the balkans , '' dane told her as he guided her back toward the door .
but a light , fragrant scent , almost like flowers .
who said the way to a girl 's heart was candy and flowers ?
cadence smelled like flowers .
so many flowers .
and the uniform kept standing there , holding the flowers .
the f**king flowers .
katherine - katie - walked into her home and smiled when she caught the scent of fresh flowers in the air .
his fingers clenched around the flowers .
` ` by the way , i liked those flowers . ''
the scent of fresh flowers filled the air .
dead flowers , looked like roses , sat at the base of the tree .
that flower .
` ` this is really beautiful , '' i say as we walk down the rows of flowers .
maybe it was the paper flowers or homecoming ribbons on the walls or the alternating red and blue lighting , but this place was romantic .
the sweeping marble staircase has bouquets winding up the railing and the entire room smells like flowers .
i could smell the flowers and grasses and the wood of the trees , the soft loam of the forest floor and the fungi and mosses on the fallen and rotting tree parts .
butterflies flitted from one flower to the next , staying in place for a few seconds before moving on to another temporary landing pad .
they are a playful race , not concerned with much more than dancing , laughing , singing , and skipping through the flowers . ''
i touched the leaves and the needles and the flowers .
a miniature orange tree grew right outside , surrounded by a mulched ring and then flowers around that .
` ` i can arrange to send flowers and monetary assistance . ''
` ` farla , there 's a mountain of flowers in the entry , and this came with them . ''
the note and the flowers were something i never expected to receive from my former family .
` ` fes , i sent flowers and a note to reah , '' marzi exclaimed excitedly .
i found a flower shop in campiaa city early one morning , bought a bouquet of blossoms and tossed them in the ocean .
the decor is rustic : random chairs and tables with gingham tablecloths , wild flowers in little vases .
robinson , his birth mother , whowho did this to himmaybe there 's a reasonable explanation , and i ' m over - reacting - wild hope blossoms in my chest - hope that i am wrong .
it 's claire from reception , desperate to know who sent the flowers and what happened to jack .
i tell her quickly that the flowers are from my boyfriend and that i know very little about jack 's departure .
i ' m aware that the usual vase of flowers is missing .
someone has created a magical bower of beautiful wild meadow flowers mixed with glowing fairy lights and miniature lanterns that glow soft and pale round the room .
it 's exquisite , so delicately crafted , the filigree in the shape of small abstract flowers with small diamonds at their heart .
i yelp , startled , and realize that today we 're going back to seattle and my melancholy blossoms .
the vase of flowers lies smashed into fragments all over the floor of the foyer , water and flowers and chunks of china are strewn everywhere , and the table is overturned .
epilogue the big house , may 2014 i lie on our tartan picnic blanket and gaze up at the clear , blue , summer sky , my view framed by meadow flowers and tall green grasses .
i quickly looked around and saw the whole room was filled with white lights and all the flowers from my parents ' house .
it was a giant frame filled with dry flowers .
or she had something planted in my flowers so she could boss me around remotely .
even in the winter , they had flowers planted .
the flowers are beautiful right now .
trey was holding a huge bouquet of flowers .
inside each pumpkin were beautiful fall flowers .
aunt maria , did you see how beautiful the flowers are ?
` ` the apple blossoms ? ''
` ` garrett , all these beautiful flowers must have cost you a fortune . ''
i can still smell all the flowers . ''
garrett chuckled as he set the flowers down on the nightstand .
` ` on the flowers . ''
he sent flowers to the office on friday , and the card said he was looking forward to spending saturday evening with me .
plus , it really made me gleeful how annoyed caine got every time he passed my desk and saw the flowers .
it makes the flowers smashed between them bloom all at once .
it 's a beautiful day , full of the promise of spring : clear skies , puffy clouds , the sweet scent of early flowers blowing in on the breeze .
chapter one the heady scent of flowers filled the room .
i glanced back at the flowers .
there were balloons , ribbons , flower chains , and sparkly confetti everywhere .
i swore i 'd seen the flutter of wings by one of the bushes with the bright pink blossoms .
odin had marked mae as special , calling her a woman crowned in stars and flowers .
the scent of her apple blossom perfume drifted over him , a bizarre contrast to the scene at hand .
a fragrance so intense it made her dizzy filled her nostrils , and mae reached up to discover a wreath of flowers on her head .
they were apple blossoms , just like the perfume she normally wore .
the air around them shimmered , and suddenly , they were small , white stephanotis flowers .
worshippers knelt in front of the images , leaving offerings of various types behind - candles , flowers , incense , even bread .
or flowers . ''
to mae , he said , ` ` has she ever mentioned a crown of flowers ?
and in one of the visions , i had a wreath on my head made of different flowers that kept changing . ''
justin was on the verge of offering some esoteric answer about how one could n't describe the beauty of a goddess but instead found himself saying , ` ` her hair is gold , like sunlight on a winter 's day , worn long and unbound with a crown of flowers on top . ''
` ` apple blossoms . ''
odin and the ravens had talked about mae being crowned in flowers since before justin met her , and it made sense they 'd be referring to a fertility goddess in their own pantheon .
green leaves burst into life , soon followed by delicate pink and white blossoms .
the blossoms grew and then fell apart , showering her in fragrant petals , far sweeter and richer than any perfume of hers could manage .
and in the flowers ' places , fruit began to grow , starting small and green and soon developing into full , red apples that weighed down the limbs .
mae made the decision , closing the distance between them and giving him a hug that left the fragrance of apple blossoms behind when she stepped back .
stars and flowers .
the greenest place you ' ve ever seen , filled with flowers and butterflies .
a few wayward strands of hair blew around her face , and the faintest whiff of what smelled like apple blossoms drifted over him .
he was too lost in the taste of her wine - sweet lips , intoxicated by the scent of sweat and apple blossoms .
she was only a dark silhouette in the doorway 's scanty light as she looked down upon him , but for the space of a heartbeat , he could see her crowned in stars and flowers .
you saw the crown of stars and flowers , insisted the raven .
justin knew the words by heart : you 'll know her by a crown of stars and flowers , and then when you take her to your bed and claim her , you will swear your loyalty to me .
we sing songs and prayers to her , bedeck her with flowers , and give our blessings to scholars seeking her aid .
we know what the stars and flowers are .
the indigos are always coming by with flowers .
you 'll know her by a crown of stars and flowers , and then when you take her to your bed and claim her , you will swear your loyalty to me . ''
yielding the stars and flowers for the clever compromise .
he even had a cluster of little white flowers on his lapel .
she pulled the star - shaped white flowers out of her hair and examined them .
we were still fairly high , and unlike the rowan land 's perpetually pink cherry trees , these had lost their blossoms and were in full leaf .
her only garment was a short dress made of leaves and flowers .
at the front of the room was a podium decked with flowers .
with sydney , there 'd been barely enough time to decorate the place in candles and flowers .
she went with him to the little garden in the corner , and jack husk laid out his checked blanket behind some stone urns overflowing with ivy and scant alyssum blossoms left over from summer .
then he leaned back against one of the stone urns , arranging the billow of ivy and blossoms around his head to look like a wig .
here among the tigers and the dacoits ' long knives there were many to choose from , not the least of them the marvelous fevers with names like exotic flowers .
the upper echelons of the indian civil service were known as the ` ` heaven - born , '' and when james saw the legion of white - turbaned servants bearing trays of colored sweets and cocktails among the fantastical banyan trees and the overlush vine flowers , he began to see why .
` ` good morning , blossom , '' he said in his soft voice , smiling just enough to show his sharp canines .
she dressed her in strange and beautiful clothes , and she wove intricate crowns of flowers for her hair .
together they would bait their lines with blossoms and wait quietly for butterflies to alight on them and then slowly , slowly , they would reel them in , and the queen would reach out , take them onto her finger , and transfer them to mab 's hair , where they would perch , fanning their wings in the sun like a crown of living flowers .
together they would bait their lines with blossoms and wait quietly for butterflies to alight on them and then slowly , slowly , they would reel them in , and the queen would reach out , take them onto her finger , and transfer them to mab 's hair , where they would perch , fanning their wings in the sun like a crown of living flowers .
he said , holding up a blue spike of blossoms .
they could think of nothing to say but the names of flowers , and it seemed a sort of language of its own .
they were hothouse roses at first , and when spring came around , daffodils , and in summer , dahlia blossoms so big she had to hold them with both hands .
the blossom was white with a delicate blush of pink in its center , and she asked , ` ` what 's it called ? ''
she looked quickly back down at the blossom 's blushing center , and she felt as if that small word was opening her like a bud , like the sun had touched her and she was unfurling her petals to better draw its warmth .
they were vast , the blossoms or bleeds .
some tasted of honey and flowers , thick - skinned and thin and varicolored .
melliel 's team had been nearing caliphis when it hit them , seizing them like so many shed feathers and sucking them back the way they 'd come , along with every other sky - borne thing in its path - birds , moths , clouds , and , yes , even stormhunters - as well as many things that the surface of the world had not been gripping as tightly as it might , like trees ' entire blossom bounties , and the very foam off the sea .
the column of her throat was exposed as red overspilled her lips , streaking down , viscous and opaque , to the white cascade of her dress , where it bloomed like flowers of blood , nothing but blood , and still she sucked at the fruit .
it was barely there at all , but in the hint of its existence it was as fragile as night blossoms - not too sweet but just enough , like the dew on a requiem bud in the palest hour of dawn .
the ruff of spikes at his neck lifted , bristling , and opened like a deadly flower .
plates of jasmine blossoms sit on dressers and balcony ledges .
narrow side streets overgrown with colorful flowers and vines .
the sting of it blossoms against my flesh and sends stars bursting across my vision .
the statues of the angels and gods that line the square are all covered from head to toe in flowers .
but warner 's face changes seasons as i enter the room : the cold line of his mouth blossoms into a bright smile .
there are fresh flowers in five different vases and four brightly painted walls and there 's a little desk in the corner with a little matching chair and there 's a potted plant and a set of old paintbrushes and there are picture frames , everywhere .
i can smell her perfume ; it 's familiar and too sweet , like a million flowers competing for attention .
the store logo is pink with flowers and butterflies , and it appears that the store is specifically focused on kids ' clothing .
up on a hill overlooking the rest of the gardens , with purple flowers blooming on my left and the monastery spires rising up in the sky on my right , i almost missed her .
i leaned my back against a stone ledge just below the purple flowers , the blossoms nearly brushing the top of my head .
my mother , simon , mimi , and i , along with jillian and sophia for certain portions , had been shuttling across the bay and back again for two days of cake sampling , menu tastings , flower designing , dress fittings , and big band listening .
it was safe enough up here in the high field , with no likelihood of company beyond bess and blossom , the two stolid drayhorses pulling the roller .
bess and blossom could see the approaching stone fence as well as he could , and were perfectly well aware that this was the spot to begin the ponderous turnabout .
opening his eyes , he could see the rider coming up the lane from the lower paddock , neatly framed between blossom 's ears .
in the other window , another poster showed a caterpillar , inching its way up a flower stalk .
the crowd fell back from the whirl of ian 's arm , and the heavy coil flew up in a smooth parabola , unwinding as it went , landing on jamie 's outstretched arm with the precision of a bumblebee lighting on a flower .
in the winter , there were no shrubs or flowers growing , but leafless aspens and larches spread a delicate tracery against the sky , and a deep green moss cradled the stones , thriving despite the cold .
` ` yes , '' he said , through jamie , ` ` i thought much of women ; their grace and beauty , blooming like lotus flowers , floating like milkweed on the wind .
as i passed the soldiers ' garrison at the city gate , i looked back , to see the many roofs of the palace outlined by bursting flowers of red and gold .
i breathed in deeply , a lovely smell of grass and flowers , with minor notes of sheep and sun - warmed dust .
the scent of oranges rose up from the empty cup in my hands , sweet as bridal flowers .
it was pleasantly rough under his fingers , handmade paper with the ghosts of leaves and flowers pressed into its fibers .
fresh green sprouted everywhere , spangled with tiny flowers ; the kindness of spring laying garlands over winter 's bones .
quiet , with just the sigh of the cool wind and the buzz of bees busy working in the yellow blossoms .
he 'd already milked the two cows , milly and blossom , and they 'd settled for the night , big humped dark shapes in the grass , peacefully chewing their cuds .
unable to sleep one night , he 'd gone out into the woods and , roaming restlessly to and fro , had encountered claire , kneeling in a hollow full of white flowers , their shapes like a mist around her .
a pungent aroma suddenly filled the air , sharp and plangent through the softer aroma of the flowers .
i had seen dawnings in warm seas that came like the bloom of some tremendous flower , a great , slow unfurling of heat and light .
the warmth of the day had made his cologne blossom on his skin ; grey caught the hint of ambergris and carnation , spice and musk together .
it was an antique but not a valuable one - an ugly victorian thing in the shape of a sprawling silver flower surrounded by writhing vines .
he had a small , buzzing snore like a bee working in a flower , a tidy , busy sound that grey found mildly comical .
he had on his worn buckskin leggings and breechclout , with a calico shirt so faded that the red flowers on it were nearly the same color as the brown background .
and on the other ... frances was a lovely child , delicate and pale as a morning - glory blossom .
it was midmorning , and the air was like treacle , thick and sweet with flowers , sticky with tree sap , and completely unbreathable .
` ` i won thy wager for thee , '' she said , passing a hand over the delicate blue satin ribbon threaded through the neck of her shift and fluttering the hem , adorned with embroidered flowers in blue and yellow and rose .
a monstrous pokeweed rose from the center of the patch , nearly ten feet high , its thick red stem supporting a wealth of long green leaves and hundreds of purplish - red flower stalks .
he was self - conscious as hell , blushing to match the flowers as he thrust them at her , but i admired his gallantry in the face of that fear .
but when the sun shines in the morning , it 'll be a wonderland of sights : the mountains covered in green trees , the flowers creating a palette an artist would die for .
the blade is wrapped with tinfoil , and the hilt is decorated with plastic flowers .
i know i should n't feel the little thrill of anticipation that blossoms in my stomach .
anticipation blooms in my stomach like a lazy lotus blossom .
after he flipped off the lens cover and snapped a couple shots of the beautiful flowers , hardy found himself focusing on a view of a different kind .
as she bent forward , cupping the delicate blossom of a deep purple orchid and burying her nose in the center of its petals , her face fell into shadow .
the flowers emerging from them looked quite different than the other orchids .
she was standing still as a statue , observing a single bee as it buzzed from blossom to blossom among the orchids .
all the furniture in the room as well as the comforter and pillows were creamy white , but for a blanket draped across the foot of the bed and the curtains ; they were covered in flowers of pink , lilac , mint green and yellow .
receiving two flowers at the same time is one of the things on my bucket list , '' she teased .
from their vantage point , the balloons looked like an enormous bouquet of round , pink flowers that grew larger by the second .
the violet and lilac - hued blossom of the orchid hung heavily from its delicate stem .
she asked , resting the pot in one hand so she could cup the blossom with the other .
she bowed her head and stuck her nose into the center of the blossom , inhaling deeply .
the tiny purple flowers are here .
my hair is a mass of shiny black curls , piled high on top of my head , anchored with tiny white flowers sprinkled throughout .
every cell in my body welcomed his closeness , all my senses opened up to take him in , like flower petals opening up for the sweet , wet kiss of the rain .
she 's wearing the same robe she 's worn since i was a little girl - dark blue with tiny pink flowers embroidered across the chest .
the moon is huge and bright overhead , illuminating the tiny white flowers that sprinkle the lush grass at my feet .
when he speaks , his words pour over me like rain over flower petals .
i cupped one scented blossom in my hand .
then a butterfly lit on the devastated blossom .
but then the flame tips twisted into twirling translucent vines with tiny green leaves and delicate purple flowers .
one had vines with tiny leaves and delicate flowers .
or poking out of flower arrangements .
filled with the happy sounds of chatter , laughter , and music , the room was dressed in white draperies , white lights , and white flowers everywhere .
a bouquet of white flowers with faint red and blue accents rested in the center of each of the tables .
all the girls swooned over him , because he was always bringing her flowers and leaving her love notes on her whiteboard .
her black bob was straight almost to her shoulders , and she had a circle of small white flowers in her hair .
a phoenix rising from the bud of a flower .
it tasted to george of champagne and flight and flowers and the world being born and of the very first moment he laid eyes on her and she 'd told him her name and it all burned bright as the raging sun , so bright he had to close his eyes .
' the man on the land ' , bulletin , australia , 10 july 1946 australia , 1946 four weeks to embarkation letty mchugh halted the pick - up truck , wiped non - existent soot from under her eyes , and noted that on a woman with ' handsome features ' , as the saleswoman had tactfully defined hers , cherry blossom lipstick was never going to alter much .
they had presented it on trays decorated with flowers .
but i told him , ` ` i may look like a delicate flower '' - that 's what my father used to call me , his little jasmine blossom - ` ` but i ' m actually quite strong .
beside it , on a rickety table , stood a bottle with several beautifully arranged blossoms .
was n't this more fun than fussing about plans for flowers and bridesmaids and what - have - you ? '
avice thought secretly that she would probably have liked fussing over flowers and bridesmaids , but she did n't want to spoil the mood so she smiled enigmatically .
everything was made of the same grey stone and really old , and everyone 's gardens were perfect , with tiny blue flowers creeping over the tops of walls , and immaculate little baskets of trailing leaves , like something out of a book or maybe midsomer murders .
she had little plug - in things that released ' a luxurious scent of rare blossoms and rainforests ' dotted around her skirting , and bowls of pot - pourri that she sprayed from little bottles of scent , and she had about a billion candles in the bathroom ( ' i do love my scented candles ' ) .
tubs of seasonal flowers punctuated the pavement with perfectly laid - out , gaudy displays .
a sweeping stone staircase led visitors into a hallway that already echoed with the conversation of the other diners and was dotted with pedestals containing huge arrangements of flowers .
then she picks up the flowers , the champagne , and heads upstairs .
then , with a blush , she talked about a nice man who had sent her flowers from the restaurant two streets along .
the windows are brightly painted , the flower boxes full of christmas cyclamen .
daffodils had emerged as if from nowhere , their yellowing bulbs hinting at the flowers to come .
mrs traynor gazed out of the windows , to where her precious garden had begun to bloom , its blossoms a pale and tasteful melding of pinks , mauves and blues .
the air was thick with the smell of blossom , and people smiled as they passed me on the street .
the marquee was situated in a walled garden , the wrought - iron gateway into it intertwined with garlands of pale - pink flowers .
the lights dropped , so that our little table was less conspicuous , the overpowering fragrance of the flowers was tempered by the evening breezes , and the music and the wine and the dancing meant that in the most unlikely of places , we all began to actually enjoy ourselves .
i smelt the lotus flowers on the night breeze , heard the distant sounds of clinking glasses and hastily drawn - back chairs , of music from some far - off celebration , felt the charge of nature unleashed .
not with chelsea here , lighting up the room like sunshine and flowers and pure , unadulterated beauty .
since you told me your middle name is rose , every time i hear the words rose or flower , blossom , or bloom , i think of you . ''
` ` brought you some flowers . ''
a smile crept on my lips as i went about replacing the flowers .
` ` hope you like the fall flowers .
the blush - colored flowers brought out the deep pink hues of the bridesmaids ' dresses while the stark white lilies were in memory of susan , jake 's mother .
it was a vine of flowers that also included a butterfly .
while aj held bella in his arms , mia had an armful of balloons and flowers .
you should have actions like me groveling on my knees , begging and pleading for forgiveness , sending you flowers every day .
instead , jake , aj , and rhys blew past him , their arms laden down with flowers , balloons , and stuffed animals .
the room could have doubled for a florists with all the get well soon flowers and balloons .
i recognize the smell of her signature fragrance floating in the air - peaches and cherry blossom .
no organ music or church full of flowers surrounded by friends and family .
his boutonniere on his lapel is a tiny miniature of my bridal bouquet , the spray of flowers the only thing distinguishing him from looking the way he does any other time .
after rushing to get ready , i made it to claire 's at seven on the dot and knocked on her front door nervously with flowers in hand .
she answered the door wearing a sexy little sundress and i swallowed hard as i held out the flowers .
i spritzed myself with my favorite peach and cherry blossom body spray and then applied a fresh coat of lip gloss and i was ready to roll .
peach and cherry blossoms .
this was my first visit to the south pacific and i was in awe of the idyllic setting , crystal - blue waters , brilliant blue and cloudless sky , tropical flowers and plants , and rolling hills in the distance .
` ` we ' ve cultivated a unique blend of pressed nut oils infused with tropical flowers that rejuvenate and nourish your skin .
i picked through the pink blossoms , hunting for a card .
pushing all that from my mind , i thanked him for the flowers and headed into the kitchen .
i wondered if this was the real reason for the flowers .
` ` who sent you flowers , girly ? ''
i mean , look at the type of flowers he sent you ! ''
why does it matter what type of flowers he sent ? ''
the yellow tulips and white calla lilies were beginning to slowly bloom and olivia thought that the flowers could be a metaphor for her feelings for alexander .
the sight of him alone overwhelmed her very being as he smiled with a twinkle in his eyes , holding flowers for her .
a team of thirty was already getting the white chairs set up , as well as the flowers and arbor in front of the gazebo .
` ` from the hubby , '' she said with a grin as she stepped inside my office and set the flowers on my desk .
they are flowers .
gorgeous flowers blossoming across the surface of the dress , sending out an exquisite fragrance that can bewitch the senses and enflame the libido .
tonight i am not interested in eponas famous floral architecture , its green temples and statues sculpted from foliage and embroidered with flowers .
i find it a rather stimulating flower , rather poignant too for some utterly unknown reason .
yes , form , he says , the expanding patterns of a mandala , waves rolling over a pristine beach , the ripple of a breeze through blossom trees .
only the fornicators remain ; a carpet of decadence lapping around erotic temple columns , ever changing configurations of flesh , ever expanding like the patterns of a carnal mandala , the rolling of waves against a beach , the ripple of a breeze through blossom trees * when i return to the grand inn of mortalities i have my injured arm encased in an auto - doc .
i listen to the call of birds in the blossom branches above us .
a wormhole opens around her mind like the petals of a midnight flower .
pollinating bees large as cargo ships move from flower to flower , their wings a continuous blur as they dip their proboscis into fluted stigma .
passionflowers the size of full moons blossom from monumental walls of foliage , blazing like cryptic mandalas in an ocean of coarse emerald .
on either side of the path , jewelled flowers dip towards her , unfurling their tongue - like proboscis .
she moves from flower to flower , careful to avoid venus flytraps and carnivore flowers disguised as peonies and innocent carnations .
the spring air tasted of sweet barbwood blossoms and creeping winkleaf , but even more of expectation .
do the blossoms have five petals , or six ?
and the flowers are violet with blue spots ?
the stewardess curtsied again , and asked najima to follow her , as she led the way down the rich hallway lined with oil paintings and lush flowers on small tables .
cholla were actually quite beautiful , with chains of vibrant yellow flowers dancing over them when they were in bloom .
a long pair of white jeans , brown boots with fur lined tops , a long white t - shirt with brown flowers and a matching brown scarf .
she emerges moments later in a tight fitting sweater top with a low cut front with white flower trimming .
16 : epilogue paris : 2 years after reaching hawaii claire is wearing her black sweater , the one with the white flowers printed on them and the sparkling abalone top button .
druzeel took a deep breath enjoying the cool air and the scent of flowers that decorated the tower grounds .
tall , thriving tress grew just along the edge , along with colorful bushes , aromatic flowers , and other forms of life that provided the woods with a comfortable atmosphere .
all around them , as far as they could see , were flat lands of green grass , bundles of tress , colorful flowers , and clouds shaped like bundles of cotton .
beyond the fence were grounds filled with colorful flowers , decorative stone pavers , and shrubbery that lent beauty and grace to the archmages gardens .
each was surrounded by elegant scroll patterns that ended in leaves , flowers , or , as any wizard should be quick to notice , runes that certainly held magical power .
beneath them , a carpet of ferns and exotic flowers stretched as far as the eye could see .
they entered a land of sparkling light and carpets of green moss that created a soft walkway amidst the ferns and colorful flowers .
i had read about a third of the way into it when i once again came across the article entitled a lotus in blossom .
the thistle scraped his leg as he past by , stinging with their sharp bristly flowers .
the cartoon yak looked up at her with soulful eyes , nodded , and returned to eating flowers .
strangleholds market was , for now at least , glutted with intoxicants and narcotics of every description : in one aisle alone , hesperus was offered everything from bales of tobacco and jameson weed to exotic concoctions of za blossom extract , fermented groal milk and ten - year wiseberries .
one half was generally referred to as the jungle , where lush green foliage , trees and flowers provided the oxygen and much of the fruit , not to mention tobacco for home consumption and black market trading with moon .
nuts , fruit , flowers , wheat , vegetables .
across the stream , in the darkened tree boughs , colorful birds flitted from branch to branch , and some kind of ashy pink flower petal blew in the wind .
banks of flowers .
as you should well be aware , pip , the fashion for gentlemens scents this season is towards the caramel , almond , vanilla kimchee blossom is nt even chic for grannies and kitchen maids .
i know that new ceres is a vulnerable , artificial construct a ridiculous english hothouse full of exotic flowers , surrounded by the howling winds of winter .
having grown up in a city slum , he was nt very knowledgeable when it came to flowers and wildlife .
following it down i pass though thickly scented groves of orange and lemon trees , the smell of the blossom in the still night air is so strong , it 's almost overpowering .
after the last clod is in place , there 's a rustling of leaves and a small williwaw sweeps through the graveyard ripping blossoms and fresh leaves off the trees .
standing back to admire our handy work , i say , ' with all those oranges and blossoms , we hardly need to decorate him . '
once annie has joined them , julie puts a bouquet of flowers , big cheerful yellow daisies , on the grave .
in the near - dark of the room it looked like a fleshy flower not quite in bloom , and i forced myself to look away before my eyes adjusted more .
she still had nt gotten her period back , and it was driving her crazy , watching everything else become fertile again , the trees and flowers , the rabbits .
there were no walls , or if there were , all were concealed by flowers , small trees , shrubs , and fountains .
they sat at a patio table surrounded by flowers and the smell of jasmine .
the smell of wild flowers was intoxicating .
the woman wore a pinned on hat with too many flowers .
farther down the sidewalk , in front of a courthouse building , a cat was perched amid the white apple blossoms on the limb of a beautiful roadside tree .
the weather was excellent : dusk was falling , there was a sound of crickets chirping and the air was filled with sweet - scented fragrances of flowers .
her aunts had sent her numerous messages to keep her current with the most intricate details of who said what and who did n't agree , together with the fifteen versions of the wedding party design , flower coordination and color scheme .
in the distance , in a clearing , turmeric had spread and it was in bloom , covering an entire hill with lavender flowers , reflecting the violet fruit and flowers of the eggplants on the other side .
in the distance , in a clearing , turmeric had spread and it was in bloom , covering an entire hill with lavender flowers , reflecting the violet fruit and flowers of the eggplants on the other side .
large butterflies sprinkled the landscape , gathering nectar from the flowers of star anise that scented the humid overheated air with an intense licorice fragrance .
the ride was almost instantaneous and the doors opened into an orange blossom - scented living room .
there were branches dripping with honeysuckle and crab apple blossoms .
her coworker louis was offering to come by the hospital with chocolates and flowers .
he offered her the beautiful white flower with the intoxicating scent .
the flowers revealed themselves to be fester tails , using the bloom off each stem as a hat .
he lowered his floors , rounded out the roof , and was thoughtful enough to include vases filled with lovely flowers .
the figure , unmistakably a tiea by the lithe purposeful movement of the body , reached up with gloved hands and slowly removed the hood that was covering the head to reveal an elegant tieatarderi female , her well defined features lovely to behold , her platinum coloured hair , fine and long , dressed in tresses interleafed with herbs and flowers and small leaves from plants that inhabit the wilds .
i could see quite clearly even from this distance each beautiful manicured garden , all with brightly coloured flowers and shrubs basking in the sunshine .
all displayed an abundance of flowers , some of the various coloured petals had fallen to the paths beneath and it seemed we walked upon a soft colourful carpet .
i noticed serinae resplendent in a silk gown of olive green decorated with numerous miniature flowers individually made and sown into the fabric of the skirt and bodice , her long hair was brushed to a sheen , it no longer had within it the ties and dried , scented flowers i had associated with her normal hair style but a single jade green hair comb , the same green as her eyes , held it back away from her face .
i gladly took a sip of the sweet sparkling wine , the aroma of which reminded me again of home , there where the woods and the air would be fragrant with spring blossom .
trees and plants with bright flowers and many liana like growths drooping between them .
then up the bank of dunes through sea grasses interspersed with low fleshy plants the stems of which were a pale greyish colour adorned with bright yellow flowers .
around the edges of the lake in the shallower waters grew many flowering aquatic plants giving the impression of a flat mirror surrounded with a frame of colourfully painted flowers .
we marched out of the city gate into a wide flat valley of alpine meadows a rich green colour interspersed with splashes of colourful wild flowers swaying in the cool breeze .
all were in flower and the purple and yellow hues looked as beautiful as the flowers in the alpine meadow we had passed through earlier .
the surrounding trees i also did nt recognise they were big leafed growths , lianas hung from them and big blooms of exotic flowers could be seen , in fact the woman had such a flower tucked into her hair behind her ear .
i stood below the trees , i stood knee deep in colourful flowers , i could hear the large bees buzzing around me .
a sense of shock and surprise pulsed out of the other consciousness as she touched its edge ... ... a three fingered hand covered in a faintly iridescent grey skin reached out to pick a small blue flower with thick furred petals .
there was a soft wind blowing , carrying the smell of the night - blooming flowers and the pungent odor of the mating sun - droppers .
the king smiled again , the moonbud flower , grows under the night sky , its smell is sweet but it has sharp thorns that will kill a man , if he comes too close .
flower of night , petals of white .
there were many small animals , lying dead at the foot of the god , the holy woman had offered them , along with plates of delicious food and sweet - smelling flowers .
its small white flowers , lifted upwards to the night sky , their stems were thorny , with a red point at the tip of each spike .
at the base of each statue was an offering of flowers and a golden bowl of grana .
she sat down upon it , still holding the small flower , in a soft calm voice she asked , would you like me to tell you the story now ?
egmar held the flower close to her and began to tell the story .
egmar handed the flower to andra , take this and take my son , he will need a strong woman to stand beside him , together the gods will smile on you .
inside the air was heavy with incense and the sweet smell of field flowers .
strings of field flowers were laid around the base , as well as balbar fruit and trinkets , all offerings to isarie .
nearby touch - tenders sang softly and the elders of the tribe placed field flowers and glowing braziers of rare incense , to show their sadness and respect .
they held a small moonbud flower in their hands , they were careful not to touch the pain inducing petals .
as they came close their hearts began to beat faster , they saw no enemy just a vast field of small white flowers .
the yangmar fared no better , their thicker hides allowed them to race further into the flowers and prolonged their deaths .
suddenly they stopped and began roaring in pain , some tried to run back but other warriors pushed them back onto the deadly blossoms and to their death .
the moonbuds had no effect on the rimar , centuries of exposure to the small poisonous flowers had made them immune to its venom .
they were like little bees flying about except there were no flowers and no queen .
there was an altar and some statues stood around , everything was laden with flowers .
they swam towards the island , and when they reached it they saw it was covered with grass and flowers , and on it was a large screen showing the world through the mans eyes .
then he reached inside , and with an exaggerated flourish pulled out an enormous bunch of flowers .
you re all sweetness and light so long as you get plenty of sacrifices and lots of offerings of flowers and chocolates , otherwise its fire and brimstone all round !
and if she had returned a few weeks later , she would have seen that the plants growing here had sprouted a wild profusion of flowers .
there was a small vase of flowers on the table and a candle as well , and these , together with the dim lighting , reminded donna of her temple services .
the smell of oily fish arising from it seemed to take on the fragrance of all the flowers of paradise .
a mass of red flowers had been arranged on a wire frame in the shape of a dolphin , floating on a sea of blue with yellow flowers in the front representing a beach .
a mass of red flowers had been arranged on a wire frame in the shape of a dolphin , floating on a sea of blue with yellow flowers in the front representing a beach .
and thanks again for the flowers , they were lovely .
the foods great , the flowers are great , everything here is great .
airi and i had gone to festivals here in the summer , and walked around looking at cherry blossoms in the spring , and it had always been a vibrant , lively place .
usually you could smell the freshly blooming greenery and blossoms even in tokyo during this time of the year , but it was oddly muted .
i rolled over to find a set of keys attached to a key ring in the stylized blossom shape of the japanese police .
i had n't noticed it up to that point , but the cherry blossoms were still in bloom .
finally the cherry blossoms were around long enough to really enjoy , and there was no one to enjoy them .
ueno was a popular place to have cherry blossom viewing parties , so i should n't have been surprised .
and i did n't know how many more were waiting for me back out near the cherry blossom trees .
if i closed my eyes , i could almost feel like it was a day in the park during cherry blossom season , a tarp spread out underneath me just before drifting off to sleep .
the voices of the others were soft , but audible , almost like other picnickers , and the cherry blossoms were still strangely in bloom .
she said , and before i could tell her that we had nt actually introduced ourselves , she walked off at a brisk pace , side - stepping a dwarf cherry blossom tree that had pushed its way through the cracked pavement , carpeting the asphalt in pink blossoms even though it was summer .
she said , and before i could tell her that we had nt actually introduced ourselves , she walked off at a brisk pace , side - stepping a dwarf cherry blossom tree that had pushed its way through the cracked pavement , carpeting the asphalt in pink blossoms even though it was summer .
kira let out a sigh and asked , what does this flower look like , felmar ?
the problem is , they are solitary plants , and each one produces just one blossom at a time .
she remembered running through the courtyard outside of her home on tython ; the goralia trees were in full bloom and the sweet smell of their blue flowers filled the palace courtyard .
they would be forced to fight their way through the underbrush in order to find the flowers , all the while keeping a watchful eye out for predators .
nights widow , a dark blue flower with white dots on the outside petals , kaya repeated , nodding back at her sister .
with excitement and a renewed sense of hope kira cut the flower from its stem and placed it in her satchel .
she looked at kaya , who had also noticed the flowers and gave a halfhearted smile .
pulling open her satchel kaya pulled out two flowers and showed them to kira .
shed found some brighter linen in storage and filled a small vase with mountain flowers in an effort to brighten it up .
a small collection of mountain goats were grazing on wild flowers on a swathe of pastureland that cut its way between two peaks rising skyward .
beside her , a large hat with burgundy flowers sits .
the glorious range of greens and browns punctuated with splashes of red , yellow and purple flowers set off the blueish surface of the pond .
he guessed that ayako would like the pale pinks , and whites , which would remind her of cherry blossoms and the snows of japan .
several buildings are obviously homes with individual touches of flowers and arranged shrubs .
but i also saw beautiful trees and flowers that covered the jungle like jewelry draped across a beautiful woman .
he now had a forearm bandaged just from brushing up against a plant that had fronds splayed like an asian fan , pink flowers on the end , their petals also sharp .
and never hesitate to keep bringing me flowers .
dan also noticed the pass between the mountains seemed instantly wider , and there was grass underfoot with flowers and trees springing up out of nowhere .
i took the flask from my pocket and looked at the engraving that covered the silver surface : lotus blossoms , of course , the symbol of purity , flower of the water .
at the way the delicate blossoms would be swept up by the spring breeze , whirl through the air , and then gently settle down to earth .
staining it in sharp contrast , like cherry blossoms , with their ruby centre amidst white petals .
but years of government investment had turned cardiff into a boom town , with renovation spreading from the docks outward , blossoming like a flower .
it was february and the tree was covered in ice crystals but it held blossoms as well .
they were the prettiest pink blossoms he had ever seen against the crisp white snow and crystals of ice .
the tree held several more flowers , he felt sure would eventually ripen into fruit .
energy blossoms on so many other worlds , he explains .
wonder why they call them energy blossoms ?
hey , what s with the flowers ?
the creature licked clean silent williams wounds and placed garlands of blossom around him for it knew all the places where honeysuckle grew .
delicate trees , arms lifted toward the sky , were scattered throughout a carpet of ruby red flowers .
she huffed , watching them , but then turned her attention back to the flowers .
after all , you could nt help it after sniffing the flower .
thank you , but i have to check out the properties of the flower for the sake of science .
she knew their minds were partially open to mind - merge , having been somewhat affected by the rhosyn flower .
its the color of the fire trumpet flower .
the flowers affect people strangely and sometime violentlyand frydracos .
awel hurried over to a massive wardrobe , with intricate carvings of leaves and flowers , and pulled out garments in various hues .
i felt as if overcome by the rhosyn flower pollen .
the sun made its way through the delicate trees onto the undergrowth of wild flowers and bushes of succulent berries .
as she withdrew her hand , flowers of red heat blossomed along the length of the handle , spreading until the entire handle was consumed .
a wizened , old wyndgaart walked to the center of the stage , taking his place among the tropical flowers and smoldering spices placed around the exterior of the warriors circle .
as the plasma blossoms cooled , debris from the former alliance cruiser drifted aimlessly in space .
small flowers of every color in the rainbow were splotched across the nearby hillsides .
a blossom of red light appeared in the night sky , quickly fading away to black smoke .
before she could feel relieved the egg split lengthwise into spiraling pieces , opening like a blooming flower .
as black flowers blossomed in zook 's vision he pulled back his blade and rested its razored end on the man 's belly .
bene let alfar sink down into the lush grass and the last of the autumn flowers , the young man lying back with a sigh and his eyes staring up at the sky .
edging these paths were narrow gardens carefully tended by the initiates and planted with flowers and herbs indigenous to yarilo .
autoc continued to stare at the flowers nodding in the sun .
puffing , myme chlo collapsed in the middle of the meadow to begin sorting out the flowers .
ortok was in merry mood ; lanes were decorated with bunting that hung from tree to tree and houses were adorned with garlands of berries and masses of tiny clusters of blossom .
chapter twenty - three daxel sat moodily amongst a clump of bushes , his long legs outstretched and his thin fingers plucked an auriol flower .
the wild flowers were highly scented and made him sneeze .
he picked up the half - plucked auriol flower that he 'd discarded and finished pulling off all the petals in an absent - minded way .
where the snow had melted , there were meadows of early spring flowers .
he loved the trees and flowers and was often found crouched by a stream , meditatively watching the eddying currents .
` ` this sarehl is one of yours , little blossom , '' snarled lodestok .
` ` he is better than you will ever know , little blossom . ''
` ` no what , my little blossom ? ''
here , he could laze back in long grass where flowers , whose scents were unfamiliar , dotted the ground all about him , and insects , such as he 'd never seen , hovered overhead .
~~~ when chlorien woke for the second time , she found she lay in a thick bed of pampa with the smell of spring flowers and blossom thick in the air .
~~~ when chlorien woke for the second time , she found she lay in a thick bed of pampa with the smell of spring flowers and blossom thick in the air .
lush growth was everywhere - climbing vines with large orange flowers grasped the thick black tree trunks and mingled with the canopies .
between them were clumps of small yellow flowers .
autoc nodded , his eyes wandering to a cluster of wild red sippin flowers .
the girl was much smaller than most of her age , an almost boyish frame that had yet to blossom fully with the flowers of her gender .
braedon , named for the wild flowers that grew within the heather , came into the lennox home , and was immediately accepted as family despite not being any blood relation .
you could move up , down , or through the beautiful flowers , ferns , vines , and other foliage .
take the dome we are in now , there is a beautiful rising cascade of cut metal shapes that look like a mountain of flowers rising up in an arc , the whole suspended somehow from the domed ceiling .
his features tightened with some deep but indiscernible emotion as he added , the last blossom left to the house of renier .
the fins , like petals of a flower , stood half open .
my dear daughter , in her flamboyant manner , made it an elaborate vine and flower .
she seemed to be interested in the flowers and various birds that were near the large pond .
the zaphead mouthed a wet uurk but continued to attack , even as a blossom of red spread across her formal white blouse .
instead , he found that the side door opened onto a little cemetery , with unkempt grass , faded plastic bouquets of flowers , and low marble markers in uneven rows .
the sudden blossom of crimson on his shirt spread across his chest .
it lay in a thicket of large bushes , out of which shot thin branches filled with cotton - like flowers .
the trees were growing thin , the bloom of flowers losing their radiance as all around him prepared for the long cold embrace .
he looked under his hand , and a few small flowers bloomed in the seclusion of a ravine cut deep in the rockface .
he saw hundreds of different kinds of flowers , blooming along riverbanks , dancing among the leaves of the trees .
not only with the flowers and trees , but the people themselves are alive in a way not possible on novan .
dressed in a beautiful white and yellow dress with faint blue flowers around its trim , she knelt in front of him .
he went down by a cliff , that overlooked a great valley of rivers and brilliant flowers dotting the landscape .
then the image changed to show a body of water moving which he saw a plant like flower rise from moving water spreading apart like an open flower .
then the image changed to show a body of water moving which he saw a plant like flower rise from moving water spreading apart like an open flower .
pointed tusks bulge from its lower jaw and saliva drips from its wide mouth as it sniffs a tuft of blossoms near the trunk of the tree i am perched in .
her hair is fanned out all around her , a riot of golden tendrils coiling around flower stems .
the flowerbeds were full of thousands of spectacular flowers , and everything was in full bloom without a hint of wilt .
there were also thousands of exotic looking flowers that looked like they would be more at home in the tropics or in a green - house than in a northern wisconsin yard .
trees , birds , flowers : everything was a wonderful miracle to her , while to me she was the greatest miracle of all .
there were bushes and vines and ferns and moss and all sorts of flowers too , bigger and healthier looking then i ever saw before .
there were flowers big as dinner plates and berries big as apples , and bugs you do nt even want to hear about .
smells of apple blossoms and herbs overpowered the demon stench .
dragon 's rest was huge , easily several kilometers across , and the greens were patch - worked with dozens of other brilliant flower colors .
the knee high grass vied with patches of vivid colored wild flowers and berries , upon which fed an equally colorful host of creatures ranging from bees and butterflies to deer and elk , and to people of all descriptions , including humans , unicorns , pegasuses , fawns , centaurs , ogres , and giants .
underfoot was a rich carpet of greenest grass and brightest wild flowers , encircled by a few small aspen trees and some rather large boulders and old tree stumps .
in the center of the grass and flowers on a small rise stood a most exquisite unicorn .
the soft , red carpet beneath her feet bore elaborate designs of flowers .
a vase full of different - colored flowers had been placed on top of the mahogany nightstand .
he planned to get his bearings as soon as the sun rose , head northwest , take the rail back to his university apartment near central haven , fix something hot to eat , forget about ever going on hikes without good reason , and then he would - a bushel of flowers caught wodis eye .
the flowers were strange ; some of their whiteness had splashed onto the black tree bark , as if they were thickly painted and then clumsily handled .
wodi carefully crawled over to the bushel , peered inside the flowers , and saw something like purple spirals nestled against fleshy pink folds .
the alien flowers were not native to haven .
tall towers of black flowers rose up to meet thin strands of green - filtered light .
matted wreaths of milk - blooded flowers choked at one another , thorn and stem cutting and growing as one .
another flower 's blossom looked exactly like a cat 's head , a defense mechanism devised to keep away the mice that would chew at its stem .
the flowers on the wreath are nt burning .
the restaurant was beautifully decorated , the walls were covered in bright murals and there were potted plants and flowers everywhere .
they were spectacular , they consisted of five enormous tiers of tree 's , vines , and brilliantly colored flowers .
one of the girls touched a bright red flower near the front of the carpet and it started to smoothly accelerate as it gained altitude .
the landscaping was impeccable with lush flowers and perfectly trimmed arborvitae trees .
one had a simple yellow flower , and the other had a mountain .
oh yes , we had a small house in a place with trees and flowers and a stream .
she wore the silken cloth they spun from the ma'ktu flowers that was as thin as flowing as the river water itself .
` ` flowers .
dolores was sitting at a kitchen table running her finger absently around one handle of a battered metal colander as zac removed the blossom and stem ends of green beans then broke them into pieces and tossed them into the colander .
they stopped several times and looked at birds , animals , and flowers in the golden light of dusk .
there were several clumps of fall flowers , but the only ones dolores and neil knew were wild asters .
neil always seemed to find autumn wild flowers to brighten up the van .
smelt the unexpected womanly scent of honey - flower .
grasses grew and died , flowers bloomed and wilted .
silver flowers bloomed in the shadows , and above , dark birds flew towards the stars .
the curved wall of glass dissolved into trees laden with pink blossoms .
a breeze ran over the mourners and released a rain of tree blossoms from the boughs .
the flowers descended over cerhared , falling to the garden ground and pooling in petals of violet and cerise .
several more birds flew in to join it , chirping among the red flowers of hanging fronds .
within the foliage , golden flowers bloomed , their petals glowing like small suns in the night .
the crowds walked in and out of the enormous flowers that towered like closed tulip buds .
above , the flower came to a tip , while below , the petals scooped into a swirling floor , meeting with pollen stems in the middle .
the flower blossomed , a stark contrast to the buds around it .
the green was a lush sheen on the grass , the flowers a brilliant assortment of wild colors .
beside my head , the flowers were white with five petals each , like stars the size of pinpricks .
the air filled with flowers rising from the earth , sprinkling the boughs like diamonds , until i could no longer tell the difference between the boughs and the starry night sky beyond .
it looked as if the flowers themselves had risen up .
these flowers are tsahparra ouh heh ehahph .
the starflies tend to these flowers .
they do all look alike the flowers , and the flies , and the stars .
the flowers were flying up to join the stars overhead .
these will look lovely in your beautiful hair , lass , an older flower - woman said to piper , holding out a small white flower to her .
within the cage , jutting outwards from the lamp like petals of a flower , were six compact cameras .
the outlandish colored plants , the larger than day 's flowers , the trees all were overly - sized .
the unusual , strange colored flowers were in full bloom taking in the blue lights of the blue moon , the weird outsized birds were singing in the malformed trees above and the out of the ordinary tadpoles were still swimming in the stream nearby .
the shallow stream wound northwards towards the regal castle on the outskirts of the large fields of flowers and perfectly tiled rows of vegetables , grown from the nimble hands of the elves and dwarfs that live in the castle .
the disheartening smells of sulfur and swamps gases gave way to the smells of green grasses and budding flowers .
the heavy blue fogs that covered the forest floor could not been seen now , only lovely flowers and tall grasses lined the road and the surrounding areas .
it has a startling red colored flower for a hood that should be blooming right about now in the early morning .
the witches harness the evil powers , trolls relish the taste of the flowers and for us wizards with the right magic it will heal wounds to the heart or body .
the nectar of the flower is sweet to the taste and the root is foul smelling and pungent . ''
digging into the ground with a renewed vigor and willpower louis exposed the flower and root completely .
new spring flowers will bloom , the lakes streams and ponds will fill with clean waters yet again , the green grasses in the fields will grow high as before , the air will become perfumed , and the lands will flourish with life and activity once more , but most importantly our queen will return to us .
malik turned the speeder up the winding drive past towering trees with pink and white blossoms .
vines of lavender flowers covered the palaces white walls .
the locketthe red and orange flower symbol of the destructor .
like flowers and trees ?
this had overspread the walls and partially filled up the interior , and later its surface had flowered into gems , as thick as blossoms in a bed of pansies .
in the entrance stood a vision in white : aoife , in a long white sacrificial robe , wearing a chaplet of flowers upon her brows .
she had seemed to lie on the couch in the chamber as she was actually lying , while over her pulsed and throbbed a gigantic black blossom so enormous that it hid the ceiling .
then it was that she saw , not a gargantuan blossom , but a dark - skinned woman standing above her .
valeria twisted her arm around in front of her , and the thing fell to the floora great black exotic blossom on a jade - green stem , large as a womans head , to be sure , but tiny beside the exaggerated vision she had seen .
the blossom whose scent brings deep sleep .
one man stepped forward ; he wore a necklace decorated with long bright flowers .
the room was surrounded with green plants hanging from the walls , vines climbing to the ceiling , flowers budding everywhere .
she leaned over and caressed a single blade of grass between her fingers , noticing tiny little meadow flowers mixed with moss and grass .
the trees , the flowers and the shrubs were of a hardier type , and i realized that at night the galu blanket might be almost a necessity .
* * * * chapter 14 moon flower- the flower of the lady a poisonous plant , with berries , purple flowers , every part is quite toxic , but has been used in medicines to deaden pain .
* * * * chapter 14 moon flower- the flower of the lady a poisonous plant , with berries , purple flowers , every part is quite toxic , but has been used in medicines to deaden pain .
it is called the ladys flower , or the moon flower .
it is called the ladys flower , or the moon flower .
we gathered a few leaves , twigs , and flowers to bring back to the hut .
in the clearing was a beautiful child , she wore a filmy white gown , tied with flowers and vines , they twined her head in a crown , and fell beneath her midnight locks tangling as she twirled and sang this haunting song .
she swept away vines , and steered her way along the barely visible trail , not much more than a dirt path littered with dropped and decaying leaves , and rimmed with strange flowers and mushrooms .
there were flowers in the moss that were especially difficult to pry away .
i frowned that she was n't running through the flowers to greet me , maybe i was in trouble .
a fiery blossom of smoke and flame erupted overhead , the rain no match for its incendiary fury .
both sides of the freeway lay covered in rich verdant lawns interspersed with masses of brightly - coloured flowers .
there were no full size trees in the aquadome , but diminutive plants were now popping up everywhere , especially those with colorful blossoms .
hansum and guilietta 's romance blossoms , but true love does not always run smoothly .
a flower ca nt grow without death at its roots .
she loved flowers and plants and wanted to become a florist specializing in exotic flowers , herbs , and native plant species and habitat restoration .
she first began to notice vague patterns in the bark ; the suggestion of an eye or face on a fir , or vague circles , spirals , flowers , or triangles on a red cedar .
she first thought that she was imagining the shapes , but the further she went , the more elaborate and definitive the patterns became , until she at last encountered a cedar that was a living totem pole from which a dozen or more life - like humanoid faces stared out at her , encircled by spiral , flower , and animal shapes , also formed by bark , and , she suspected , the underlying wood itself .
the flowers were of the same type that were scattered thinly throughout the forest , but thousands of them congregated here and they were of extraordinary size many more than two meters tall with flowers more than twice the size of teacups , twice as tall and large as any she had ever seen before .
the flowers were of the same type that were scattered thinly throughout the forest , but thousands of them congregated here and they were of extraordinary size many more than two meters tall with flowers more than twice the size of teacups , twice as tall and large as any she had ever seen before .
misled initially by outsized flowers and trees , only as she neared the cabin did she realize that the structure itself was much larger than she had at first supposed .
dooley knew what the auras of all the people that visited goth mountain felt like ; usually like nothing much , or if they did have much of a feel about them it was usually good , like the call of a songbird , the warmth of the sun , or the smell of spring flowers .
johnny recognized rhododendron , vine maples , huckleberry , and oregon grape vines , all displaying colorful spring finery , mostly in the form of delicate white or yellow blossoms around which flying insects swarmed .
walls were lined with tables and shelves cluttered under dried leaves , flowers , and mushrooms , odd colored rocks , animal bones , and old wasps - nests , feathers , notebooks , and other naturalist paraphernalia .
around the path and across the brook spread fresh , green , grassy meadowland , decorated in blue , orange , red , and gold by rampant patches of wild flowers .
every nearby blade of grass was green and without defect , every flower was without wilt or fade , every tree leaf was without insect chewed edges , and without dead or broken branches .
the entire group followed pru around the side of the cabin and into a small glen full of incredible wild flowers .
she cried as she slammed the umbrella straight into the stomach of danish and a big beautiful bouquet of flowers that exploded , sending blossoms everywhere .
he looked at her , the umbrella , the blossoms on the floor , then back at her , at a loss for words .
` ` hell hath no fury than the landlady finding blossoms all over the floor . ''
the dense bundles of flowers formed an elaborate design that flowed up the gradual slope , clearly visible around the sellers booths at the citys center .
unfortunately , silas was either killed the day after his last log entry ( from the ark lords ) or consumed by the piranha rats but he never lived to see new earth , later helome blossom .
the plant is still growing and fertile and producing white flowers and seeds .
- generic flowers .
if you can not find these flowers , then burdock root is next best .
he stared at a chain of small star - shaped flowers arranged in her hair .
abigail gently took the flower from her hand .
the duvets were twice as thick as my own , and the single flower resting in what looked like a champagne flute was a touch of brilliance .
i was stood outside a terrific looking building , which was surrounded by palm trees and tropical flowers with a narrow strip of marshland at either side .
he lived long enough to see the apple trees blossom and the first grain crops harvested .
flower buds pushed up towards the sun , filling rapidly once freed from their subterranean prison .
in the center of each flower was a large cluster of what appeared to be pollen that floated lightly on the breeze .
strangely , the smell of the purple flowers from the previous evening seemed to be all around him .
for example , the feeling of the warm sun on the horse 's flanks , or the smell of freshly bloomed flowers .
it looked like a dining room at a vacation resort ; the tables were wooden and adorned with flowers in small crystal glasses .
i could smell the sweet aroma of the white flowers that grew at the sides of the field where there were no tents .
i had tried to apologize , only to find that my words were as useless as the many baskets of fruit and flowers my parents ' friends had sent the week after lucien had died .
after walking several feet , andy pulled back a particularly thick patch of vines that held beautifully shaped pink flowers .
plants without flowers are less bitter than those with , the plants also lose the bitter taste after the first frost .
what we 're going to do is take our buckets and pick just the leaves from plants with no flowers .
it had to have been a few feet taller than the other trees around it and its flowers were a beautiful dark blue .
admiral tarkas sat on a bench under a bright pink tree , staring at the stunning flowers blooming on the branches .
look at each flower .
zurra paused , regarding the white - speckled flowers .
she found several fields of flowers , but the special corydalis curvisiliqua was not to be found .
towards midday , she reached a field of flowers near the top of a ridge .
there was a yellow flower among the others , and she dismounted to study it closer .
there is a very rare little yellow flower that i am interested in .
it was a colorful carpet and even from a distance , she could see several yellow flowers that could be the corydalis curvisiliqua .
i know you are very interested in that yellow flower for medicinal purposes , but did you know that there are other flowers the indians use ?
we came to take a specimen , the yellow flower , back to the future for analysis .
he stole the flower and the silver and might not want you to return and accuse him .
when i start testing the yellow flower , i will have to be even more careful and wear protective clothing .
no , please , just you know how i am testing a yellow flower to see if it can cure depression ?
the flower looks right , as well .
i guess you do n't know it , but around here you can go a lifetime and never see this many flowers at once .
heaps and heaps of fresh flowers .
a breeze blows the scent of magnolia blossoms into my face .
every flower seemed symmetrical .
the way the ornate architecture framed her and the brilliant blossoms of the plants growing in front of it suggested it was all done specifically to frame the woman .
unnoticed in the darkness of the night before , cabin walls were lined with shelves cluttered under dried leaves , flowers , and mushrooms , odd colored rocks , animal bones , old wasps - nests , feathers , notebooks , and other naturalist paraphernalia .
every nearby blade of grass was green and whole and perfect , every flower was without wilt or fade , every tree leaf was without chewed edges , and without dead or broken branches .
their path followed a shallow valley lined with grass and flowers of every description , through which the little stream they had first seen near the cabin flowed .
he called her attorea , after the yellow flowers of our world .
she could concentrate on the strange specimens of tree and shrub , flower , and stone far ahead , following them with her eyes until they were close , dead even , and then lost far behind them .
the mountains shifted their faces as more rolled into view ; the forests undulated , dipping left and right into the open green meadows , dotted by white and cornflower blue flowers .
the white mountains covered in short , dark green vegetation and bright purple and white flowers gave way to bright sand plains and dark green fields far beyond the city .
the heavy white doors slowly swung inward on hinges the color of deep purple flowers , the color of seynorynaelian blood .
the transport left riliya at the edge of gelyfaeon park , a small alcove of lonely green trees and scattered flowers among the shining white and silver city .
riliya stopped to observe the great blooms of blue and violet miri flowers that filled the air with their fresh sweet scent .
then riliya noticed the purple flower the other boy held tightly in his hand .
he had no reason to resent the boy 's being in his favorite place , except that he cherished the spot as his own , but seeing the light purple flower gave him an excuse to get angry .
ornenkais mother hated it when people pulled up the flowers , and he took this action as a personal attack against her .
as the boy turned to gaze down on the blossom in his hand , his earnest smile faded , his friendly voice now subdued .
riliya brought a bouquet of flowers identical to the one that ilika had picked for his mother nearly a year before .
riliya put the flowers aside .
the field was suddenly filled with blue and violet flowers .
the wind caught the soft pink blossoms of the sedwi trees nearby ; flower petals began to fall like pink snow upon the fields , carpeting the grass and the golden attorea flowers waving in the breeze .
the wind caught the soft pink blossoms of the sedwi trees nearby ; flower petals began to fall like pink snow upon the fields , carpeting the grass and the golden attorea flowers waving in the breeze .
the wind caught the soft pink blossoms of the sedwi trees nearby ; flower petals began to fall like pink snow upon the fields , carpeting the grass and the golden attorea flowers waving in the breeze .
kiel tramped across the glens as the snows melted and retreated , and when the warm season approached , he made his way to the north , where the stony brooks ran down from the mountains , tumbling in waterfalls down steep , rocky banks , where the wind swept up the wild sherin flowers on their branches , and lilac petals wafted and swirled in the air , cascading like snow upon the land , and where the ceiras birds sang mournfully over the bright , sandy shores of lake firien .
hinev has nt brought any food in for me , and my sister keeps talking to me about keln flowers , as though its the most fascinating subject in the world !
on the bridge , the could nt hear the winds sweeping over the golden attorea flowers and over the grasses undulating like ocean waves ; they could nt hear the sound of the ceiras birds circling over lake firien , beyond the range of sight on the port side of the new explorer spaceship .
she also wore a vibrant yellow flower in her hair tucked behind her ear .
gone were the green hills and pleasant flowers .
there was green grass , colorful flowers , and a couple of small trees that made the place seem like a park .
there was not a lot of time lost on preliminaries because pierre dupont was anxious to taste the flower of the young girl that had cost him such a large sum to obtain .
master heard the queen gasp as he took the first nectar from her feminine flower .
a small pillow was placed under her head , and the old woman that had brought her the stew came and placed a medium sized white flower on her pubic mound .
as the group drew nearer , she saw that the girls were throwing white flower petals .
mona swallowed her portion of the white flower and waited for the violation that was sure to follow .
yes , in step 2 , we will repeat the process , but this time the insertion tool will utilize your feminine flower .
- yes jenny founded herself in the usual hall where was purple wallpaper with flower pattern .
she noticed only now how blooming colored are the houses , the cars , the flowers , the gross , the trees and the sky in the sunshine .
there were small , colorful flowers on the higher lacing of the wall .
this room had orange furniture , yellow walls with orange flower - patterns on it and yellow curtains .
the blossoms had just fallen off and the bean pods were tiny on the thick vines .
the ceiling was hung with streamers of white and green flowers , which had been specifically requested by the happy couple , because those were the colors of their favorite sports team back home .
he was a shirtless man with a muscular build and long silk pants , but a strange metal mask over his entire heads , large and protruding in the shape of a pentagon and his eyes began to glow a bright orange , with mechanical underpinnings in the nose and mouth area like a strange breathing apparatus , but with moving parts that twisted in and out like flower petals blossoming .
he saw a strange white flower growing out of the rock floor and lights glowing all around it .
when she sat up out of the water , she could smell sweet blossoms coming from her hair .
red and orange spheres grew on the trees arms as the flower blooms were carried away in the wind around them .
as they walked , julieth saw an area of green where the albino sat staring at a patch of yellow flowers nearby .
tables decorated with flowers and elegant tablecloths .
he sets out for a shrub a few hundred meters away where there are huge pink flowers .
a rustle then small animals take off from the flower trumpets and scatter in all directions flapping their membranous wings .
she points at a pistil which extends from a flower .
from the tone , i would say it dislikes us ... she has just completed the sentence when the flowers close up into spherical shapes and go away pushed by a gust .
nothing in comparison with what can be seen in spring , when millions of flowers roll along the valleys , pushed by the seasonal winds .
give us the most beautiful planet in the universe , with wonderful forests and flowers and meadows , and we will not be satisfied with it .
i recommend it if you like wild flowers and do n't mind landing on a runway which has been carved out of sheer mountain cliffs ( on your left ) and borders the ocean ( on your right ) and which , following a fatal air crash three decades ago , was extended to run out further into the ocean on stilts .
he was even taller than zach , but as thin as a flower stalk .
` ` i doubt a dreameater would kill byron over flower nectar , even accidentally . ''
i knew the milkweed was poisonous , but maybe the other flowers were edible .
tall green stalks and clusters of flowers rippled in an invisible breeze .
i squeezed my eyes shut and told myself sternly to go the hell to sleep , but little flowers of color bloomed behind my eyelids and reminded me of something martin said .
byron had been working on the flowers , breeding them for better nectar .
the shockwave blew the hair back from my face and the afterimage of fire glowed in my eyes like a vision of a burning flower .
all of the flowers and nectar they 're not offerings at all , are they ?
they do n't need better flowers , better food .
it was a shallow metal tray full of flowers , little bundles of pink five - petaled blossoms .
it was a shallow metal tray full of flowers , little bundles of pink five - petaled blossoms .
there were flowers the size of mtavs , and trees scraping the sky .
a red , blooming flower was tucked behind her left ear ( and fed from the artery in her neck ) .
i settled for a white dress with peach - coloured flowers , the spaghetti straps covering up the uneven tan from constant use of strapped clothing .
the flowers were always in bloom , even during winter when the snow fell .
lashonda gripped her bouquet tighter , digging her claws into the fabric wrapped base of the white dogwood blossoms and silver sprigs of pussy willow .
lashonda turned to see her new mother - in - law , gladiola , standing in the doorway , resplendent in a pink pants - suit and wide - brimmed hat decorated with netting and faux flowers .
she wore a sundress patterned with giant pink flowers and a mauve knit sweater .
nelly brought lashonda to a small room decorated with yellow fake flowers and blue curtains .
instead of plain white like the paper gowns , this one was covered in tiny , purple flowers .
green is a good color on a black cat , much better than little purple flowers .
in the middle lay a pathway made of cobblestones and on either side , fresh flowers blossomed .
she brought the blossom to her nose and inhaled a delicate aroma .
each nacelle was filled with a blossom of short overlapping blades and had a smooth metal cowling .
that was the most awesome blossom monkey maneuver ever !
the holy war for human horror flowers here in me : just try to stop our march and you will see .
when i raise my hand when my eyeballs bloom like flowers and my hands go forth to war , when the bell that tolls the hours cracks and falls and rings no more , when the oceans turn to deserts made of salt as fine as sand will you still deny your treasures ?
it had been early april , which was cherry blossom time , and she had enjoyed the vibrantly pink and scarlet flowers lending color bursts of warmth to the urban landscape .
it had been early april , which was cherry blossom time , and she had enjoyed the vibrantly pink and scarlet flowers lending color bursts of warmth to the urban landscape .
she was disappointed the cherry blossoms were nt in bloom yet , though she could see the tightly wrapped buds on the branches .
a stream trickled past rows of yellow flowers , which gave off a scent like honey .
dorina looked down and noticed that they were walking on a beautiful floral persian rug , black with muted peach and rose flowers on it .
it was a chambray tunic smock ; similar to the one jacy was wearing , sporting embroidered birds and flowers near the shoulder .
he could smell something that reminded him of the cool , rainy spring when he would walk home from school and pass the trees in the park with their lavender blossoms .
she followed jacys lead as they walked leisurely along the concrete path past tropical shrubbery with bright pink flowers .
spring was her favorite time of the year , with the blossoms giving the air the clean , floral , fresh smell .
brightly coloured flowers lined the path , and small and large statues hid among the foliage .
big , pink , cloud - like flowers floated amid a sea of dark green leaves .
a few little white flowers dotted the spaces in between .
the table was set elegantly with candles , flowers , and a formal table setting .
my cake will be chocolate with white icing and lots of colorful roses and flowers .
this is field of flowers for titanium two .
this is field of flowers trying to reach titanium two .
field of flowers for titanium two .
vines with beautiful purple flowers climbed the surrounding walls on all sides .
the garden itself was filled with bushes and flowers of every color imaginable and was separated by the white marble pathway that i was now walking on .
the vegetable beds were so finely manicured they looked almost painted in shades of green , magenta , rose and purple , accented by tiny catmint and thyme flowers .
` ` have you noticed how beautiful mint flowers are ? ''
since it was the first to wander into this vast new watery world um took the liberty of naming its features - the planes of areya , gemma 's cradle , floating blossom ridge , solomon 's path , lilya , the grand stair of alcan , the cliffs of bartolomeu dias .
when in bloom its flowers echoed the reddish soil and their pendulous , translucent buds could almost be mistaken for one of the ubiquitous pieces of ceramic art that embellished the grounds of every home on their island .
* * * the sisters exited the glass building and sarah turned left to take the narrow dirt path overgrown with bromeliads and bird of paradise flowers towards the beach .
the breeze caressed her cheeks , sifting a dusting of blossoms from the pear trees and bringing the delicious fragrance of vanilla closer .
seen from above their group resembled a gigantic blue flower with its center swarmed by bees .
she listened to the giggles and shouts of the little ones chasing each other on the beach , she took in the perfume of overheated gardenias and vanilla blossoms , carried in the breeze .
festooned implied some kind of old - world family dancing around with ribbons , draping them over lamps and doorways , catching the flowers as they fell out of their hair .
every man fantasizes about the dew on the flower .
this garden is described as being full of flowers and fruits , with beautiful birds playing among them .
your consciousness , every prickly , self - absorbed , chronically nervous bit of it , is slowly and deliciously dissolving into the grass , the flowers , the birds ; and all the while that haunting , half - familiar fluting is gradually growing louder , filling every fiber of your being with a powerful sense of peace and fulfillment .
the massive field was covered with colorful flowers , there was exotic looking butterflies all over them and flying about in the air .
he walked through his new front yard that was full of plant life , beautiful flowers planted in the front of the house that ranged in many different colors .
the circular glow hit a faux flower decoration hanging on the wall in the foyer .
after our lavish buffet dinner we finished the weeks ' activities by going for a walk on the grand terrace , a large boulevard of hothouse palm and tropical fruit trees , flowers and exotic grasses .
while monitoring juls as he dug up a small bunchgrass with purple flowers , she noticed the tearing sound it made coming out of the soil .
there were a few others that she suspected were related to reproduction , such as the flowers that seemed to attract the flutterbys .
the jungle was alive with the laughter of the flowing water , the music of birds , and the rich fragrance of newly blooming flowers and honeysuckle .
after nearly a day of travel , the sun was beginning to lower in the skies to the west , above the lush canopy of mossy boughs , thick leaves and bright flowers .
several hundred feet to the left of the causeway , a bright low fire burned in a stone ring in a flower filled grotto , just beneath the trees at the edge of the lagoon .
the cool , whispering water was always to her right ; and rich fields , prosperous farms , thriving ranches and deep fragrant copses of trees and wild flowers to her left .
the current tray was pale green with little white flowers painted discreetly around the edge .
sapphire chips formed the centre of the flowers .
riley spotted a vase full of flowers .
and there were the flowers that added spots of colour to the yellows and greens of the grass .
some of the flowers were poisonous , some could be used for their medicinal properties .
ferns , trees and flowers surrounded and shaded a grassy space where a young valkar woman sat .
i could see the trees , brown and green , with the grass , and a few flowers .
the flowers in the garden sent up an intoxicating aroma .
they caressed exotic flowers descended from planets of disparate origin .
the dump rooms walls opened up like flower petals .
the air had the pleasant tang of yawning flowers and sweet grass .
the grass , the flowers , the treeseverything had been varnished with stubborn dew that would nt evaporate till midafternoon .
not one petal on one flowers to be smudged .
burbushes , twist trees , and long - stemmed pink flowers had been scrupulously planted to hide the walls from casual notice .
for half an hour , bledsoe sniped the plants and flowers around wren .
chapter twelve sagesse : 2 days later the palace at sagesse was completely decked out with decorative banners and flowers for the ceremony .
on its tiny feet little yellow shoes were clearly rolled from flower petals .
and because it could soak away wetness , it was also very useful for drying out things like flowers and fairy corpses in order to preserve them .
the aroma of the hor d'oeuvres , appetizers , and desserts on display rose to mingle with that of exotic flowers .
giselle touched down lightly in a field that appeared to be an open meadow with wild flowers waving in the soft breeze .
every florist shop in town was busy ordering the mass of flowers for the floral arrangements at both the cathedral and the bride and grooms house .
as soon as they were securely down on the pad , it started to lower and the flower petal surface started to close over them .
the trees had blossoms and green fruit and ripe apples all at the same time so fruit could be harvested continuously .
` ` why all the flowers ? ''
` ` they are n't flowers , they are cuttings from the apple orchard and a few other places nearby . ''
she liked the cherry blossoms best because of their delicate pink color .
i turned and saw cullen framed by green branches and white blossoms .
it stretched to its full height and the first of many future blossoms unfurled along a vine .
there was no sign of a blossom and i knew that there had n't been for a long time .
when i opened my eyes , the violet was once more a beautiful accessory with several colorful blossoms that the captain 's wife put on a small table in a corner where it set off the whole room in the lovely way .
fruit , veggies , some flowers or maybe a slab of raw meat ?
she wore neon purple slacks with lime green flowers printed on them .
but here it was not made of light ; its bark was brown and its light pink flowers gave off the faintest perfume .
small buds began to bloom into flowers on the tips of the branches .
she felt a whisper in her mind , like the scent of blossoms .
the flowers on the drasil 's branches bloomed .
he breathed in that faint scent of drasil flowers that perfumed her skin .
as he stared at the star charts and maps of known planets and territories , he caught the faintest scent of drasil flowers .
the flowers are in various states of growth , from budding leaves , to pathetic withered twigs .
the light swinging of her feet as she hums is making the fake flower on her headband bop around .
little flowers of flame shoot up with pops and spurts .
green ankle - high grass , pretty colorful pink , orange , red , yellow , and blue flowers , tall healthy brown tree bark with overstory yellow and orange leaves , low thick hunter green bushes for hiding wildlife along with squirrels , chipmunks , birds , and ( slap my neck ) insects .
i twist the crick out of my neck looking behind my right collar bone , narrowing my eyelashes , seeing more trees and pretty flowers .
the flowers are pretty .
i carry shafts of polished gems which are clustered into a single bouquet , not pretty soft flowers .
i t - jump off my tacky float trotting through the door , stripping my jewelry , handing off to the little cute girls , who return pink flowers to me for fun .
bartholomew and ann ride inside an enclosed wooden tree bark - designed stagecoach with streamers of wild flowers in rainbow colors flowing horizontally , diagonally , and vertically around the roof , the wheels , the doors , the hump trunk .
if you trample the flowers , then you receive zero points .
then , rann pulls the reins backwards on apollo near the flower bed of pink and white flowers .
he reaches sideways and down gathering a handful of pink and white flowers , and then lifts his torso upright , grinning .
may i say a nice touch with the flowers .
why did nt you do that thing with the flowers for me , bartholomew ?
starra , when i smell the fresh aroma of wild flowers , honeysuckles , and wild strawberries while growing on the side of the cliff .
the south wall holds wrapped mystery boxes of colorful bows , ribbon , and flowers .
my carriage jolts one foot then jerks to a stop while the citizens toss flowers and candy into my float .
i m a popular noblette when the bigger girls hand long stemmed flowers .
the wall is lined with girls waving hankies , flowers , ribbons , and rustling their gowns above the knees , some as high as their thighs .
ragnor staggers , looks down in surprise at the crimson blossom at his chest , and falls back .
orange butterflies circle over waving flowers of gold and crimson .
as i approach i can see most of the windows sport window - boxes full of autumn flowers .
charlie wooding , the blond boy from next door , brought me blooming and freshly flowers and a nice new hat and a cake written welcome sophia and kris to brownton , which he said his grandmother , sally wooding , had supposedly baked .
it was domes and towers of stone among fountains , groves and flower gardens .
wild flowers covered the meadow , and a large , summer - fat herd of deer grazed peacefully among them .
there were huge jars of pickled onions , wheels of cheese , large sacks of flower and potatoes , racks of dried meats , rice , beans , everything she needed to last the winter .
there were rose blossoms of flesh and bone at his knees , his elbows and his feet where he had been cruelly blasted by accurate rifle fire .
in the trees i could see blossoms of fire reaching up to the sky .
but the thought that this place with its sharp , clean scent and its chattering nature was always here , safe and waiting for humanity to return to it as tia walks mutely beside me and branwell trails his fingers through rustling white flowers , i go to war with myself to keep tears from spilling onto my cheeks .
her stomach is covered by only a sheer drape of fabric with orange flowers , her modesty barely protected by a small wrap of silk .
victoriana is inked in a sloping hand on the cover amidst a curling pattern of tendrils and flowers , branches and thorns .
i inspect the light , curious if its powered by gas or electricity , all the while trying not to crush the white may blossoms under my legs .
the flowers add points of brightness on the grubby bricki would nt want to hurt them accidentally .
scattered through the meadow was a strange flower that reminded him of black - eyed susans , except with pale pink petals and a deep purple center .
thousands of small , orange petaled flowers skirted the treeline .
the sun , shining through drifting , darkened clouds , spread its golden light on the valley highlighting the deep , green grass mixed with a kaleidoscope of flowers .
yes , all principals dwelt in extravagant palaces sited in the midst of the forest where their subjects lodged , the palaces themselves being usually established on lofty hills hemmed in with flowing streams and lovely gardens swaying with flowers of all sorts as well as expanded forests that streamed with uniform tunes from the choir of restless birds .
unexpectedly , visions , tinted with a darkish blue color , which was not the way they appeared to anthony , streaked in his mind , flashing at lightning speed through the forest and pausing on a lively white - petalled flower , which anthony was also seeing and smelling .
the leaves of the exquisite flower were a brilliant purple and on its stem were small but needle - shaped and very pointed thorns .
it was before this very flower that anthony and storm and their two canis came to a sudden halt .
she left with carrie , having obtained carefully the flower , along with the dirty cloth that wrapped it .
surrounding the conversing two were abundant flowers , all of them scarlet in color , which swayed as a gentle breeze blew past them , and they had been patterned exquisitely and gracefully after the human hearta token of wholesome love in this case .
he tried to tip - toe out of them while muttering stunted apologies but seemed to be only making this worse as he trampled over more and more flowers .
with a gentle manner his parents blew on the petals of the flower , causing the white petals to fall over radfewx .
of course none of them had had a mother that insisted on teaching her sons the names of flowers .
magen plucked a tiny white flower from a crawling plant growing in the stonework , did you ever grow a plant when you were a kid ?
he removed himself from the room to mope upon his fate only to return seconds later , carrying a black flower as if it were a tube of nitro - glycerine .
she held her free arm high as if a beau was holding it aloft and dancing with her , and then she did a twirl , her dress fanning out in a pleated circle like a blossoming flower .
her artist friend looked like a character out of a seventies movie , with her faded jeans , smock with huge flowers , and hippie sandals .
they would also bring fresh flowers and poinsettias .
something with flowers and coconuts .
some of the more enthusiastic members had begun wandering around and handing out flowers , while conversing with complete strangers .
in her hand hung a yellow flower , crushed and wilted , that never stopped swinging like kelp in a current .
no batsu omhaals or groups of eleven or struggling to understand what her maite was thinking , just moon shovels in the sky and cherry blossoms between her toes .
temperance floated back to her mother , all the while humming her rhyme and swinging her yellow flower like a maestro bringing the opera round in fantastic swells of passion .
a clump of dandelions lay flattened just under his naked belly ; the flowers fought to spring back up .
she laughed , but gently , like the dancing smell of crushed lavender blossoms .
oddly shaped flowers lay all around her .
we found new flowers and look at them all .
even by other flowers .
she transferred her eyes carefully between the dandelion , the white - stemmed flower , ravno , the eye rope and the hairy yellow star .
a grey crow watched nervously from a low cherry blossom branch , preparing to take refuge to a higher perch if this human did anything more erratic .
temperance never let the flower of the day far from reacha marigold , pale orange with yellow edges and white puddles with black spots inside .
the black spots in the flower were like eyes that ra could switch with .
the vibrancy of all the flowers subsided with the gathering clouds .
the picture she liked best showed a green jungle with big flowers and red and yellow parrots flying in the blue sky .
* * * * poem after the bombers landed ( no losses sustained , heavy losses inflicted ) , the squadron leader , a poet as well , staggered out , still dazed by the giant flowers contemplated 800 meters below .
little hummingbirds flit from flower to flower , giving an occasional twitter .
i used to be big onto flower power and daisy chains , now days i would n't be seen dead wearing them , but i 'd be quite at home in this next outfit .
she ushers in the work wear ; smart suits and ties , trouser suits , little black numbers for seducing the boss , overalls and lastly some yellow cut - off jeans and a dark blue t - shirt with little white flowers stuck on it .
we decorate the house with cherry blossoms for lilly 's fifth birthday .
in his youthful spring of life , in the efflorescence and newly bloom and freshly blossom of his might and manliness , anthony loses out his imperial stall to this savage of a tyrant .
one of the nearby pillars on the second level balcony was tangled in a devilish vine that produced a nasty - looking flower with teeth .
as the other phone thousands of miles eastward buzzed away in my ear the four monomaniac walls about me with their reiterated large purple flowers fell away .
just as it was about to bloom , yellow - pink flowers with heavenly fragrance , sutters gold it was called , that terrible woman clipped it at the base saying she had no right to plant anything against their fence .
and saw her back from work standing in the doorway with daffodils , almost spectral , flowers and woman , a visitation from a less essential temporal plane .
she s starting to fade , the billowing gray flowers too , the gigantic black and hairy fly too and now emergence with hopeless grief .
he s already seen them pointing up , the violet - edged shoots , the stem bearing the sheathed flower and the slow revelation of bloom , pink , red , yellow like now , but another now because he d seen them past this stage , yawning wider and wider each day , then the fall of the petals totally baring the pistils .
very shopworn flowers .
when he has to point at the flowers , she says , oh lovely , just lovely .
a lush carpet of small , blue flowers mirrored the sky .
there are trees that sing the breeze in perfect choruses and fields of crowded sun worshipping flowers in a thousand colors .
he wanted to count them but , closer by , a field of wild flowers danced for him in scattered groups .
in a large square on the edge of the city , they dipped beneath cultured awnings and tents like butterflies into flowers .
he says , as if suddenly remembering , and a purple flower appears in his hand , sprouting out of thin air .
a good secret is worth keeping , he says , extending the flower toward echo .
a phosphorescent blue liquid pools around her , seeping from her insides , staining the yellow flowers of her ragged summer dress .
she s supposed to panic blossoms inside of her and she swallows .
it was white - washed with pretty pink flowers in handmade pine flower boxes .
no longer a region covered by an array of grasses , herbs , flowers and bushes and populated with the provider 's most diverse collection of creatures .
a mile out , tall wild flowers began to crop up .
once past the colossal tree , the valley flattened into a field of wild flowers and grass that spanned for miles on both sides of the narrow river .
giant fractals , chaotic and unaltered , spiked the fat limb , the large spaces in - between covered by moss , flower and forests of tall shrub , bush and vine .
the dunnabels house had an ivy - covered roof which bloomed cherry - red blossoms in spring .
in critias time , only birds and flowers even had vibrant colors while the rest of the whole world had reverted to its natural greens , browns , and grays .
what he saw now on this new building was the uprooting of healthy plants for the sake of decoration when local or newly grown flowers , ferns , or other fast - growing plant - life would suffice .
while cody drew his cityscapes , trisha busied herself drawing brightly coloured flowers with thick , green stems , stars , smiling suns and happy spiders with kodiak work boots .
even the wedding cake was covered in edible , hand - painted flowers they were delicious .
the brides wedding gown was stark white , her new sanction element , and her headdress was made of colorful flowers that the lab had made especially for her .
the red , rocky ground has little sections with grass sprouting out of it flowers , with delicate milky - white petals .
the bright array of flowers scattered between the lush green grasses are swaying in the afternoon breeze along a winding stream .
if you find that inhabitants on the other side are wearing white robes and carrying flowers return to this engine via the gate after saluting them and saying ommm !
we walked along a garden path bursting with flowers and trees .
perhaps it needs another season to blossom .
a hot orange flower bloomed below me .
underneath the bean pole were a number of blue flowers which looked rather like blue roses .
tanks were bedecked with flowers .
colorful wild flowers of all shapes and sizes grew in and around leal from the farthest fields to the doorsteps of their homes .
the serpent 's multicolored scales fell off as it twined around itself , and transformed into holographic cherry blossoms that drifted lazily about , disappearing halfway to the ground .
the ceiling over this area was grey and water - stained , only a transparent outline of the serpent and the blossoms was visible there .
` ` the blossoms are also well , and so is our grand friend , he pointed at the head of the serpent , weaving its intricate pattern against the ceiling .
` ` names , names , yes , well the blossoms will remember if i do n't . ''
` ` especially the blossoms , '' said theo .
` ` especially the blossoms , '' kate echoed , humoring the old man with a smile .
he does n't have time to explain the maneuver to junior so he references the movie the last starfighter ( a great movie if you ' ve never seen it ) and tells junior to execute a 2d version of the ` ` death blossom '' which junior proceeds to perform .
she was flying in a world far away where flowers were as big as houses and towns looked like forest shaped into dwellings by the songs of old lovers .
suddenly , she saw a lotus flower and she blinked .
those two , with the flowers .
the grass once spotted with white flowers was now gone , replaced by hard , black earth cracked and scorched from heat .
it almost looks like a flower , tom gasped .
even though a large portion of the tree had been cut away it still flourished sprouting gold and peach blossoms amid spring green foliage .
bright colored flowers hung around the room and trees grew up through the floor and towards the ceiling .
` ` mam told me not to go to the old sycona tree , the one with big purple flowers .
` ` the flowers were delicious , sweet and just a little crunchy .
to judge by the sparse sprinkling of lavender bell - shaped flowers , axis ' summer was drawing to a close .
it wove seamlessly with nightingales trilling greetings to one another in the apple tree , the velvety drone of sable and gold bees humming from flower to flower , and the whisper of the salted breeze sweeping in from the sea .
he plucked a small blue flower from a nearby bush and trailed the star - shaped bloom over maeve 's lips .
- dr . ellan markav , dean of outland studies time lay in its cradle quietly once upon a day long ago not the song of erris is heard yet voices carried on the wind faintly laughing spring winds come whispering to find that aes lays no longer in her high , heavenly bower but in a mortal wing 's embrace so loving [ chorus : ] two hundred eighty - eight days of light will be desired by a night if you would dare lay claim to the right to ask a gift of the white to every blossom , its season autumn caresses laid to rest the goddess to the sky returned yet from erris , she could not conceal her treason for when the petals fall from the tree the wanton branches swell with fruit carried she within her a new life to the halls of the all - singer with a plea [ chorus ] erris , the first god , burned with anger that his bride had strayed from him for the innocent she carried the rage that tore worlds asunder did waver for the life of her child , aes pleaded for the love in his divine heart erris agreed with his lady but his realm never with mortal blood seeded [ chorus ] in the fullest turning of a year to aes was born a baby boy with hair black as a the deepest night cavain , she called the child , in her eye a tear by the decree of the all - singer cavain descended from the sky to the ring of wild worlds below laden with naught but his long wings and his spear [ chorus ] for his divine blood , cavain was blessed for his mortal blood , cursed to die in the turning of the ages for his numbered year , cavain dared not to rest wings , feet and gates carried him between the worlds that danced around bright aes found other winged sky - dancers sea - eyed nyads , dryads in the forests clean [ chorus ] cavain 's wandering found worlds too wild overgrown and torn by the tides all lives lived in fear of the flame only ashes left behind the fae of fire to his side , cavain called the wild herd to learn the order of the gods to raise great cities of crystal but the pyran would not heed his kindest word [ chorus ] followers of the flame called for war every city reduced to ash cavain raised his banner to them to fight back the flame for all of time , he swore before his spear , the fiery fae fell destructive blazes laid to rest never again to raise a flame cavain 's kingdom ever under peaceful spell [ chorus ] in honor of cavain 's divine call of aes the cloud - veiled sky - dancer white kingdom was named the new land to cavain was given lordship over all seasons turn , as seasons often do the night has passed beyond our sight but to his royal lineage the races of fae still pay their given due for without the gifts of cavain 's line to stream and spire and hill and sky devouring fire would consume all so sing to the raven - manes and i sing mine [ chorus ] [ chorus ] more books by erica lindquist & aron christensen : the reforged trilogy : anvil of tears sword of dreams hammer of time forged : 4 reforged short stories in the house of five dragons fireflies ( a short story collection ) the dead beat ( a short story serial ) volumes 1 - 3 whisperworld hangman 's cross ( forthcoming ) the burning noose ( forthcoming ) my guide to rpg storytelling ( nonfiction ) my storytelling guide companion ( nonfiction ) by aron christensen dbs publishing llc copyright 2015 by dbs publishing llc smashwords edition exiled- the beginning chapter 1 brooke watched the ceiling fan blades circle above her .
i brushed aside a thick vine , laden with deep red flowers .
large red and purple flowers lined the ground , and a coating of dew glistened on the greenish - yellow grass .
rays of sun glinted off of fresh drops of dew , and various flowers were in the process of opening their petals to the sun .
beneath the flower , there were three dimroos .
the soldiers of his primary company , without weapons , followed , bearing flowers and treats from the iberian islands they raided .
only then can ghattaffan blossom . ''
he cupped flowers in his hand and looked into the sky as the first few stars appeared in the deep dusk blue expanse .
flowers blossomed , leaves unfurled and the tree grew evermore .
jo and i would also like to send flowers .
randalls nose blossomed into a red flower .
her first fear was that the flowers were from baldur , and then it occurred to her that it would be even worse if they were a make - up gift from siarnaq .
before the day was out every guy in the office walked by and made some snide remark about the flowers and unwelcome guesses about the identity , and particularly the intentions , of their sender .
out came the story of the showy white flowers .
so who did send the flowers ?
i get why it was embarrassing , but guys generally do send flowers because they want to be liked , you know .
it is useful to know that women can be bought for the price of flowers .
the man had apparently made the wise choice to take credit for the flowers the first time around .
according to hulda , he sent her flowers on mikkels behalf .
and he heard all about how i do nt particularly like flowers when that last bunch showed up at my office .
the beautiful garden had a large hedge of stone surrounded by fragrant pink and yellow flowers , thick grass that felt like carpet beneath the feet , and two groves of trees that were separated by a babbling brook .
as before , the central shrine seems to grow from a pool like an opening lotus flower .
waiting for the sun to return their warmth again then they grow leaves , branches , flowers and seed .
buried in his back yard under his camellia , the hybrid one with the cool big blossoms that did n't burn brown in the spring .
` ` flowers , '' fred murmured .
` ` little spring flowers , then , '' he said .
` ` i can dig it - little spring flowers , with yellow in them .
he bent down and saw growing near the ground a small flower , blue .
such lovely little blue flowers .
he asked himself as he looked around , at the pictures on the walls , the textures of fabrics , and the many , many planter boxes and pots , out of which multicolored blossoms dazzled the eye .
sheerin peered somberly at the changing landscape , the curious angular scaly - barked trees , the bushes with flowers of odd metallic hues , the peculiarly high and narrow houses with pointed eaves .
when he raced outside , it was to see the blazing poppy unfolding in the sky , a blossom of fire and metal falling slowly to the surface of the newly christened planet .
it is a rare beauty and , if i had my way , there should not be a leaf moved out of place , nor a flower , nor a rabbit , anywhere in all these hundreds of square kilometers . '
he had skimmed low to take a photochrome of a field of huge flowers dripping with scarlet .
in the high ultra - violet radiation of lagrange i , exposure times were of necessity extremely short , and despite the motion of the coaster , each blossom stood out as a sharp blotch of strident color .
its huge scarlet flowers attracted insect - like creatures that built small nests within it .
then ( at what signal or what impulse fawkes had not divined ) all the flowers on some one given tree would grow a glistening white pistil over night .
by the next day , the flower had been fertilized and the petals closed shut - about pistil , insects , and all .
what fawkes knew from experience was that the blossoms would break if pulled , that the stems would bend only with difficulty and break not at all .
it was in bloom , the white and cream flowers lifted turgidly upward , waiting to catch the rain that would soon fall .
there was a sharp tinkle of a breaking flower and cream slivers twisted and turned downward .
grains and fruit trees came first ; shrubs , flowers and grass afterward .
` ` at the same time as this mad , paranoid arms race , just as this frankenstein complex was in full flower , society was making its first steps toward the concept of modem automation , and the transition was not a pleasant one .
it is a rare beauty and , if i have my way , there should not be a leaf moved out of place , nor a flower , nor a rabbit , anywhere in all these hundreds of square kilometers . ''
it was as if santanni - and the arcadia vii - had simply broken off from the empire , like a petal from a flower .
then he approached again , in no hurry whatsoever , plucking off leaves and thorns from the flower one by one .
and it had flowers .
a hummingbird the size of a silver dollar darted down and tucked its beak into a particularly bright flower , and then vanished again .
` ` what kinds of flowers are these ? ''
her shirt , white with yellow flowers and a big cartoon bumblebee on it , showed stains of dirt and worse .
they buzzed past him , sensed identifiers and went away about their business with blossoms .
odrade put a hand on his shoulder and held him where they could admire black stepping - stones in a meander track through massed greenery and tiny flowers .
there are people you meet , people who are like beautiful flowers extended to you by an innocent child .
a field advisor had dredged up the ancient term ` ` indian summer '' for a report illustrated by projections of an orchard in full blossom being assaulted by snow .
` ` dar came here once with a sprig of apple blossoms , but my projection showed harvest time . ''
dusting of pollen by eager insects , fruiting and seeding that followed the flower .
an enclosing hedge of exotic purple - leaved shrubs was in red flower - giant blossoms with delicate stamens of deep yellow .
an enclosing hedge of exotic purple - leaved shrubs was in red flower - giant blossoms with delicate stamens of deep yellow .
the odious concoction had about it an underlying hint of exotic flowers .
she felt earth , trees , and flowers , every growing thing as though all were part of her .
and flower .
it was a summer morning around her , flowers blooming , birds calling from nearby trees .
all was dusk down there , but he knew its shapes and colors : blossoms of copper , gold , red , yellow , rust , and russet spread right out to the rock markers which outlined the extent of the qanat - watered plantings .
where have all the flowers come from ?
copper , gold , red flowers , yellow flowers , rust and russet , grey - green leaves , spikes and harsh shadows beneath bushes .
copper , gold , red flowers , yellow flowers , rust and russet , grey - green leaves , spikes and harsh shadows beneath bushes .
behold our desert which could rejoice and blossom ; it has lured the stranger and seduced him in our midst .
the fields on both sides of us had turned brown from the sun and lack of water , but around the clusters of live oak trees , mixed in with the granite boulders , we saw grass and wild flowers .
( amy particularly liked this ; as each day progressed , she would ask ross when she would ` ` open metal flower . '' )
and it was oddly monotonous : although he saw every shade of green in the foliage and the clinging creeper vines , there were few flowers or blooms .
their many arms are adorned with shells and sea flowers , and intricate designs that might be tattoos .
then , and the horrible part was that he knew he was not yet fully delirious , he was back in his office and his secretary had just rushed in with a sheaf of papers like a flower in her pink - nailed hand and she was talking and talking and talking , excitedly , and he was answering and nodding , shaking his head and gesturing , pushing hold buttons on his telephones , stroking his nose , tugging his earlobe , and talking and not hearing or understanding a word that either of them was saying , not even hearing the ringing of the telephones , under whose buttons the little lights kept winking on and off , and there was a sense of urgency and a strange feeling of separation , removal , futility , while dolly reiber -- that was her name -- talked until suddenly he noted , quite academically , that she had the head of a dog and was beginning to howl ( this he was able to hear , though faintly ) , and he smiled and reached out to stroke her muzzle and she became alice - at - his - bedside .
he stood a moment , in a daze , enjoying the fragrance of the orange blossoms .
giant butterflies fluttered among trees and flowers .
the sunset rain was drifting along its longitudinal mark on terra , spattering a shallow sea , dewing the grasslands , filling the cups of flowers .
and he remembered how he would come home , exhausted from the long flight , and the first thing he would see when he got to his apartment was that damned stainedglass flower on the door .
and meredith , in those days , was partial to white stockings , a white garter belt , little white flowers on the snaps with ` ` tom ? ''
in his mind , sanders saw the stained - glass flower , in bright orange and purple and yellow .
the air smelled of harsh blossoms ; this was the desert , and there was no rain .
yes , the color glowed , a circle in the midst of the black humus , the pulpy , spirited flower very low , almost buried in the rotting leaves .
he walked on ahead of her , now , peering to see , concentrating on the ridge ahead with its trees and flowers .
it was said this atreides came to change our world and our universe , that he was the man to make the golden flower blossom in the night . ''
she had to admit , everything was irreproachable - the flowers , the offerings , the praying korathi priests .
she began talking about her favorite flowers again , and the monologue soon degenerated into a discourse on how much she hated fjordell cooking .
the early - blooming flower beds were cleverly lit with torchlight , lanterns , and even candles .
most impressive were the crosswood trees , whose branches - leafed with pink and white blossoms - were lit from behind by lanterns running up the trunks .
he held up a bright yellow flower to sarene .
the sun winks in and out as the shimmering kites sway above her , translucent so that they glow like a burning pink flower for the instant they occult the sun .
she stared down at the plush carpet under the desk , with its weave of huge brown and red flowers .
siona leaned over the table and read : ` ` a strand of ghanima 's hair with a starflower blossom which she once brought me . ''
trees around them were in bloom , white flowers with orange centers where dark brown insects worked .
the air was full of insect buzzing and a floral scent which reminded idaho of jungle flowers from caladan .
children were pressing forward around the delegation , extending clumps of garish red flowers in their grimy hands .
nayla accepted a bunch of flowers from one of the children , sniffed them and sneezed .
let the nightingale keep to her flowers . ''
the flowers bore large blossoms - red on the outside but , when they unfolded , white in the center .
the flowers bore large blossoms - red on the outside but , when they unfolded , white in the center .
the old man 's uncovered gray hair was a kind of blossom waving among the floral white and jeweled buds .
she was content to live , an opening person like a flower perpetually unfolding into fragrant blossom .
she was content to live , an opening person like a flower perpetually unfolding into fragrant blossom .
teg had been only seven at the time , but the events lay indelibly in his memory : the dining room on lernaeus colorful with freshly cut flowers , the low light of the yellow sun diffused by antique shades .
there was a distinct floral aroma built into the system but teg could not identify the flower .
so odrade had waited in the dar - es - balat courtyard , green - shadowed in the depths where she stood looking upward at the sunline six stories overhead - past lacy balustrades at each balconied level : green plants , brilliant red , orange , and blue flowers , a rectangle of silvery sky above the tiers .
it was like a blossom opening in his awareness .
a warm breeze perfumed by spring blossoms from the apple orchards wafted into the room .
your thoughts are darting around like an insect among the blossoms .
bushes heavy with red flowers almost concealed the stone wall that defined the garden .
- sign over arrakeen landing field ( historical records : dar - es - balat ) taraza watched a snow - flutter of falling blossoms against the silvery sky of a rakian morning .
the fragrance of flowers and herbs wafted to teg from somewhere down this alley .
they entered a clearing of low grass , dotted with wild flowers .
the scent of the myriad of fresh flowers draping from elaborate bronze vases hung in his nostrils .
he even saw something that looked like an orange flower in the distance .
about a hundred feet away , the wreckage of the berg lay cradled between two giant oaks almost as if it had grown there like some sort of giant metal flower .
a long hallway , a tiled floor , beige walls with framed pictures of nature - waves crashing on a beach , a hummingbird hovering beside a red flower , rain and mist clouding a forest .
but someone slammed a sledgehammer into the windshield from above and a huge spiderweb blossomed like a white flower in the glass .
grass , trees , flowers , bushes .
his grandfather was standing coatless in a blizzard that was not late snow but early apple blossoms in a high warm wind ; grandpa was wearing his biballs with a collared shirt beneath , a shirt that looked as if it had once been green but was now faded to a noaccount olive by dozens or hundreds of washings , and beneath the collared shirt was the round of a cotton undershirt ( the kind with the straps , of course ; in those days they made the other kind , but a man like grandpa would be a strap - undershirt man to the end ) , and this shirt was clean but the color of old ivory instead of its original white because gramma 's motto , often spoken and stitched into a living - room sampler as well ( presumably for those rare times when the woman herself was not there to dispense what wisdom needed dispensing ) , was this : use it , use it , and do n't , for heaven 's sake , ever dare to lose it !
there were apple blossoms caught in grandpa 's long hair , still only half white , and the boy thought the old man was beautiful in the trees .
apple blossoms blowing in the old man 's hair .
maybe he only argued this boy 's case so he and grandpa would n't have to go back yet , so he could watch grandpa 's steel hair blow back in the blizzard of blossoms , so he could admire that transient jewel caught in the hollow at the base of the old man 's throat .
then , as he had this thought , an apple blossom went skating across the crystal and was gone .
after the blossom , it was true .
the apple blossoms blowing through the air would be turned into something like bits of char floating up from the incinerator in their backyard when his father burned the week 's worth of newspapers on late sunday afternoons .
` ` but the blossoms 'll be gone tomorrow if the wind keeps up its head , and damn if it do n't look like it 's gon na .
jasmine tricks butterflies into landing on it , so they carry pollen from one flower to another .
the look charity turned on me could have withered the life from small animals and turned potted flowers black .
i could smell winter mint and something lush and corrupt , like rotted flowers , on her breath .
ice covered the parapet , somehow formed into ghostly trees and flowers .
the heaving ground and the sonic sledgehammer tossed me into a bank of ice - sculpted rose vines with thorns three times as long as their flowers .
the longing wo n't go away until the colors come roaring through me , and my mind blossoms to ten times its size .
two red signatures blossom on his handheld , dead ahead .
the wall behind me is soft with yellow blossoms .
exotic flowers , capped with delicate white petals , framing a pale yellow center , stand nearly two meters tall .
she leads us to a lift , but i ' m still watching the flowers over my shoulder .
after i reply with a controlled wa , i step out of the interview room , grateful to leave the sticky heat and the cloying smell of hothouse blossoms .
a wound blossoms on its chest , a dark stain of burning flesh .
a manicured lawn abuts an alabaster wall , wreathed in scarlet and fuchsia blossoms .
a tree with purple flowers grows beside the villa , casting twilight shadows on the balcony where i once stood , the scent of peaches wafting on a warm wind .
flame - hued flowers bloomed in profusion on the ivory walls , and children ran ahead of their parents to splash in the fountains ; unlike most cities , they did n't mind such behavior here .
the plants are new , too ; these bear lightly scented blossoms with delicate crimson petals .
it breaks your heart to watch them roughhouse just because they can , throwing punches like flowers , joyous laughter ringing out .
the coating of flowering plants seemed to devour the body of the gorilla from around the mortal body beneath - that of a muscular young man , which gradually emerged , though was still modestly shrouded in a veil of flowers .
intrigue made her blossom like a rockbud in calm wet air .
the stand displayed an indoor vine - bud , one bred to remain open ; a few conelike flowers climbed up from its vestigial shell .
bunches of fingermoss sprouted like flowers amid the green .
he looked through an interlacing of broad green leaves and brilliant purple flowers ( a tiny green worm was journeying into the heart of one ) , and as he looked , the name of the movie came to him and his skin broke out in gooseflesh from the nape of his neck all the way down to his feet .
` ` we buried pimsy under the apple tree , where he could watch the blossoms fall in the spring , '' her voice said .
the tip touched down as delicately as the beak of a hummingbird dipping into a flower .
black stars blossom and dance in front of my eyes .
their bare feet were cushioned by the fleshy blossoms of a thousand kinds of flower ... a dasher shriek from somewhere below jerked him out of his dream .
their bare feet were cushioned by the fleshy blossoms of a thousand kinds of flower ... a dasher shriek from somewhere below jerked him out of his dream .
he knew there was no field without bugs , nowhere on pandora to stroll barefoot through blossoms .
without skin she expected not to feel , and without the rest she imagined she 'd sniffed her last blossom , tasted her last bootleg chocolate .
nevi saw the seed of hope in zentz 's eyes , a seed that nevi would nourish to a rich blossom and snip , when necessary , to make just the right bouquet for the director .
he saw nothing but light overhead where it fanned out from the surface , and the bubbles from his mouth where they joined it like a blossom to its stem .
he felt the dry blossom of his mind unfold as it drank , petal by intricate petal , and behind it the shadow that was rico lapush rippled back and forth .
most of the blossoms were in the lavender range , though she could n't resist showing off a half - dozen of her delicate pinks .
` ` well , this type of flower did n't have a scent until just a year ago .
` ` flowers ! ''
they clung to the rock clefts deep in the cavern , their blossoms a pastel cascade .
the strong sea - smell of the beach had been replaced with the scent of thousands of blossoms , but there were no blossoms in sight .
the strong sea - smell of the beach had been replaced with the scent of thousands of blossoms , but there were no blossoms in sight .
her grandfather was there , hoisting a glass of blossom wine , and all of her family joined him in a toast .
her wounded stubs sniffed the blossoms thick in the green foliage .
` ` open the leave ... '' ... and the blossoms , ope ... '' kaleb was no longer visible inside the light .
rain - jeweled flowers often held mckie 's attention to the exclusion of all else .
there was a single planting of lilium grossa , its red blossoms twice his height casting long shadows over a wriggling carpet of blue syringa , each miniature bloom opening and closing at random like tiny mouths gasping for air .
green ( blossoms ? )
he could not hear the battle , but explosive orange blossoms told him the fighting continued .
there was a flame red blossom at her left ear .
big black spots of nothing began to explode in front of his eyes like evil flowers .
a blossom slightly out of position .
there were fresh flowers on the table beside the liquor .
there was a pattern of cherry blossoms embroidered across the silk .
blue flowers were rare - one might take a name from that .
` ` upside - down flower ? ''
this ship was going to the flowers .
the flowers here are so lifeless and boring .
atom to atom to molecule ; molecule to chain and chain winding around and around the magnificence of light ; then cell to cell , and cell to blastula , cilia to tentacle , and from stillness blossoms the motion of life .
producing flowers for pandora .
dead flowers .
it was thick with vegetation and the perfumes of countless blossoms .
they opened like flower petals expanding to reveal the gondola in their midst - orange petals and the glistening gondola .
with gentle sureness , tendrils lowered him into the flower , into the gondola 's hatch .
he knew he was there with waela and thomas , yet still saw the flower as its petals closed .
the colors were blossoms - red , magenta , draping cascades of golden yellow .
` ` we find the flowers quite pleasant . ''
there was a scream from murdoch and she saw his ear skid like a fragile blossom across the red - smeared deck .
the solitary blossom overpowers the bouquet .
something more important was indicated on the screen : a slow blossom of red - orange which had not revealed itself there before .
` ` no , '' he whispered , and the word spun a little blossom of fog on the window in front of his lips .
in medieval times , people carried flowers , like posies , with them for protection against disease .
the surface camera tracked it - showing an orange blossom floating in a blue bowl of sky .
an unconscious thing , borne for years , it had unfolded in keel like an evil flower , showing a part of himself he had never suspected .
it was like a thick stem to the great flower of sky , a blue flower edged in pink .
it was like a thick stem to the great flower of sky , a blue flower edged in pink .
the interrupted horizon became two bright flowers and neither man could take his gaze off the launch tower .
the paddles struck the water with splashes that burst like blossoms against the black hull of an inflatable raft .
like a blossom following the slow arc of sunlight across the sky , the kelp followed all of the incoming mermen .
he sees mary 's head snap back and then forward , like the head of a flower on a long stalk pushed back and forth by a high wind .
she sees ralphie carver 's red wagon - buster - rise into the air with one side blown into a twisted metal flower .
some of it 's the scent of the flowers , and some is the sound of the bees , i suppose - a steady , sleepy drone .
there were flowers in the vases , and on the wall next to the door was a button discreetly marked service .
they rush to the window and it is a parade - a uniformed band marching in lock - step with the sun blazing off their horns , pretty majo - rettes twirling batons and strutting their long , tanned legs , convertibles decked with flowers and filled with waving celebrities .
toward the end of the day , eddie had found a bright yellow flower beside the road and had picked it for her .
the dwarf 's cheeks and brow were covered with the oozing , discol - ored patches roland called whore 's blossoms .
and feel free to bite all you want while i do it , for what i have runs in the blood and you 'll see the first blossoms on yer own face before the week 's out - if yer lives that long .
he liked to pause on the marble steps and look up at the doric capitals , wreathed as they were by those drowsy fragrant blossoms .
it was all exactly the same , the thorny bougainvillea in full bloom over the porches , the overgrown garden swarming with tiny white winged butterflies , the lantana with its little orange blossoms pushing through the black iron fence .
he too had risen out of his body , yes , and it was no dream , yes , but he had not seen a beautiful light ; he had not been met by dead loved ones ; and there had been no unearthly paradise to which he was admitted , full of flowers and beautiful colors .
ah , the quiet pain of those leisurely rides , of wanting so much and understanding so little he caught the crepe myrtle blossoms now and then with his fingers through the open streetcar window .
sometimes he dreamed of it - a warm glowing paradise where he found himself walking among splendid palaces , surrounded by ever - blooming flowers , and shimmering green leaves .
there were flowers strewn all over the ground - big gladiolus and white lilies and long fronds of green fern and even big beautifully formed red roses .
secret place , deirdre said , full of the loveliest flowers .
mr lonigan stared at the flowers .
he was staring at the flowers again .
' well , it 's miss carl who orders the flowers , is n't it ? '
even in the gloom he could see the purple blossoms .
camellia blossoms , bruised and falling on the soft earth .
to her daughter - in - law 's private apartments she went , and found in the cabinets not only her countless unguents and oils and potions for the curing of the ill and for poisoning , but also a strange doll carved crudely of wood with a head made of bone , and eyes and mouth drawn upon it , and black hair fixed to it , and tiny flowers in its hair made from silk .
all that i had seen in the streets of port - au - prince had prepared me for a splendid equipage , yet this surpassed my imaginings , being an exquisite glass carriage with footman , coachmen , and two armed guards on horseback , all of them black africans , in full livery with powdered wigs and satin clothes the journey into the hills was most pleasant , the sky overhead stacked with high white clouds and the hills themselves covered with beautiful woodland and fine colonial dwellings , many surrounded by flowers , and the banana trees which grow here in abundance i do not think you can imagine the lushness of this landscape , for the tenderest hot house blooms grow here in wild profusion all year round .
and so do giant red flowers upon slender stems which grow as high as trees no less enchanting were the sudden glimpses of the distant blue sea .
beyond lay the flowers glimmering in the darkness , and the massive trees before the house .
everywhere i looked , i thought i beheld a face and figure , only to discover that it was a trick of the darkness - the banana trees shifting in the breeze , or those giant red flowers drowsing on their weak stems as they hung over the fences bordering the road .
there were fresh flowers by the window .
' i was about to make my way out of all this when my eyes fastened on the dancers before the front windows , and i soon realized i was gazing directly at stella far more dramatic than any picture of her could possibly be she was clad in gold silk a skimpy little dress , no more than a remnant of a chemise layered with fringe , it seemed , and barely covering her shapely knees tiny gold sequins covered her gossamer stockings , and indeed the dress itself , and there was a gold satin band of yellow flowers in her short wavy black hair around her wrists were delicate glittering gold bracelets , and at her throat the mayfair emerald , looking quite absurdly old - fashioned , yet stunning in its old filigree , as it rested against her naked flesh .
florists were to be informed that the ' preferred flower ' was the calla or some other white lily , and only candles would be used to light the main floor .
her room was full of flowers .
oh , and look at these flowers !
she did not know the names of some of these flowers .
ellie used to say the flowers in california had no scent .
she saw the flowers clustered about the raised lid , a whole jungle of flowers , and far to the right at the foot of the coffin a white - haired man she knew .
banks of flowers on either side of the velvet prie - dieu .
and rowan too looked at it , her eyes once again dazzled by the flowers and the faces surrounding her , as in a hushed and respectful voice young pierce explained to her that though there were only twelve slots , numerous mayfairs had been buried in these graves , as the stones on the front revealed .
it drew him away from worrying about rowan ; it drew him away from worrying about the man ; and he was just sliding back into the past , drifting by the old ivy - covered walls , and the young crepe myrtles growing thin and weedy and full of big floppy blossoms .
they found thin fine - spun goblets and thick - bottomed tumblers etched with flowers - sherry glasses , glasses for brandy , for champagne , for white wine and red wine , and shot glasses , and dessert glasses , and decanters to go with them , with glass stoppers , and crystal cut - glass pitchers , and pretty dishes again , stacks of them , glimmering in the light .
' i love these purple blossoms - how i used to love to touch them when i went walking , to see the petals shiver . '
' yes , all these rooms have fireplaces , ' he said absently , his eyes on the fluorescent purple blossoms of the bougainvillea .
thousands of flowers .
he lifted one of these nightgowns - a thin sleeveless thing sewn with pale pastel flowers .
how large and floppy these flowers looked .
entrancing the way the high thin branches , full of pink blossoms , succumbed to the dance , and the entire tree thrashed against the gray wall of the neighboring house , and sent down a shower of dappled , fluttering leaves .
the big drowsy white ginger lilies leaned over close to her face , and a dull crackling sound slowly drew her eye to the depths of the garden patch , to a dark tangle from which a vagrant purple iris sprang , savage and shivering , a hideous mouth of a flower , its stem snapping back now as though a cat darting through the brush had bent it down carelessly .
was the flower actually growing ?
and as if to answer the great crepe myrtles caught the breeze , dancing , their light pink blossoms moving gracefully against the blue sky .
there was a lovely flower there , a white flower that looked like a familiar lily , yet somehow different .
there was a lovely flower there , a white flower that looked like a familiar lily , yet somehow different .
she reached out , took the flower carefully from the water and studied it .
the bouquet of white flowers in her hand , aaron 's soft radiant smile as he looked at her , and her own feeling of being beautiful the way brides must always be beautiful ?
i saw brilliant colors and smelled flowers and saw birds .
' ah , but you did it with dead flowers only . '
ice dripping from the frozen withered bougainvillea , as they went past , all its blossoms dead .
he could see the leaves and blossoms on the trees below them .
` ` let 's stroll around looking at the cherry blossoms .
the trees , heavy with blossoms , lined the tidal basin in a great semicircle .
the world is beautiful and i am beautiful and the cherry blossoms are beautiful .
reaching , she broke off a sprig of cherry blossoms ; she extended it to him , and , reflexively , he accepted it .
and above the mantel hung a patterned tapestry of swans flying on a field of lacy red and gold flowers .
in the center of the rear bench was a tiny figure in white silk embroidered with red flowers .
` ` on saturday i catch the desert blossom to arizona .
twisting orange - red petals of fire hung above it in the air , a flower that was still opening , an american disaster rose .
' that one was never going to be miss apple blossom . '
horace marked the few remaining blossoms for later attention , then backed up until the envelope was in front of him .
the slugs tore it open in metal hooks and flowers .
red flowers began to open in the darkness behind his eyes .
the children waited patiently until siri reached into her apron and pulled out a couple of brightly colored flowers .
three of the flowers were blue , one yellow .
the girl who had tugged siri 's skirt finally took the flowers in one hand and dashed away with them , the other children following behind .
siri smiled , then pulled out another of the bright yellow flowers , spinning it between two fingers .
it was a pastoral painting of the jungle , with drooping palms and colorful flowers .
became enough of a hero to the people in the outer flower plantations that he actually drew the attention of the court of gods . ''
he stood quietly for a moment , enjoying the blossoms .
palms and ferns grew on every street , and exotic flowers bloomed everywhere year - round .
wide - petaled flowers bloomed in planters ; some of them were actually tears of edgli .
no wonder they like to live so close together , she thought , noticing how a group of flowers scaled in color , fanning toward the inside of their planter .
yet , here no flowers or trees broke the landscape , nor did people bustle about .
some scholars say that the manywar was fought over these flower petals , that the kingdoms of kuth and huth were destroyed by little drips of color . ''
she stopped beside a large tree with thin , blossom - laden branches that drooped toward the ground .
` ` who 'll pay for the flowers ? ''
- later writings of bildoon iv mckie , on the honeymoon planet of tutalsee , took an hour to complete his divorce , then returned to the float - home they had moored beside an island of love flowers .
she got a quick but clear image of a woman 's head being ripped from her neck like a flower from its stalk ; she saw the head flying backward along the length of the barony coach , perhaps bouncing once , and then disappearing into the dark , eyes staring and hair rippling .
it was the image of jake striking flint and steel that kept recurring ; he would allow his mind to dwell on it for a second or two , like a bee alighting on some sweet flower , and then he would take off again .
but when he moved toward her ( as thoughtlessly as a flower turning its face to follow the sun ) , wishing to repeat the experience , she pushed him back a step , gently but firmly .
the kiss , which was chaste and close - mouthed to begin with , bloomed like a flower : became open and slow and humid .
in green heart an army of women began once more to bedeck with flowers the podium where jamie mccann and susan delgado would he acclaimed this year 's reaping lad and girl .
rimer with his ambitions , cordelia delgado with her ghastly visions of the two of them in some bosky dell , him likely reciting poetry while she wove a garland of flowers for his brow .
one instant , i was running through an upside - down forest with odd - looking giant flowers instead of trees , and the next i was sprawled flat on my back in a great amount of pain .
never have i seen so many kinds of flowers in one place .
i fussed with the flowers .
i think they marveled at the flowers .
almost all the green leaves were gone from them now , and their branches were laden with blue blossoms , and the petals carpeted the sidewalks and the tarmac below .
when i turned around and looked at him , he was as vivid and solid as the jacarandas and their tumbling blue blossoms .
i wondered what it was like for a tree to lose its blossoms to the wind , when its blossoms were all that it had .
i wondered what it was like for a tree to lose its blossoms to the wind , when its blossoms were all that it had .
yet gigantic funerals followed , filled with cousins and flowers , and people crying because that generation , the generation of the great families , was passing from america .
she had a glorious voice , and in the production at jesuit , she had seemed a natural star , loving the stage , and graciously but confidently accepting applause and flowers and compliments .
the fields grew vague and large and a golden emptiness enveloped the world and i felt love embracing me , holding me , as if i were being cradled by it , and the flowers shifted and turned into masses of colors i could n't describe .
he looked to me rather like a perfect human being , his wondering eyes drifting over the flowers and the high palms against the sky as if he was savoring everything .
it was another cool crisp blue california day , and all the flowers of the inn seemed to be at their most beautiful , and the birds were singing softly in the trees .
i could see orange trees and lemon trees , and purple flowers and waxen white blooms .
i knew the purple flowers that covered this tree .
and i knew the tiny black seeds that were left when the flowers dropped , as some of them had already done into the moist earth of the pot .
he looked at the purple blossoms .
i only remember seeing it there , and i remember its blossoms and how very fragrant and beautiful they are .
i should think a dye could be made from such purple blossoms . ''
it 's the black seed of a purple flower . ''
` ` a world traveler , a student of natural things , of plants and obscure flowers and even of poisons so as to find some cure for them . ''
i remember its unmistakable purple flowers . ''
` ` a beautiful blossom for a garden of beautiful blossoms .
` ` a beautiful blossom for a garden of beautiful blossoms .
vitale stared at the purple flowers in horror .
he rushed at the tree of purple flowers and grabbed at the black seeds in the mud of the pot .
high above us were great painted wooden arches garlanded with flowers , and supporting an endless canopy of shimmering silver cloth .
their arms and legs were bare , and they wore gilded sandals , and garlands of leaves and blossoms in their hair .
he pointed to a slender blond woman who was just passing us in the company of several older persons , a vision with her yellow hair done up in white flowers and brilliant jewels .
my apartment was as i 'd left it , with the doors wide open to the patio , and the jacaranda blossoms still littered the quiet street below .
just about every lethal cocktail i 'd ever devised had been from over - the - counter drugs or flowers and herbs available everywhere .
they sat in embarrassed silence , watching the raindrops bruise the first flowers .
well , i ' m a keen rose grower , but my prizewinning molly mcguire lost a couple of blossoms yesterday in a rain of what were apparently fish .
and , the cherry blossom tumbles from the highest tree .
first portia would water a plant , directing the flow of the water toward the soil at the base of the plant , avoiding the leaves and the blossoms .
jackie works in blossoms , a nightclub in west hollywood .
jackie is ambushed in the small hours of the morning , after work , in the back of the blossoms parking lot .
when jackie gets out of the hospital , vision in one eye only , face and chest a single huge purple - green bruise , there is a message , sent with an enormous bunch of exotic flowers , to say that jackie 's job is still open .
he sweeps up the lust and the love and the lovers , the sages who are not butterflies , the flowers of meat , the running of the deer and the sinking of the lusitania .
on the other was a representation of a white blossom .
when he came through the trees and out on the other side , the field was there as it should be , and it was full of bright blue and yellow flowers .
she walked up to the coffin , surrounded by an embarrassment of flowers .
jack picked up a stick and strode back and forth along the flower beds , lashing at the heads of the taller blossoms .
its flowers turned their heads toward him flirtatiously and opened their blossoms to his gaze .
after something like nine or ten minutes , the yogi turned his head to one side and , speaking either to the flowers or the splashing fountain , ordered sweet tea and honey cakes .
but i was made to be married , and in my mind i already had the church decorated , the flowers arranged artfully on the tables .
i continued to the edge of the woods and waited behind the house in a stand of camellias with exploding red blossoms .
it was bounded by barbed - wire fences and clumps of cactus thick with blossoms the color of lemon cream .
` ` you have no manners anyway , '' she said , ` ` and there is no sense your trying to put out sakura blossoms , when you are a bamboo . ''
several days later a vase of assorted flowers had been delivered to the hospital ward .
some type of flower , definitely .
each was shaped like a flower , with three large , heart - shaped petals and a ring of red in the middle .
a flower of orange and red , blooming at the top of the water , expanding , receding , like a time - lapse photo .
they stroll a golden path together through the garden in the courtyard , enfolded in birdsong and blossoms .
he brushed past a low mass of foliage with petite blue flowers .
then like the petals of a flower , six sections of the roof peeled fully open .
she held out a loose wreath of blue flowers woven with yellow parrot feathers .
off in the distance , silent explosions bloomed in fiery flowers .
` ` you 're good at this , '' karen said as jack swung the canoe smoothly under a bridge of vines and lilting white flowers .
soon karen found herself drifting down a narrow canal , the walls festooned with tiny pink and blue blossoms , scented not unlike honeysuckles .
a few days back , nate had shown her an orchid whose flower was shaped like the reproductive parts of a certain species of wasp .
massive flowers , as large as pumpkins , grew from vines and scented the air thickly .
his black hair was braided with bits of leaf and flower in it , adding to the natural camouflage .
personal touches abounded : bits of pottery and wooden utensils , decorations done in feathers and flowers , abandoned hammocks , tiny carved animal figurines .
nate had seen other amazonian plants demonstrate a response to stimulation : leaves curling if touched , puff pods exploding if brushed , flowers closing if disturbed .
storm - swept leaves and crinkled blossoms formed a jackson pollock painting across her overgrown lawn , along with a few broken tiles blown from the roof .
the smells of the forest filled his head : moldy leaf rot , wet sand , some spicy - scented flower .
the walls had been painted in a riotous garden of flowers and trees set among trickling waterways and azure pools .
reed roofs sheltered carts and booths , laden with bolts of silk and kashmiri cotton , bushels of pomegranates and pistachio nuts , iced bins of crab and whitefish , barrels of pickles and coffee beans , swaths of fresh - cut flowers , flats of breads , slabs of dried meats .
candles , carved into delicate flowers and afloat in silver basins , flickered atop the table , while others tapered out of elaborate candelabras .
tall baobab trees cast a thick canopy , while massive tamarinds , heavy with yellow flowers , towered like sentinels .
firelight danced across the roof overhead , limning the drapes of vines and flowers .
through the infrared , she saw the spray of fire blossom outward .
a crack in the cliff appeared , half hidden by a tilted slab of granite , covered in moss and tiny white snowbell flowers .
large white flowers drooped mournfully from the ends of its branches .
a few of the tree 's droopy white flowers swayed gently .
its reedlike stem supported an anemic brown and pink blossom .
directly overhead , another flaming flower , drizzling with fire , crackled and burst .
the air was perfumed by hundreds of blossoms .
it hung heavy with blossoms , each one perfectly symmetrical , balanced and in harmony .
he paused by a tall stalk bearing midnight purple blossoms , the hue of a ripe bruise .
she took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of jasmine and orange blossoms .
it was also adorned with vases of flowers , even a pair of fishbowls , swimming with tiny , orange - and - crimson goldfish .
pythia , long accustomed to apollo 's vapor , was still struck by the scent rising from below , smelling of almond blossoms .
from the vantage of their height , monk stared across a bowled valley and a picturesque village of cobbled lanes and cottages with peaked roofs and flower boxes .
the branches were already bare , skeletal against the blue sky , but come spring they 'd be full of white blossoms .
` ` in solomon 's temple , this chamber was decorated with carvings of cherubim , flowers , and palm trees .
he pictured her sweet face aglow under the moonlight in the garden , lost in the drift of cherry blossoms , her lips as soft as the whispery song of thrushes in the branches and the tinkle of a fountain .
hundreds of lights even bobbed in the waters around the terminal , like a scatter of luminous flowers .
back then , even casino lisboa had been a seedier affair , nothing like the remodeled neon birthday cake of today , not to mention its newest edition , the grand lisboa , a thousand - foot - tall golden tower in the shape of a lotus flower .
as a girl , seichan had been on her belly beside a small garden pond , tracing a finger in the water , trying to lure up a golden carp - then her mother 's face reflected next to her , wavering in the rippled surface , surrounded by a floating scatter of fallen cherry blossoms .
cherry blossoms .
in the center of the penthouse stood a glass - walled atrium open to the sky above , holding a fountain , along with a riotous spread of plants and flowers , all surrounding a fishpond with floating lilies .
jada moved to his other shoulder , bringing with her a waft of apple blossoms .
even now , an image of a flowering vine in sunlight appeared in her mind 's eye , with purple flowers , the bobble of fat - bellied bees .
a few here and there were decorated by longtime residents - with a painting of improbably red flowers , a whiteboard with a string where a pen had once been attached , a cheap reproduction of an obscene cartoon acting out its punch line in a dimly glowing infinite loop .
the only decorations were a small shrine with a clay sculpture of the gautama buddha beside the desk , and a cut crystal vase with the flowers that her husband , arjun , sent every thursday .
gently , she slipped the mech 's hand into the hole , braced , and peeled back the cargo door , long strips of steel blooming like an iris blossom .
the air clung to him , the heat pressing at his skin , but he could imagine the bare metal of the drum 's surface covered in green , the air sweet with the scent of apple blossoms , the cycle of evaporation and condensation cooling it all .
the guard falling back , blood blooming out of him like a rose blossom .
sometimes called prairie - fire because of its bright red flowers .
she pointed to a healthy spread of paintbrush along the lower slopes , where the flowers budded in shades of crimson .
he gently pointed to a small flower with white petals .
beauty was simply another way mother nature survived , whether it be the sweet - smelling flower that drew the bee , or the wings of a butterfly that confused a hunter .
they ' ve lived in these forests for thousands of years , as much a part of nature here as any leaf , flower , or burrowing snake .
the walls had been terraced into various levels of gardens , bursting with orchids , bromeliads , leafy vines , and blossoms of every hue and size .
a breeze stirred leaves , bringing the scent of forest blossoms , damp soil , and green life .
pilcher smiles , imagining it - a warm day in may and the valley popping with blossoms and the baby greens and yellows of new leaves .
chapter 7 doomsday capsule t he fairies kept the grounds around the main house of fablehaven in bloom all year , but as kendra wandered the perimeter of the yard , the blossoms seemed extra bright , as if springtime lent added splendor even to enchanted gardens .
the colors seemed more vibrant , the grass shockingly green , the flower petals vividly ablaze with electric shades .
in harmony with the springtime atmosphere at fablehaven , the golem looked more colorful than usual , with an abundance of wild - flowers , blossoming creepers , and tufts of grass sprouting from his earthen body .
five terraced mounds surrounded the glassy water , blooming with exotic flowers despite the lack of sunlight .
the humidity made her shirt feel sticky , but she loved the fragrances of the blooming flowers and the sight of blissful fairies bobbing from blossom to blossom .
the humidity made her shirt feel sticky , but she loved the fragrances of the blooming flowers and the sight of blissful fairies bobbing from blossom to blossom .
the humidity made her shirt feel sticky , but she loved the fragrances of the blooming flowers and the sight of blissful fairies bobbing from blossom to blossom .
here and there , flowers and tiny flags added splashes of color to the snow - choked graves .
diverse objects lined the walls : full suits of armor , upright sarcophagi , ornate jade sculptures , grotesque masks , laden bookshelves , colorful marionettes , statues from various cultures , archaic maps , painted fans , framed scrolls , antique carousel animals , elaborate urns , bouquets of glass flowers , the skull of a triceratops , and a heavy golden gong .
tinier than most fairies , she had fiery wings shaped like flower petals .
a few softly glowing fairies bobbed among the flowers in the yard , providing the only illumination .
a rich perfume of blossoms saturated the air .
a white , sparkling fairy drifted into a bulbous blossom , turning the flower into a delicate lantern .
a white , sparkling fairy drifted into a bulbous blossom , turning the flower into a delicate lantern .
asked the sparkling white fairy who had illuminated the blossom .
grass turned white and sere , blossoms wilted and faded , leaves crumpled and dried .
the majority of the fairies flitted about the trellises of the boardwalk , playing among the blossoms .
at the same moment , kendra inhaled an aroma like young blossoms blooming in rich soil near the sea .
seth started plucking at the tiny blue flowers in the grass .
the third was tiny even for a fairy , with fiery wings shaped like flower petals .
seth asked , pointing to a lower hill not far away , brilliant with flowers and blossoming shrubs and fruit trees .
a cluster of fairies played among the blossoms of a nearby shrub .
now he looked much more like he had before the fairies had resuscitated him : a primitive body of soil , stone , and clay , more apelike in form than humanlike , a few weeds and dandelions sprouting here and there , but no leafy vines or colorful flowers .
he pointed at a large blue and white flower with a trumpet - shaped blossom and vivid , translucent petals .
he pointed at a large blue and white flower with a trumpet - shaped blossom and vivid , translucent petals .
fairies flitted about , coaxing blossoms into brighter bloom .
the air smelled of blossoms and fruit .
all the flowers seemed to be in full bloom .
kendra had never seen such brilliant blossoms .
huge bumblebees with fuzzy abdomens buzzed from one blossom to another .
sometimes she was smelling a blossom or stroking its petals .
butterflies and hummingbirds wove and darted among the blossoms .
fairies of all conceivable varieties flitted about , exploring blossoms , gliding on the breeze , and acrobatically avoiding her brother .
a bobbing distortion began warping the leaves and blossoms .
unscrewing the top , he gathered bits of grass , flower petals , a twig , and a pebble , and placed them in the jar .
twig , grass , pebble , flower petals , mirror , and all .
when kendra reached the bottom , seth was squatting near a cluster of blossoms at the edge of the stream .
i like the smell of these flowers , seth said .
those flowers are perilous .
those are a peculiar class of lotus blossoms .
sampling a lotus blossom awakens a craving that will never be silenced .
they noticed a few other clusters of lotus blossoms .
it smelled of rich soil and new blossoms , with just a hint of the sea .
when the singing finally ceased , a cheery hill covered by a fragrant array of brilliant blossoms and mature fruit trees had replaced the forgotten chapel .
again kendra smelled the earthy aromas of the fairy queen - rich soil and young blossoms .
i ' m going to miss this place , kendra said , taking in the bright flowers attended by glittering fairies .
holding thick - bristled brushes , the soldiers tried their best to depict the arrangement of rockbud flowers on a pedestal at the center .
` ` it actually looks like flowers , varanis .
shamespren fell around her , shaped like white and red flower petals that drifted on a wind .
vines of numerous varieties draped the rock wall itself , and the ground teemed with rockbuds , a variety that remained open even when there was n't rain , blossoms drooping with heavy petals from the inside , along with tonguelike tendrils that moved like worms , seeking water .
lifespren joined her , the little green motes bobbing between leaves and blossoms .
` ` i think you 'll find , '' shallan said , ` ` that my life has n't been one of nonstop blossoms and cake . ''
a whirling group of translucent flower petals stirred among them , fading into view .
an odd flower preserved in some kind of solution .
rockbuds split , and though these did n't have blossoms like the ones back home , they did put out vibrant green vines .
some reeds produced flowers to entice cremlings , which would feast upon the petals and in so doing rub themselves with spores that would give rise to the next generation , once mixed with the spores of other plants .
she would use too little red , and fields of blossoms would look washed out . ''
` ` those are tuberous begonia , challenging flowers to raise , particularly in this region .
many pillars throughout the room were carved with gold - tinted dragons , and the walls were filled with so many bouquets of flowers , some as tall as cress , that it was like the gardens had begun to grow wild inside .
but then she glanced out toward the pathway that wound between the cages , overgrown with exotic flowers and trees to suggest some semblance of being in a lush jungle .
... the shadows of the abyss are like the petals of a monstrous flower that shall blossom within the skull and expand the mind beyond what any man can bear ... ` ` i think she interrupted the creator of the script on the wall , '' i said .
one journal , half - destroyed by the damp , focused solely on the qualities of a kind of thistle with a lavender blossom that grew in the hinterlands between forest and swamp .
( 1 ) tiny white mushrooms almost like star - shaped flowers found most often around surfaces where dead bodies have recently lain or where some conflict has occurred .
faint honey smell from the tiny white flowers that came with the manicured bushes that lined the avenue in front of the house .
a rough flower pattern .
bees clustered around yellow flowers .
in between , a pleasing and aromatic mixture of green - and - red blossoms signaled not only the arrival of the summer 's wildflowers but house hoegbotton 's crass attempt to memorialize the struggle that followed voss bender 's death .
the trees all around her home were in bloom - white - and - pink blossoms that drooped heavily from the branches .
' bloom , ' i said , and the bush quite suddenly produced a single flower .
this flower is now thy task . '
i 'd resumed my own form , although i 'll admit that i gave some serious consideration to living out the rest of my life as a wolf , and i was going south toward vo mimbre when i came across one of those feuds in full flower .
since the weather was fine and there were a lot of guests in attendance , the wedding took place in a pleasant flower - strewn meadow on the outskirts of annath .
the bride , dressed all in white and with a garland of spring flowers encircling her pale , blonde head , was radiant .
you have n't had the opportunity to see his delightful personality in full flower .
the fragrance of wildflowers and tree blossoms immediately identified the eternal spring of aphrael 's own private reality .
he was in the pavilion again and he looked out through the open flap at the flower - studded meadow , the sparkling azure sea , and the rainbow - colored sky above .
the child goddess , whirling and dancing in the air and with her clear voice raised in flute - song , preceded them , again strewing their path with flower petals .
like a tiny comet , a brilliant spark of light descended over the radiant sephrenia and settled gently on her head as a glowing garland of spring flowers .
the process had begun rather abruptly in the palace garden one summer afternoon when he had come around a box hedge to find a small swarm of fairies pollinating flowers under danae 's supervision .
and there , in the full flower of his heroism , was mighty drychtnath laid full low .
an ancient stone altar adorned with wild - flowers stood between two broad oaks at the centre of the meadow , and two bronze , basin - like oil - lamps flared , one on each end of the altar .
the skirt caught around her waist was a brilliant scarlet , and she had a red flower in her hair .
tendrils of ivylike vines grew suddenly up the walls , but unlike ivy , the vines were covered with fragrant white flowers .
then he extinguished the fires in the sanctum and decorated the altar with flowers .
` ` there are millions of kinds of flowers . ''
we 're going to want big , healthy blooms , and even at best the flower 's a bit puny . ''
` ` vines produce more blossoms , and i want a lot of blossoms . ''
` ` vines produce more blossoms , and i want a lot of blossoms . ''
almost shyly the lopsided little flowers opened , filling the room with a gentle - seeming fragrance .
the eunuch was picking curiously at one of the small flowers .
when they passed the last of the rigidly similar houses of the sergeants and of those civilians of equal rank , they entered a broad belt of trees and lawns where fountains splashed and sparkled in the sunlight and where broad promenades were lined with carefully sculptured green hedges interspersed with cherry trees laden with pink blossoms shimmering in the light breeze .
jewel - like hummingbirds darted from blossom to blossom , adding splashes of vibrant , moving color .
jewel - like hummingbirds darted from blossom to blossom , adding splashes of vibrant , moving color .
velvet was holding a spray of cherry blossoms in front of her face , rather ostentatiously inhaling their fragrance .
` ` is that why you 're so busily sniffing cherry blossoms ? ''
as velvet and belgarath turned back toward the east wing of the palace , garion and his aunt strolled on along the neatly trimmed green lawn lying beneath the blossom - covered trees .
the flower was undoubtedly red , but the wan light of the full spring moon leeched away the color , making it appear black against the blond girl 's pale hair .
garion walked a little ways away from the others and reflectively watched a cloud of yellow - striped bees industriously working at a patch of wild flowers .
the dryads in their brightly colored tunics bedecked the huge limbs like flowers , giggling and whispering and pointing at the visitors .
it was covered with enormous blossoms of red , blue , and vivid lavender , and among those blossoms hung rich - looking clusters of shiny purple fruit that seemed almost ready to burst .
it was covered with enormous blossoms of red , blue , and vivid lavender , and among those blossoms hung rich - looking clusters of shiny purple fruit that seemed almost ready to burst .
one taste of its fruit is instant death , and the touch of its blossoms paralyzes every muscle in the body .
` ` do not think about the fruit , and try not to inhale the fragrance of its flowers too deeply .
it was a curiously familiar flower , its petals white on the outside and a deep , blushing crimson in the center .
a year or so later , the whole hillside was covered with low bushes and these beautiful little lavender flowers .
ce'nedra calls the flower ' adara 's rose , ' and ariana thought it might have some medicinal value , even though we ' ve never been able to find anything it cures .
` ` i do n't think that 's entirely caused by the flower , '' errand said .
` ` might i not have a few small flowers ? ''
and she had to have a formal letter of consent -and a veil , a lady to attend her , a ring , and flowers .
when spring was in full flower and the meadows rising steeply behind the city had turned bright green , touched here and there with vibrantly colored patches of wildflowers , ce'nedra began behaving peculiarly .
the garland of flowers she had woven for herself earlier had come apart as a result of her swimming , and the individual blossoms floated on the water , bobbing in the ripples .
curiously it moved from flower to floating flower , touching each of them lightly with its wings .
curiously it moved from flower to floating flower , touching each of them lightly with its wings .
since sparhawk had not been present to grow gradually accustomed to them , they were thrust upon his awareness in full flower .
a garland of flowers encircled her brow , and her face was calm .
she carried a single white flower , and her pale young face was radiant .
he found himself in a gaily - coloured pavilion , and beyond the open tent flap was a broad green meadow , all aswirl with wild flowers .
there were trees , ancient and vast , their branches heavy with fragrant blossoms , and beyond the trees lay a sparkling sea of deep , deep blue , bejewelled with the gleams of reflected sunlight .
the flower - tipped grasses bowed before the warm breeze as sparhawk followed the white deer across the meadow to the blue - tinged shade beneath the ancient trees .
sephrenia , clad in white and with her brow encircled by a garland of flowers , awaited them on the marble steps of the temple , and , seated quite calmly on the branch of an oak that predated every other living thing , was the queen of this fairy realm , the child - goddess aphrael .
epilogue spring came grudgingly that year , and a sudden late freeze stripped all the fruit trees of their blossoms , obliterating any chance of a crop .
neatly tended flowerbeds lined the walls , and the nodding blossoms were a riot of colours .
` ` you have always loved blossoms , dear heart , but i doubt that you ' ve ever seen the sky in bloom before . ''
they went on down the hill and paused in a grove of blossom - covered trees .
the winter sky was perpetually overcast , the bare trees all seemed dead , and there were no flowers .
silk set crude traps among the maze of rabbit runs twisting through the tall grass , and garion roamed the foothills in search of certain tuberous roots and a peculiar smelling white flower .
after he had stained all their skins into swarthiness , he crushed the odd - smelling flowers to produce a jet black ink .
about halfway up the grassy slope there was a patch of law , dark green bushes covered with pale lavender flowers .
there had been that morning a hatch of blue butterflies , and the winged creatures hovered in an eostatic cloud over the flowers .
` ` it 's lopsided , '' she sniffed , looking at the flower critically .
in spite of herself , still wanting to find something else wrong with the flower , she bent her face to the small , crooked blossom in her hand .
` ` might i gather some few of thy blossoms , lady adara ? ''
she turned back to her tubby horse , who was lazily regarding the flowers as if wondering whether or not to eat a few of them .
polgara examined the flowers carefully , but , to the disappointment of the princess and her friends , she would not commit herself immediately concerning their medicinal value .
the details were exquisite , and the flower glowed with a burnished life of its own .
the outsides of the petals were as white as new snow , but the insides , where the flower was just opening , were a deep , blushing red .
when durnik finished , he held a living flower out to aunt pol , its petals beaded with dew .
even in the middle of winter , you 'll have at least one flower . ''
the hall was hung with buntings and banners , and there was a vast profusion of spring flowers .
garion felt very strange as he wordlessly handed the flower to his cousin .
protected by the slope and faintly warmed by the winter sun , the flower that had never existed before swelled with silent , vegetative ecstasy and bore its fruit .
moreover , his gold crown seemed unusually heavy on this particular day , and , as he fidgeted , his throne seemed even more uncomfortable than usual.the hall of the rivan king had been decorated extensively for the occasion , but even the banners and garlands of pale spring flowers could not mask the ominous starkness of the great throne room .
sparse patches of heath , which had but lately begun to bloom with tiny , pink flowers , dotted the low , rolling hills .
pink , blue , and flaming red flowers nodded in their beds as bright yellow bees industriously carried kisses from blossom to blossom .
pink , blue , and flaming red flowers nodded in their beds as bright yellow bees industriously carried kisses from blossom to blossom .
pink , blue , and flaming red flowers nodded in their beds as bright yellow bees industriously carried kisses from blossom to blossom .
it 's about a foot tall and has very shiny green leaves and a little purple flower .
while it 's true that we have no flowers , there are hidden caverns where gems bloom on the floors and walls like wild blossoms .
while it 's true that we have no flowers , there are hidden caverns where gems bloom on the floors and walls like wild blossoms .
then the tree burst into flower , its blossoms a delicate pink and white .
then the tree burst into flower , its blossoms a delicate pink and white .
the tree was literally alive with dryads , clustering randomly on the limbs like blossoms .
overcome with greed , he remained silent and loitered behind until his companions were out of sight ; then he fell to his knees and began to gather up gold as a child might pick flowers .
from the elbow to wrist , brown and rust lace had been appliqued onto the fabric , and buttons , flowers , and little clockwork gears decorated the backs of the glove - sleeves .
she asked , arranging a vase of flowers in the parlor .
the plum - sized orange looked delicious , its peelings folded back halfway like a lotus flower , revealing plump segments glistening with a glaze of honey - creme .
papered with pink and white flowers on green stripes , with frilly white curtains and a surprisingly soft cream - colored rug , her chamber was comfortable and inviting .
it was like flowers and thorns mixed together with some stylized leaves .
i seemed to remember smelling orange blossoms on our way down , when i went to the everglades with my dad .
the godswood there was a garden , bright and airy , where tall redwoods spread dappled shadows across tinkling streams , birds sang from hidden nests , and the air was spicy with the scent of flowers .
then it turned out the purple flowers were called poison kisses , and arya got a rash on her arms .
the air was warm and heavy with the scent of flowers , and the woods here had a gentle beauty that sansa had never seen in the north .
` ` you ought to see it when it blooms , all dark red flowers from horizon to horizon , like a sea of blood .
his plate was intricately fashioned and enameled as a bouquet of a thousand different flowers , and his snow - white stallion was draped in a blanket of red and white roses .
the commons realized in the same instant as ned that the blue of the flowers came from sapphires ; a gasp went up from a thousand throats .
lithe young maidens danced on marble plinths , draped only in flowers , or poured air from shattered jars .
lysa 's apartments opened over a small garden , a circle of dirt and grass planted with blue flowers and ringed on all sides by tall white towers .
lysa 's suitors were gathering around them like bees round a blossom .
he had been stabbed so many times it looked as if his tunic was patterned with scarlet flowers .
from behind an ornate myrish screen carved with flowers and fancies and dreaming maidens , they peered unseen into a common room where an old man was playing a cheerful air on the pipes .
the freckled one wore a chain of blue flowers in her honeyed hair .
as she rode her silver into the city , small children rushed out to scatter flowers in her path .
a red gold fox poked its shining snout out from his breastplate through a circle of lapis lazuli flowers .
a blue flower grew from a chink in a wall of ice , and filled the air with sweetness ... ... mother of dragons , bride of fire ...
` ` can i take my belt of silver flowers and my gold collar with the black diamonds you said looked like my eyes ?
the garments the sisters took from them were decorated with black hearts , grey lions , dead flowers , and pale ghostly stags .
the smallfolk often name their daughters after flowers and herbs . ''
joffrey had met his new bride - to - be at the king 's gate to welcome her to the city , and they rode side by side through cheering crowds , joff glittering in gilded armor and the tyrell girl splendid in green with a cloak of autumn flowers blowing from her shoulders .
` ` at highgarden we have many spiders amongst the flowers .
` ` all the autumn flowers are in bloom just now , and there are groves and fountains , shady courtyards , marble colonnades .
a red flower blossomed , and jaime had an instant to savor the sight of her blood before his knee slammed into a rock .
all manner of trees and vines and flowers grew on their broad terraces , and the winds that swirled around them smelled green and fragrant .
cool green light filtered down through the diamond - shaped panes of colored glass set in the sloping triangular walls , and a breeze was blowing gently through the terrace doors , carrying the scents of fruit and flowers from the garden beyond .
then , sudden as hope , they saw the red bloom flower .
jalabhar xho , prince of the red flower vale .
my daughter roslin , my most precious little blossom , heh . ''
it tasted of oak and fruit and hot summer nights , the flavors blossoming in her mouth like flowers opening to the sun .
the wind was whipping them too wildly for jon to see the sigils , but he glimpsed a seahorse , a field of birds , a ring of flowers .
` ` they 're all bright as flowers . ''
ser edmund ambrose went him one better , bringing flowers and asking her to ride with him .
i have seen their peoples garland them with flowers , and shed the blood of goats and bulls and children in their names .
slobber brings flowers and fruit , and horror 's taken up the lute .
behind margaery came a long tail of courtiers , guards , and servants , many of them laden with baskets of fresh flowers .
the trees are gowned in gold and red and orange , and there are flowers everywhere .
it was cedar , inlaid with ivory in a pattern of vines and flowers , with hinges and clasps of white gold .
her hair was a tangle of brown and red and gold , autumn colors , with vines and twigs and withered flowers woven through it .
the air was heavy with the scent of night - blooming flowers .
there were gardens bright with flowers and fountains sparkling golden in the sun .
the swampy ground beyond the causeway was impassable , an endless morass of suckholes , quicksands , and glistening green swards that looked solid to the unwary eye but turned to water the instant you trod upon them , the whole of it infested with venomous serpents and poisonous flowers and monstrous lizard lions with teeth like daggers .
blood - blooms had sprouted from their gaping wounds , pale flowers with petals plump and moist as a woman 's lips .
when first they met , the captain brought her flowers every day , all the way from yunkai to meereen .
lad , this is franklyn flowers . ''
` ` there is the land route , '' suggested franklyn flowers .
beautiful volantis , city of fountains and flowers .
there ' s fish in it , and flowers , and some elephant dung as well .
` ` once you brought me flowers . ''
wine cups in hand , the yunkai'i wandered the garden in small groups , beneath lemon trees and night - blooming flowers , and dany found herself face - to - face with brown ben plumm .
the hunting might be good , but the forests were too green and still , full of twisted trees and queer bright flowers like none his men had ever seen before , and there were horrors lurking amongst the broken palaces and shattered statues of drowned velos , half a league north of the point where the fleet lay at anchor .
` ` they wo n't , m'lord , '' promised franklyn flowers .
his left greave did not match his right , his gorget was spotted with rust , his vambraces rich and ornate , inlaid with niello flowers .
i want to go back to yronwood and kiss both of your sisters , marry gwyneth yronwood , watch her flower into beauty , have a child by her .
for in those grays were gowns made of floating ribbons and sculpted jewelry and frosted flowers that grew like tiny gardens from bountiful poufed hair .
channary popped a fried squash blossom into her mouth and waved her hand at the thaumaturge .
from here , levana could see intricate apple blossoms embroidered around the edges of one of the blankets , and it surprised her to think that , no matter how many times she had slipped into evret 's bed , she had never noticed those designs .
under that blanket ... the one with the apple blossoms .
on the sides , silver flowers and thorny branches entwined around the frame , looking as though they were growing out from behind the mirror , like they would someday engulf it entirely .
it seems like during the time i 'd spent living on the streets , i 'd been missing out on seeing eden blossom .
day 's eyes light up with recognition , and a beautiful smile blossoms on his face .
at that , his eyes pop open - hope instantly blossoms on his small face .
` ` that dress polishes you up like a fresh snow blossom . ''
some of the blossoms are crumpled now , but i prop them up as carefully as i can and gently pat down dirt around them .
but how could anyone who 's ever seen a summer - big explosions of green and skies lit up electric with splashy sunsets , a riot of flowers and wind that smells like honey - pick the snow ?
the white blossoms of an orange tree trembled and glowed in the darkness .
when his majesty took his afternoon walk , fresh trees , their blossoms forced in the greenhouse , would greet him .
orange blossoms perfumed the air .
huge pots of flowers lined the courtyards that opened out , each one successively larger , to the gate of honor and the place d'armes .
green leaves and white blossoms quivered violently .
on the ceiling , venus , crowned by the graces , cast garlands of flowers to enthrall the gods at her feet ; she was so lovely , the petals so real , that marie - josephe could imagine reaching into the air and capturing a wreath touched by dew .
her perfume might emanate from those blossoms .
smoke dribbled from between her lips and mixed with the sweet scent of orange blossoms .
the scent of fruit and flowers filled her nostrils .
potted flowers traced the verges of the pathways ; the blossoms of a thousand orange trees perfumed the air .
it tasted of summer , of sunlight , of flowers .
gold and yellow flowers decorated every candle - stand and table , continuing the theme of the flowers in the gardens .
at dusk , servants would whisk away the flowers and replace them with branching candelabra and new tapers .
sprays of crystal dispersed the light of a thousand candles in colors across drifts and wreaths of flowers .
the children threw flowers into the water ; the sea people twisted the blossoms into their hair .
horse sweat , human sweat , dung , smoke , and perfume mingled with the scent of orange blossoms and the cool sharp air of september .
marie - josephe trudged along the corridors , between lavish tapestries , orange trees , a profusion of flowers and candles , on a pilgrimage to beg forgiveness .
a golden letter ` ` l '' and its mirror image , surrounded by flowers and starbursts , brightened the gardens to day .
24 the gold sunbursts , the gilded candle - stands covered with fresh flowers , the scent of orange blossoms and heavy perfume , the elaborate hangings and the exquisite paintings oppressed marie - josephe .
24 the gold sunbursts , the gilded candle - stands covered with fresh flowers , the scent of orange blossoms and heavy perfume , the elaborate hangings and the exquisite paintings oppressed marie - josephe .
velvet cushions softened the gold - painted wood ; great sprays of flowers brightened every corner .
manchee follows along on the road , doing his business and sniffing every flower .
he wished many times that he had paid more attention when she had returned from the woods , her basket filled with flowers , leaves , and bark .
a clump of yellow flowers stood atop a slender green stalk .
he brought home flowers .
i watched my dads face as he tried desperately to attach the flowers to the top of my dress .
then i caught a whiff of her lavender and cherry blossom scent .
just above the entrance , they had hung a portrait of devil , and had placed a garland of flowers around it .
beside it , a large flower base was placed containing a bunch of white icelandic dryas , the national flower of elf - land , and bunches of iceland poppies and tulips .
the room was a model of modern architecture - with abstract modern paintings on the walls , conch shaped flower vases and an oval table with s - shaped legs .
he saw that the portrait of devil was still garlanded , but this time with shoes instead of flowers , and devils face had been blackened .
with a shower of flowers they welcomed their new hero .
she was adorned with heavy golden necklaces and ornaments around her neck , and was decorated with flowers like a bride .
oh do nt worry one of his bodyguards said he will definitely come after the inaugurations are over with bunches of white flowers .
white flowers ? !
the gathered crowd showered flowers , threw confetti in the air and children were desperate to breach the security barricade and get an autograph from santa claus .
there was a white porcelain base with a bunch of white flowers on a white table by the side of his bed .
the level crossing has been transformed into a shrine , bouquets of flowers everywhere .
bright green grass covered the ground beneath her feet , and shrubs of hundreds of different types of flowers sprouted everywhere .
kneeling down , her mind was filled with waterfalls and the scents of millions of flowers .
the flowers were swaying back and forth , though there was no wind to make them move .
these flowers were also from the middle east , flowers that bloomed in the spring of the year .
there were little emerald jewels glued among the flowers and in her hair , which echoed the dazzling real ones in her necklace .
a grid of trees had been planted in the middle of the vast space , half of them dead , half still blooming with green leaves and small , colorful flowers .
todays flower is purple .
along with the occasional bursts of red and yellow flowers , the palms lend the community a tropical feel .
the pool area is a showpiece , with a waterfall cascading into a curvaceous pool and a gleaming patio area studded with palm trees and adorned with fragrant tropical flowers .
a radiant bouquet of flowers in a pink , shimmering wrap sits there .
bright candles burn on every table along with vases with flowers .
even in the darkness , i could see the beautiful flowers in all the colors of the rainbow around the brook .
every single blade of grass was the brightest most perfect shade of green and it was dotted with thick fragrant flowers .
the moonlight shined down in luminous rays upon the flowers , giving them an otherworldly glow .
flowers why had nt i thought to bring flowers ?
we walked on for some distance in silence , my heart wrestling with all the emotions that were overcoming me until once again we found ourselves among the perfect green grass filled with fragrant flowers .
there was this brook with all these flowers around it in all different colors .
she was tucking the poppy blossoms into cracks between boulders , the red of their petals like brands of fire growing from grey stone .
she watched the two packs of wolves collapse and sink beneath the frothing waves of the riverthe river tossed its glittering arms in celebrationand the water at her paws bloomed with red flowers .
she was carrying a clump of green leaves sprinkled with delicate purple flowers in her jaws , which she spat out onto the boulder holding the rest of her herb supply .
sure enough , palva was busy grinding the purple flowers into a thick poultice .
crimson flowers erupted on the surface of the water as the blood was washed away , clouding the water red for a few moments and shimmering like a scarlet mist .
tir stopped , panting and glaring ; xelind watched him with something like mild interest , a fresh red flower of blood staining his white fur , but not at all seeming bothered by the sudden attack .
pain unfurled like livid flowers in his head , and he was distantly aware of the fact that he was slipping in a pool of his own blood .
the snow had melted away , soaking into the tired earth to bring forth new flowers .
tulu giggles with a girly tone and closes her eyelashes then feels the tinkling warmth , the rapidly coolness , opening her eyelashes and views the pink open - toed leather foot sandal with the three - inched heel and a single pink rose - shaped flower bundled at her pinky toe .
i found the thistle bouquet quiet pretty containing an arrangement of dark purple flowers .
of all the pretty pastel floral flowers within our lovely grass fields , ya pick a patch of fat downy seedy balls of spines .
the soil produces some of the finest crop fields of cotton , indian corn , hay , vegetables , and unlimited flower floral vines , and grassy plants .
cows clean their bee_hinds with the spinesbut , heythe flowers are pretty violet tinted .
kiwi observes with happiness , talking to one of the other girls as she swishes the hand bouquet of flowers .
not eat , honeysuckles can be sucked by pulling the flower stem leaking with honey juice then lick the plant stick you re your tongue .
tulu legs behind the girls , strolling to the corner block table with the single chair just for her , twisting her lips , funny and drops her bag to the floor then parks her bee_hind into the padded pretty chair painted with yellow and red flowers .
they weave their webs between plant bushes and flower stems to catch flying and crawling insects but basically are a nuisance for woodland travelers like taffy .
she returns to the paint , brushing back the berry leaves seeing the issue that the lilac bite - nats have been 99 % absorbed into the component of the vine including the honeysuckles flowers , red berries , green leaves , and clay red dirt .
butterflies are attracted by salt within the human sweat for sodium , feeding on nectar from the flowers for sugar , sipping water from the damp patches of honeysuckle leaves , and pollinating any entire species of plants throughout the globe .
i guess them honeysuckles are some american type with a set of yellow blooming flowers .
pemona sighs then breathes lightly as she stretches her leg and ankle towards the pretty batch of yellow flowers , feeling better that both brazoria is temporally gone and her feet is nt permanently injured .
pemona holds the single flower , cutting the stem with her baby flash blade , smelling the sweet fruity scent , closing her eyelashes and enjoys the beautiful comforting prettily moment .
she opens her eyelashes , squatting on kneecaps and cuts the sharp prickles from the rose stem , twirling the smooth flower in the air as pemona lays the pruned rose inside the empty gourd , then cuts another live stem from the orange dog rose , duplicating her maneuver , while she hums musically .
nothin kills them lucky them flowers are pretty and juice is sweet .
golden flame honeysuckle vine grows 15 feet with flowers of hot pink design and yellow throats .
scarlet honeysuckle lengths to 12 feet displaying red flowers .
i stand with arms hanging at my kneecaps , watching two - by - two the love birdies fly away from me as i feel lonely and sad and mad and glad rotating my neck muscles around beautiful pink and yellow and red flowers living among the honeysuckle vines .
our goody funny friendship blossoms from a bed of tiny cute rosebuds into a bushel full flowering rose petals of puppy love with ease from our shared common loss : amita .
the colonies stomp , tromp , and swarm over the green grass , red clay , berry bushes , pretty flowers , and the famous flat silver limestone rocks of south beach showing their eagerness coupled with anxiousness for the upcoming competition .
pemona paints a blue silk tea topper with rows of white horizontal stripe made of up red - hearted symbols paired with a red flower on the left side of her hat .
the blue tea topper hat with a side red flower centers in the middle of her skull as her long hair folds into a tight brown bun at the nape of her swan neck .
he trots into the middle of hilltop , calling his girls as the pretty mares race to entrance gate of green grass , and wild flower fields along with the geldings making the horses safe .
she curves the red short jacket barely around her tanned shoulders , displaying a white cameo golden chained necklace with hanging tiny yellow daggers from her ear lobes and the blue tea topper with red flower centers the middle of her skull and her hair folds into a tight brown bun as she swings the painted electric blue and yellow peacock parasol with her fingerless red gloves .
mccamy adjusts rusks metal arm onto his left arm for whomping the remaining riders to death as he flips his face towards amita parking her bee_hind onto the smooth wooden planks between the escape opening and hico vertical columns of red cedar tree trunks still covered in flower vines and greenery as he orders to hixson .
out of the corner of my acute peripheral vision , i see ming and his sons gathering and huddling at the edge of the porch , near the tulip bed flowers with slender vertical objects .
and , the military dome is a pretty dull picture contrast to the beautiful rainbow colors of green thick lawns , rows of white cotton fields , miles of gold wheat plains , red barns , black stables , silver silos , pastel blue water streams and flowers of red , pink , orange , yellow and purple of my home , starbuck plantation .
i see rows of colorful garden and wild flowers with both hands parked on my hips .
the presence of alive gardens in pink , red , purple , blue , and yellow colors of both flowers and vines with a set of nice aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals , such as doves , pigeons , squirrels , and rabbits .
it metal points the steel limbs at a small tarp - covered and squared - shaped skybox in greenish - yellow ( that s chartreuse ) located at ten - yard line of the prettily manicured green field with no surrounding flowers .
the tiny missiles fly right and left of me , piercing the tree bark , many tree limbs , the dirt soil , lots of yellow wild flowers .
i use tele - sight into each one of the secret enclosed booths that design and decorate in fancy glittery wallpapers , exotic wooden furnishings , vases of fresh cut flowers , and tons of steamy heated food trays .
the small simply tables hold a green linen tablecloth , a vase of red flowers , dinner plates , and animated people .
bartholomew waves his free hand back and forth like a king and sometimes imitates a waist bow for fun at the small children , who appear with a single bouquet of flowers in their tiny hands .
then , bartholomew shuffles the bouquet to me as i accumulate an overflowing two handfuls of flowers , cutting into my naked forearms .
it shines a piercing whit beam over all the pretty flowers , flat rocks , and new plants , displaying a glittering color of hot pink , flaring red , burning yellow , fiery blue , and burnt orange , a beautiful sight to behold .
i immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles , ripped strawberries , and fresh flower fragrances , walking down the yellow - colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses , daisies , lilies , marigolds , and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house .
anyways , the first nobles could only bring certain stuff like family members , foodstuffs , animals , flowers , and a few cans of paint .
doe trots slowly beside bartholomew through the flowers , out the spanish moss - covered wooden gates , into the open green pasture field , into an over story tree hiking a path towards the woodlands mountain .
i see purple , pink , orange , and yellow wild flowers ; oak , maple , pine tall trees ; robins , bluebirds , sparrows , eagles sit and fly , while wood peckers hammer out an old dead tree trunk for a new home along with the snoozing owls , flying squirrels , and a few cute white tail deer .
i photo mind the thousands of tall green trees , a blue sparkling river splitting into smaller ponds as flying colored birds soar towards the water for food and flowers , then dance with the wind to a silence song .
she s alert and identifies familiar objects like flowers and teacups , quickly .
i blink my eyelashes once , twice then thrice and accept the precious flowers , saying in soft flute music .
i walk the beautiful colorful nice smelly gardens , consisting of rainbow flowers , manicured grass , short plants , and tall trees along with fresh cut green hay that makes me homesick for my own plantation on earth .
i see , feel , taste , and hear the thick overgrown tall trees , numerous low plants , bushy bushes , assorted wild flowers , flying insects , chirping birds , jumping squirrels , running rabbits , and hunting foxes .
i cautiously watch the workers pace to and from the maintenance shop like busy little bees working on their pollinated flowers , spotting a lonely zipper to the left of my position .
the gifts from bartholomew include a pearl necklace , a bouquet of red flowers , a pack of peppermint candy , a book of love sonnets , a second bottle of perfume , new baskets of food , and a second single mini - bot .
their carrier safely parks hidden between a set of two rolling hills of green grass and colorful wild flowers .
the loose brown dirt , hard damn stone pebbles , biting insects , pretty flowers , and soft grass rain down on me covering my freckles .
i close my eyelashes , smelling the familiar odors of planet earth , breathing the rich aroma of fresh dirt , wild flowers , fresh fruit berries , green pastures , assorted wildlife , and woodlands forests floating around me on resort .
however , the pretty wedding altar nicely decorates in white flowers , consisting of roses , carnations , lilies , tulips , irises , and other perfumed flowers that i do nt care to research for their scientific names .
the gbots stall in mid - air , dropping into the pretty purple flowers with a white thick steam flowing out of its vents .
i sit between tok and mar while rann lounges at the head of the square table while many wbots serve platters of brown meat , white fish , green and orange vegetables along with white fresh baked bread and red , pink , and green fruit slices in four stages of presentation as i get full but continues to eyeball the round three - tiered chocolate cake that decorates with a snowy white chocolate flowers on the top layer sitting prettily upon the purple clothed dessert table .
i mesh the white flowers into the cake part as rann uprights and moves next to mar then i gently shove my uneaten plate ahead of me .
the single carrier swiftly drops as my tummy lungs into my throat from the sky like a bee onto a flower as four big bulky non - smiling prison guards greet me with an unfriendly snarl while the hot heat sweats both my eyebrows and freckles quickly in the bright sun .
i studiously stare at the lush healthy landscape consisting of dark hunter green growth of plants , live varied vivid colored vegetation , and pretty rainbow blooming flower pods , instead the patches of yellowish brown dying weeds from my very first visit in my alien time line # 1 .
as far as my eyeballs see a single body of water surrounds the tiny sand bar that colors in dark , black , murky , and eerie tints since there are not present any plants , trees , buildings , grass , flowers , birds , fowl , fish , snakes , worms , mammals and monsterswelljust one as i giggle with a girly twangokay , two if ya count rita then i chuckle like a silly clown .
a carriage ride usually only for a party of two citizensusually boy and girl sitting close inside the cart sharing hearts , candy and flowers .
i adore flowers .
the pre - teen girls grin and giggle nosily behind us and rudely finger point at every beautiful flower arrangements .
they are gathered below the sixth balcony in the ugly dead yellow weeds of a courtyard filled with dead gray flowers and dying rows of short brown thorny bushes inside the grounds of his royal castle then dirk blasts .
for two hours , my new friends pour thick rich yellow oils with aromas of fruit and flowers over my naked legs , arms , shoulders , and cheekbones .
my hair holds numerous vertical lines of colored ribbons from the crown of skull to the tips of my curls thickening my hair as it floats like a set of wild flowers when the cool breeze brushes through my hot room .
i feel warm and cool sprays of mist , lotions , and crmes bombarding my cold naked clean skin with the delightful odors sniffing into my nostrils with fragrances of flowers , fruits , and vanilla as she removes the cloth over my face .
tina wears her destroyed skinny faded jeans , tucking inside her black cherry rattlesnake cowgirl boots along with the white knit sweater that carries an prettily arrangement of pink , baby blue , and maroon multi - rose petal flower on her chest .
your delivery guy forgot to leave the order of fresh flowers .
but , the bushes are covered with flowers .
ya know , an angel has symbols like flowers , colors , or rocks .
gabriel has the symbol of the lily flower , the trumpet as instrument , the moonstone rock , and the color scheme of baby blue .
they stood side by side like a bride and groom holding the metal cubes like flower bouquets .
since arriving , he d drifted in and out of sleep , so he had no idea how long he d been here , but several vases of flowers decorated the room .
she smiled and headed toward the fire burning brightly in the center of the frosted - glass enclosure , passing through the kaleidoscope of red , pink , and gold flowers arranged in neat little rows on either side .
the last thing susan remembered before everything went black was a mushroom cloud blooming like a hellish flower on the horizon and the unbearable heat that followed * * * when the sisters opened their eyes again , they were back in the library .
apple blossom lane , hoyt mumbled under his breath .
a single yellow flower was laid across the top of the grassy mound before the stone .
it was a smell of spring flowers and rain , and he knew it belonged to his mother .
they marked the trees with ribbons , made notes , and used organic manures , but the next day they found another dried tree , dead bush , or a withered flower .
all three looked beautiful in colorful gowns , with flower blossoms in their hair , and lace adorning their dcollet .
all three looked beautiful in colorful gowns , with flower blossoms in their hair , and lace adorning their dcollet .
small at first , the town grew during the following years and flourished into a magical place with living trees and flowers , babbling streams , and mysterious inhabitants .
she then rested her eyes on the big wicker basket near medea , which was full of herbs , flowers , and fly agarics .
the wind was blowing cooler , the grass and rosy flowers were slowly rocking from side to side , and the nightingales were warbling on the branches of the treesan absolute idyll .
one after another the hundreds of candle figuresstars , triangles , flowers , animals , and skulls , were lit up , filling the recently obscure hall with light that grew bigger and brighter .
hoping that hector was sending him somewhere with air , he hastily swam through the french window , entering a beautiful underwater garden with flowers he had never seen before and iridescent corals with long tentacles in the most amazing forms and colors .
their arrival was prompted by the weather 's strange behavior : when the flowers and bushes started to whiter , trees defoliated , and animals became sick , when it rained most of the time and lightning and thunderbolts tore the sky , then they were coming backthose occurrences were the omens of their return .
black blossoms and shining white light swam across sarahs vision as she dug her hands into the fruit - soft flesh of its throat .
sarah cupped her hands and blew onto the ashes of the hearth fire , smiling as she watched the embers blossom into faint tongues of flame that spat out a handful of sparks .
along the banks bloomed flowers by the hundred , their white , pancake - shaped petals mottled with patches of pink , magenta , and rose .
some were darker in hue , as if the virgin blossoms had been daubed with blood .
a slight perfume issued from the flowers , heady and piquant .
the flowers that grew by the river were evil blossoms .
the flowers that grew by the river were evil blossoms .
once , years ago , the kaylo had ignorantly dried and crushed the flowers to give the torbo leaves they smoked in their pipes more flavour .
those flowers ` ` later , sarah .
ossen lowered his hands and the glowing sphere unfurled like a flower of woven gold and silver and scattered like shimmering dust onto the night breeze .
to his spring blossom , she is autumns long twilight .
the pendant was arranged like the petals of a very tiny flower made from dark cold to the touch stones .
the flowers were pleasantly white like snow and oddly picked for such a place , but pretty .
beside his hand was another of the white flowers i saw in the ballroom .
the only odd moment we had was when i asked about the little white flowers i kept finding everywhere .
the one that has a flower stalk in the middle of it ?
the yellow flower disappeared into a puff of petals as the orix hit the plant and kept going .
an orikai flower .
you re looking for a tri - petal flower that has purple elongated petals with white edges .
the flower lives on a distinctive blue stalk that looks a lot like a vine .
we need an orikai flower .
its a purple flower with three petals .
we have no idea how long it ll take for maelnar to find one of these accursed flowers .
standing slowly , he opened the tiny chest to reveal a striking purple flower with three elongated petals ringed with white .
you have only one shot at this as this is the only known orikai flower in existence in all of lentari .
breslin held the chest down low so that lukas could reach in and extract the flower .
holding the delicate purple flower by its blue stem , lukas walked to the waters edge and gently placed the offering on the waters surface .
as if pulled by an unknown current , the flower floated out about fifteen feet .
after spinning about for a few more rotations , the flower silently slipped beneath the surface and disappeared from sight .
beginning at the point where the flower had sunk , tiny waves radiated outwards , and eventually caused the water to lap against the shores edge .
the only way to restore a nixie to its former self is to submerge the flower back into its native waters .
while lia showed another batch of hopefuls the intricacies of creating delicate gum paste flowers , steve sidled up to sarah and tapped the small shoebox she had sitting on the counter .
he presented sarah a bouquet of flowers and settled into the booth .
while eating their dinner and chatting amicably back and forth over the days events , steves nostrils flared as he picked up the scent from sarahs flowers .
its inside of you and blossoms on your sixteenth birthday .
as she stared down at the flowers in her hands , danni could nt be sure .
darren smiled as he held the flowers toward her .
danni rescued the flowers from his grasp .
spring has n't quite taken hold yet , so the flowers have n't sprouted , but i can see the telltale sign of new growth .
small , gaily flickering flames were already spreading across the forecourt , growing like beautiful , bright red flowers everywhere around the pumps .
in front of each sofa was a glass coffee table covered with a centerpiece of flowers .
i finally reached the small oasis that was surrounded by trees and wild flowers .
many of the blossoms are varieties i ' ve never seen beforethe colors , vivid and bright , and some , blindingly white .
hope blossoms like a helium - filled balloon , lifting my weary soul .
the aroma of flowers fills the air .
i can smell them but not in the same way i could smell the blossoms up in heaven .
tall trees sway and aromatic flowers grow with abundance .
a crimson drop of blood blossoms , ready to spill over her fingertip .
i can almost smell the scent of wild flowers on the remembered breeze .
in idir shaol , i can smell everythingthe flowers , trees , shrubberybut here , my senses are dulled , and i distinctly feel the lack .
crimson beads fall from his arms and chest onto her pink robes , the stains growing like rose blossoms as they spread .
i had never been given flowers before , and was nt entirely sure that i possessed anything to designate as their home .
this boy brought me flowers because he cared about me , and thought i cared about him in the same way .
bryant and nadia had discussed possible methods of apology , from chocolate and flowers , to proposals of marriage .
lining the walls were plants of all sorts ; curly ferns and colorful flowers .
she wore yellow scrubs with white and pink flowers .
she made sweet tea and served it in tall glasses with ice , a lemon slice and little parasols with japanese cherry blossoms .
he paid no attention to her as he floated through the girls thoughts like a hummingbird to a field of flowers .
you like the short mound growing tiny flowers ?
that s funny because delphiniums are tall plants with a row of bell shaped flowers on them .
its magic came to life like a fairy world the etherlings make it to be where flowers grow perfectly in an eternal summer that would never see the greyness of winter .
eli continued to turn the pages that had painstakingly detailed drawings of various flowers and plants .
lyssa felt pins prick all over her as she stared blankly at her name shed written and colored in surrounding it with tiny flowers .
she felt fear blossom in her , but was nt going to back down when she felt the palm scepter in her hand .
eli surrounded again by the sweet flowers of the gardens of avalon .
zachs body was dressed in a creamy white gown and covered in an array of flowers .
her pale skin flickered with silver and intertwined in her long hair of many shades were tiny vines , some with leaves and some with small flowers of various blooming stages .
colorful flowers suddenly popped open throughout the empresss hair until it was nearly overtaken by vines , flowers and twigs .
colorful flowers suddenly popped open throughout the empresss hair until it was nearly overtaken by vines , flowers and twigs .
she smiled as a slender vine curled beside her cheek and blossomed with tiny violet flowers .
they left leaving just claire and i. i guided her through the gardens past some of the mers that were tending to it to a private area encircled by vining yellow flowers that sweetened the air surrounding us .
claire continued to focus on the trumpet shaped flower .
the flowers that grow here are nt usually that blue , its an oddity and though it made eutopia beautiful for a short while , it wo nt ever bloom that blue again .
the remaining fairy opened a bag filled with jewels and deep burgundy flowers that i did nt recognize .
there were bushes and bushes of beautiful red flowers in bloom .
the deep crimson flowers created a half circle , keeping us safe from the darkness of the looming forest .
he lead me over to a makeshift arch that someone had hastily decorated with flowers and candles .
sitting down on a purple toadstool , she drained one of the rulip flowers which were blooming nearby .
there were two of them and they seemed to be having a contest of which one could make it to the next flower the fastest .
i ca nt believe there are still so many flowers blooming here .
walking through the sea of rainbows of flowers , it was breathtaking .
i was stunned by the most exquisite orange flowers .
colorful woodblocks of asian operas , carved figurines of mandarin ducks , and flowers decorated the room .
no heather , bracken , or trees grew on its surface , only dots of yellow flowers and rich lichens .
a tall green stalk grew out of its head , ending in white flowers with a yellow center .
you can always tell its them as the flower on the surface moves while they are grazing on the sludge .
while fawn , the older of the children , collected flowers , ralu confided in kaelah .
he takes my hand as i turn to fix the flowers and pulls me close to him .
flowers are the easiest to grow and once this art is mastered no seeds are necessary for growing most things .
i grew several more rose bushes , big full ones as big as my face , blooming yellow , white and pink in blossoms .
clusters of pale yellow and red rree - taa flowers hung from tree forks or curled around the snaking vines , providing bright spots of color against the green and brown forest .
before he was able to speak , she had answered her own question , plucking the death island image from his mind like a flower off a plant , examining it , and tossing it aside .
curvy and hilly , tuberose meanders along various trees and colorful , almost fading , wild flowers .
the garden has thick hedges , and a long parallel line of dwarf conifers set amongst colorful foliage of flowers .
despite the brisk air blowing from the river behind , the palm trees , and tropical flowers are as still as the statues and sculptures .
a vibration of heat blossoms in my chest and radiates throughout my body .
coconut palms dotted the sand , and the sweet scent of flowers wafted in the breeze .
the thick aroma of fresh earth and exotic flowers lingered in the air .
vines laced through flowers and fruits and there were more screeching fliers than we could catch an eye of .
frowning at the flowers and ignoring the flutter his touch made me feel in my chest , i said , what ?
grass and flowers grow around it to hide it and provide shade which cools the inside though it keeps the inside dark .
whether that or something else , the planted seed takes root and i want to nurture that seed to full maturity to see what blossoms .
those violet flowers , what are they called ?
they grow everywhere there rhoak continues telling me about the flowers while a seed takes root in the pit of my stomach .
these flowers are nt flowers at all .
these flowers are nt flowers at all .
one by one the flowers sweep upward into this circling tornado .
i follow a flower to watch it transform into a girl as it rides higher in the air .
she wears a white gown with jewels , her blond hair braided around her head and decorated with flowers .
fruit blossoms on a branch that moments ago had been her right hand .
each wears a crown of woven twigs and flowers , perhaps woven on the journey .
her hair is a mixture of dark curls with fine trimmings cascading down her face with the majority braided around her head as if it were a hat , decorated with beautiful flowers .
the word seed blossoms in my mind .
spaced roughly two arm - lengths apart , trees with blossoms in a divine shade of pink lined both sides of the trail .
these had to be the famous cherry blossoms .
there were flowers with colors so unique and vibrant that they reflected the light of the sun , just as gemstones would .
reece followed a path toward plants with glowing , iridescent flowers .
tall , lavender flowers blanketed ground like purple snow .
for another , he could smell dead fish amongst the nicer scents of needles and flowers .
the forest ground was rife with magnificent blossoms and green things and insects .
every spot that did nt have a flower had luscious green grass growing from the ground .
a mixture of purple , yellow , and white flowers blossomed along the brick yard .
shane examined the flowers and then looked at me in surprise .
the undergrowth had a golden green look to it , with bright and colorful flowers unlike any they had seen , and as they watched an insect rather like a butterfly except with too many legs landed on one of the flowers .
the undergrowth had a golden green look to it , with bright and colorful flowers unlike any they had seen , and as they watched an insect rather like a butterfly except with too many legs landed on one of the flowers .
all around them , strange flowers bloomed from great plants or climbing vines and attracted several insects .
like blossom rockma - maon the addams family .
dad leads me down a row of grey headstones , each and every one of them coated with words and flowers .
he turns and hands the flowers to me , wrapping an arm around my shoulders .
inside was an old silver locket , decorated with flowers and swirls .
miyako crushed the flower in her hand , shaking her head wildly .
from just a few feet away from it , approaching it still with a quick jog , i could see the yellow and purple black - eyed susan flowers that were planted all the way around it .
the garden might have been incredibly tiny , cramped between three high walls and the house , but it was well appointed with brightly coloured and sweetly scented flowers and bushes .
* chapter 29 his cheeks are as a bed of spices , as sweet flowers : his lips like lilies , dropping sweet smelling myrrh .
grass grew , brightly coloured flowers spread , trees sprouted , stretched out , burgeoned into leafy cover , blossomed .
the pink curtains were stitched with white flowers , and they billowed against an open window .
ellie carefully brushed out remas hair , then braided it with blue silk ribbons and flowers , humming while she worked .
the grand hall was ostentatiously decorated with white flowers , the stems wrapped with red , satin fabric .
the air flourished , fragrant with flowers in lavender , rose , butter , and blue .
the roof looked to be made of tree branches and steepled along the top so it looked like an upside down v. on either side of the cottage was lush forest , filled with trees , ferns , and colorful flowers .
a beautiful bush , filled with all different pastel colored flowers , grew directly in my line of vision .
the flowers separated and began to flutter upward , like butterflies taking flight .
once all of the flowers left the bush , the branches looked stark , empty , like a barren tree in the deep of winter .
then a periwinkle blue flower landed further down my arm , near my elbow , followed by a mint green one .
i peered closer , and the flowers moved .
a sweet stench rose from the pages , like dried flowers .
i heard birds chirping happily , smelled the sweet fragrance from the flowers , and felt the cool breeze against my skin .
the sweetly - scented blossoms filled my lungs .
some were leather , others had pretty designs and flowers on them .
shed curled the ends and pinned them into a bun and put little baby blue flowers in between the curls .
square tables , each seating eight , were set with a large centerpiece filled with a spray of red flowers in different varieties and shades .
white flowers , which looked a lot like snowflakes , were placed methodically in groups of three and five .
he stomped down the side of the mountain through leafy trees and plants , over thick , dry roots and yellow - orange flowers .
when we turned and began walking across the rocking ground , every step she took flowers sprouted up , blooming large blossoms , mesmerizing me .
he secretly slid his fingers over the beautiful beadwork of red flowers and blue diamonds that had caught his eye as he raced by the dresser the night before .
i slowly advance my pace into a steady hip swing towards my final destination , the royal castle , millions of green vines of purple flowers called something .
then i shake and tousle wavy long gray hair from freckles out of a face as a black jump suit covers in red mud , brown dirt , green grass , pink flowers , green leaves , and red blood .
my royal staff is available twenty - hours per day or night to assist you with your costume and fabric selection and design , furniture , decorations , personnel , flowers , balloons , and streamers .
she s swaddling dried yellow and fresh green flower vines green ferns being wrapped around the blade of her silver sword .
our wedding is going to be grandiose with parades , floats , balloons , banners , flowers , food , cakes , horses , dancers , entertainers , etc , and , etc , and etc , and etc .
a streaming light shown along the skirt of the sides and flowers trailed throughout the grassy ground .
she stabbed the demons right below their mouths , and flicked them through the air like she was picking flowers .
a cart with a tray of food complete with a bouquet of flowers was pushed into the room followed by caleb .
walls of green shrubbery surrounded you in every direction as you walked through a labyrinth of colorful flowers .
she was dressed festively in a long , blue coat with military style fastenings , and her hat had a white ribbon with some small red flowers .
the language of flowers .
my mother had been taught about the language of flowers when my parents had lived in england before we immigrated to america .
the language of flowers was not used by the culper spies that i could discover , but flowers have always been viewed as symbolic , and in the early eighteenth century the language of flowers was studied by many .
the language of flowers was not used by the culper spies that i could discover , but flowers have always been viewed as symbolic , and in the early eighteenth century the language of flowers was studied by many .
the language of flowers was not used by the culper spies that i could discover , but flowers have always been viewed as symbolic , and in the early eighteenth century the language of flowers was studied by many .
she laid it flat in her hand like alex had done and rubbed her pointed finger down the length of the stones , stopping at each flower .
she extended her hand with the bracelet in it , the bruise that was on her palm had formed into a perfectly detailed flower .
she knelt down in the deep , rich dirt next to a large patch of dill , admiring the circular head of yellow flowers .
seeing a waving mass of daisies nearby , she walked to them and gathered up a bouquet of the white flowers .
it snaps quietly , like when you break a cookie in two ; the pain blossoms in my hand like i ve just exploded a firework inside my closed fist .
she was off toasting a patch of odd red flowers near a tree , laughing as they shriveled and exploded .
these are very rare ; they re called calinof flowers .
this vein contains a strong antidote for the poison inside of the red petals , tristan knelt and plucked the first of the beautiful red flowers from the ground .
but we must prepare the different parts within an hour of picking the flowers or else all the properties are neutralized .
the flowers and decorations looked lovelyyou would ve never guessed someone had just died .
the garden was beginning to grow and small pink flowers dotted some of the bushes .
taking in a deep breath , the air was sweet with the scent of the wild flowers growing along the banks .
each wall wears a painting of various outdoor scenes : vibrant , crisp autumn leaves ; a gorgeous , spraying waterfall ; and an artistic field scattered with a multi - tonal array of flowers .
with the flowers and shrubs of every color , its undeniably a gorgeous lawn .
yours looks like flowers .
guess you ll have to work it with what you ve got left , she said , setting the three - petaled flower beside its perfect counterpart .
as we strolled down the hallway , the distinct scent of lavender and cherry blossom floated in the air .
cherry blossoms ?
i could nt name the red , yellow , and violet flowers offering dwellings to butterflies and bees , but they hung profusely from the rectangular planters attached to each windowsill .
its thin claws stretched wide before they curled around julians finger , slowly , like a flower withdrawing its blossom after dark .
i breathed in the cherry blossom scent of her body lotion , the one she had nt stopped wearing since the days shed tucked me in as a child .
the boxes planted with bright red flowers shook , releasing drops of dew .
patches of grass splotched against the soil , as well as wild flowers .
every inch of the ground was covered in bonny flowers ; there was every flower present that kiethara had ever seen .
each individual flower radiated its own beauteousness , as though each one had been created by hand with the most careful and loving precision .
there were flowers of the purest white and the most vivid purples .
the tree was resplendent , a cherry blossom work of art that stood statuesque against it surroundings .
the blossoms portrayed a peaceful atmosphere as they swayed in the breeze , slowing the mind , making herdrift .
the most potent scent was definitely that of the cherry blossom tree , although it was not without competition .
mymy mothers favorite tree was a cherry blossom ?
this flower grows directly from the ground , with a stem of emerald green .
a flower blossomed .
the flower before her exceeded anything she had ever seen in beauty .
slowly , she moved the tip of her finger to the pure white center of the flower .
the flower was enthralling .
spending her entire life surrounded by flowers did not give her many foul smells to compare it with .
different colored tents were crowded with people on the wide path , displaying flowers , fruits , vegetables , livestock , clothes , and jewelry .
you re very knowledgeable about these flowers , the woman noted , causing the two of them to turn .
tables were lined with flowers , herbs , and the most beautiful pieces of artwork that she had ever seen .
the buds blossomed into beautiful flowers of soft pastel colors .
the center of the flowers gave birth to ripe fruit of all kinds .
he was currently drawing pictures of trees and flowers .
a small white flower adorned his suit .
i m in a really green area outside , lush with flowers , tall grass , and trees .
the pattern made a flower of sorts , with a star in the middle .
i could see the green trees , the tall grass , and the blooming flowers .
the grassy area , the trees , the flowers , and the stream , i can see it all .
the garden was flooded with shimmering crystal water bedazzled with blooming lunar flowers and lily - pads that clung to our legs as we waded through to a tree of golden apples .
there was no sign of the massive tree or the lake of lily - pads and lunar flowers .
two tables back knelt a guy who was giving a girl a bouquet of flowers .
then , one by one , his teammates handed her the flowers , and a smattering of people in the cafeteria clapped .
look at all the flowers and balloons in here , honey ; they are from your friends and family .
amber looked around and suddenly noticed balloons and flowers everywhere .
after towel - drying and covering myself in cherry blossom scented body lotion , something i do every morning , i drape the green towel over the metal bar screwed into the wall and grab my neatly folded clothes from the counter , dressing myself as i avoid the gaze of morning - me in the mirror .
soon , i m in my normal clothes coating myself in victorias secret cherry blossom body spray that matches my lotion , then i m sitting in ap chemistry boiling things over a bunsen burner .
people in her world frolic and prance through the trees and blooming flowers , venture to get healthy fruit smoothies , and save the lives of the forgotten , bringing them from the darkness by showing the world someone could only dream .
zephyr spots the flowers and laughsopenly .
he snatches the flowers from her hand and turns to sulk to the kitchen , muttering something about how he d like to shove these roses where the sun do nt shine , but i do nt believe it was directed to my aunt .
its my cherry blossom shampoo .
you like cherry blossoms ?
i love cherry blossoms , i tell him .
whenever i saw you , your hair dripping wet , smelling sweetly of cherry blossoms , it hurt not to do that .
it was covered in white , purple , and blue flowers with a lace hem .
it was pink and purple with flowers and stars painted on the top .
heat blossoms within me and spreads faster than wildfire .
think , i sputter , harley , quietly , loosening my grip on the flowers .
it burns and blossoms , taking control , and i ca nt help it , i need to feel him everywhere .
ptellon is special flower from mountain in the asia land .
with my second drink , flavors exploded across my tongue like the smell of grass and flowers and rain and sunshine .
we wanted to be amongst ze trees , run through ze fields , smell ze flowers , and see ze abundance of animals .
she wore a pair of skinny jeans embroidered with bright blue flowers , and she had on one of her staple strappy tops .
and blue flowers are traps for us naredowells .
she jumped away as it crumbled , the bright flower falling in with the small layer of dirt , into a hole ten feet deep .
i was fully prepared to go and explain how wrong i had been and how bad i felt but she waltzed into my hospital room with flowers and chocolates and photographs of the horses the next day as though she did nt even know what truth or dare was .
every table was set with white linens , flowers and candles and had a great view of the lake .
ade decided that he would build a bonfire to the side of the pompon ( it was a bit like an apple tree that blossoms ) .
there were all these flowers and there was a rose , an light stone rose .
oh your mums brought the most beautiful flowers and real chocolate for the cake !
everyone who was in on the plan to save ieuan operated in shifts to cover for one another , doing their special duties like pressing clothes and arranging flowers whilst whispering updates to one another from mums latest trip to see how he was doing .
moisture , copper tubing , and the faint scent of flowers .
the plant which grew before them between two rocks was indeed a sage , with its square , woody stems opening out to a mass of velvety grey - green leaves and a mixture of pink and white flowers sprouting above the lot .
oh look , said rod , a field of blue flowers .
now some folk have been known to cry when the blue flowers wave at them ; it has been said by those same folk that when the blue flowers sing they sing a song that will drain your eye of all its tears until eventually you are emotionally spent and laying in a foetal position on the ground beneath their bright blue canopy .
now some folk have been known to cry when the blue flowers wave at them ; it has been said by those same folk that when the blue flowers sing they sing a song that will drain your eye of all its tears until eventually you are emotionally spent and laying in a foetal position on the ground beneath their bright blue canopy .
on the other hand , and only a short distance ahead of them , a rather runtish hump had indeed , it seemed , fallen prey to the lure of the flowers , and as such was curled up amongst their intoxicating blueness .
they should go back the same way they came , but along the eastern edge of the field of blue flowers was a stream .
beyond this supposedly grassy plain with scattered trees was the field of blue flowers and at the eastern edge of that was a stream , this is where they needed to go , so where was there any mention of a forest in between ?
sometime during the night before they had lain exhausted amongst the blue flowers of the field , beyond that they had no recollection .
in the distance , beyond the field of blue flowers , billy looked across at the nemesis they had encountered the night before .
in that breeze the blue flowers of the field began to wave , they were all open to the sun and still appeared to be smiling as they moved hypnotically from side to side .
the flowers are pretty , cetra remarked , and a single tear began to form in her big eye .
he ran forward and kicked barrets ankle hard , the aim was to rouse the irishman from the hypnotic effects of the flowers , and that it did , along with the added bonus of making him very angry .
... .humps again , perverted humps , drunken humps , hungry trees , hypnotic blue flowers ... . oh and the rest .
it had obviously been carefully placed on the tree because jugs and flowers decorated the base .
it was as if the witnessing the tulip blossom brought him to life , it erased the mind programming and set his spirit free .
round and round i love every flower , every bird , every bee and everything surrounding you and me be the night around me when the stars fall down we 'll watch as the heavens turn round and round watch as they turn around round , round , and round watch as they turn around i love every bower , every leaf , every tree and everything surrounding you and me be the world around me when the leaves fall down we 'll watch as the seasons turn round and round watch as they turn around round round and round watch as they turn around be the star encircling all my joy on painted wings sail horizon bound with me let our love forever be let it all go round and round i love every hour , every star , every sea and everything surrounding you and me be the wind around me when the rain falls down we 'll watch as the storm turns round and round watch as they turn around she wants to come home , rhapsody whispered to capella through her tears .
look at those rosesthey have flowers as big as saucers on them .
the miniscule lines were vines with nearly microscopic flowers , the rolling and winding design in the key head made a w or maybe an m pending which way you held it .
in front of the house no wait , not house , its a mansion there are tons of colorful flowers , and palm trees .
you look beautiful , he says and hands me a bouquet of purple flowers .
thankfully i do nt have to wonder what to do with the flowers for long .
he opens the car door for me , he lets me control the radio ( trust me when i say , its important ) , and he brings me flowers three times a week ( which is unnecessary , but sweet ) but gabe seems to think that all of this is just an act .
its full of flowers .
ahead were rose bushes with blossoms the size of oranges .
the softness of the two shades in stark opposition to each other set each flower on the plant on fire .
huge bougainvillea bushes now bordered it on both sides , the heavy green branches with tissue paper flowers in fuschia and tangerine had completely eclipsed the corn fields .
the smells welcomed him first ; the rose buds of spring and winters thick narcissus ; the dusty scent of autumn leaves and the pungent crispness of orange blossoms ; and somehow above it all the unmistakable tingling of sunshine entering his body like warm syrup .
oisin focused on the sumptuous fabrics before him and watched as miniscule blossom faeries brought buds of night jasmine to the queen , laying them in a circle around their mistress .
a matched pair of rosebud faeries lifted off the blossoms and floated to the floor .
the little ring of flowers the natives put around your neck when you visit hawaii ?
if the flowers and candy make you happy then go ahead and keep them .
she had cards , flowers , some of her running trophies from her bedroom at home and sitting on top of her bedside locker was her teddy bear johnny which was a bit embarrassing .
it was if he was watching some kind of sped - up film footage , like he d seen on nature programmes , where flowers bloom in the space of 20 seconds .
philip had several vases of flowers on his bedside locker .
vines with little red flowers grew out the ground and wrapped around a group of rebels as they tried to attack one of the heroes .
ladies in lace caps and spoon bonnets garnished with dried flowers and small faux birds surrounded us .
without looking up , the tall thin man of stone beckoned layth to approach but in the way of dreams layth fell away into waves of scented wild flowers ; rippling blossoms kissing the feet of palms that had fallen like defeated soldiers .
layth pushed the lamp before him as the path narrowed threatening convergence ; transforming in space between the flickering of light into a glittering bejeweled channel inlaid with thousands upon thousands of infinitesimal shells curled tightly together like clustered buds of vine flowers .
behind her enigmatic blossoms they shall remain , masked in dust , until the web brings one from a far land to take his part in their journey into the ethers .
as they searched for sight , the moth reappeared in the shadows , its wings aglow ; flame of the lamp sparking into sizzling crackles , catching misshapen tips as the winged creature altered , transforming into the likeness of the pale man haunting layth 's dream ; crimson hair reflected on thousands of tiny shells curled tightly together like clustered buds of vine flowers , sparkling and dancing under the flame of the oil lamp .
the bees buzzed about the flowers , but one sadly got swatted by oaka .
it was bigger than any courtyard he had ever seen and did nt have a lot of flowers like in others .
they headed on and marveled at the beauty of the city beneath the stars and the bright street lamps , of the great fountains and exotic flowers .
it was made of gold and engraved on it were symbols of leaves , trees , and flowers .
iron hooks were placed all over the walls and these hooks held a vast assortment of herbs , flowers , bones , skins , charms , and various odds and ends that had been tossed on for some reason .
she saw beautiful flowers of different kinds .
chi - chi - bon and the other fairies happily dressed the girl , weaving joyous flowers into her auburn hair and dropping a veil before her painted face .
when the peal of trumpets gave way to the chime of bells , hanna guided the disguised girl into the throne room , which was now decorated with enchanted flowers and chirping birds , courtesy of the forest elves , who had come to celebrate one of their own .
she was drawing together a bouquet of autumn flowers .
the tubers shoot up their flowers to the river top , drawing out the teribiths : long , clawed bugs with a head full of eyes .
they ll feast on the bright pink flowers by day , and then climb to the canopy to sleep , where the birds will feast upon them .
taking in the decoration of light blue and purple flowers , he turned to examine the dancing men and women , who wore gentle blues , greens , and creams .
you can almost taste the magic in the air as you dig into these uniquely flavored dishes , and you ll have a new respect for the curry flower , which is credited with much of scadias flavor profile !
its pretty flowers had grown brittle and wan .
the walls are covered in flower - printed wallpaper the flowers are red with green leaves and vines ; the background is yellow .
sage releases oscars hand and with that same hand he grabs something from behind his back and presents mama with a bouquet of flowers .
a place where flowers did not wither and die but grew in abundance year after year ?
and just beyond , barely visible , the rolling green hills would be dotted with yellow flowers in the summer .
sweeter than the flowers on the breeze in summer .
we d rounded a corner and the hills smoothed into gentle fields of green , dotted with yellow flowers that seemed to go on forever .
small white flowers that reminded me of the stars at night .
i ca nt believe he sent me flowers as well .
holly laughs and comes over to give me the smaller bunch of flowers .
he strides over to us ( antonio seems to do everything at great speed , even walking and talking and flower sending ) and when he reaches us , claps his hands in delight .
thanks for the flowers , though , antonio .
) , the flowers , and now marc having a tantrum .
what kind of flowers would a female like , especially a female with auroras desirability ?
you actually picked flowers out based on their meaning ?
` ` my life is an enigma , comrade bonch - bruevich , '' i said with a shrug as we marched briskly beneath trees bright with pink and white blossoms .
i took a deep breath , savouring the heady smell of summer blossom .
it was mid - morning on a bright , beautiful late - august day , and the sun gleamed on colourful bushes , alive with flowers .
the car slowly circled an oval , grassy island , overgrown with wild summer flowers and sprawling shrubs , then stopped beside the central entrance .
sergey accompanied us as we walked slowly the few paces from the car to the first of the wide steps , feeling the mid - day sun warm on our shoulders , smelling the sweet scent of the wild flowers , and hearing the soothing hum of bees as we made our careful way .
it was adorned with garlands of flowers and gemslike amber and emerald .
he hunched behind the bushes ; and crept through like a hunter behind his prey , until they came to a tall cylindrical tower , trimmed with green shrubs and white jasmine flowers .
remembering how it was when he had walked in : trees covered by shrubs , buds of white , red , and purple flowers bordered the path , with small bushes scattered under every tree like children gathered around their grandfather for a treat .
jasmine buds sprang up , and the three roots were covered with shrubs and flowers .
for it was as if the petrified warrior had been commanded not to kill grimdinbut what could be meant by shoving someone off the bridge , other than a cruel death , and how could such a thing blossom into dead soil and trees ?
in her realm , there was a gentle touch in every observable directionthe shimmering sky , the dawn and dusk washing over her castle , the castles gate and its dark sea - like walls , the twilight road and its warm - colored bricks , the dark forest and the charming one , the jasmine flowers , the hummingbirds , and all the rest of the creatures living within them .
each one connecting to the bag with a leather rope , rising out of the bags main compartment like flowers spurting out from a vase .
there were no flower beds , although a few ragged blossoms drooped bright heads amongst the weeds .
as we veer to the left , we climb up a sloping road lined with cherry blossom trees .
* * * * * were back in windsor , back at the house on top of the hill with cherry blossom trees .
here layers upon layers of flowers are coated with gold .
tomorrow would be the turn of the purple flowers .
it had seen many a love story blossom , flourish , and die , having many tears splashed onto its cold unfeeling form , and many a set of initials scratched off its surface .
it had been transformed into a silvery wonderland of twinkling lights and flowers .
there were dazzling stars dusted in a black sky poking out between the flowers on the ceiling .
the intricate belt had various items dangling from it : ginger , flowers , small bottles , and to willows surprise , a small cage with a cockroach in it .
like really good , i want to eat you delicious , yummy in my tummy , honey mixed with flowers and sugar , and -- okay , i get it , willow said stopping his tangent .
there were even some smaller ones on the floor of the cave poking out like flowers in the ground .
she was led through the courtyard that had statues and beautiful garland flowers .
tall stalks of flowers soared towards the ceiling as tall as the domed roof .
this forest was very pleasant with the sounds of birds and lush green grass and healthy looking trees , flowers bloomed and bees and bugs thrived in the paradise haven .
i picture being in a city full of birds and flowers instead of fang creatures .
it is a very beautiful flower that blooms pale purple with yellow tips and center .
what my favorite hobby is , my favorite food , the different kinds of flowers that grow , and what its like to see the ocean for the first time .
lark gathers flowers and lays them at the base of each stone .
like birds and sunsets and flowers , and all that other sappy love stuff .
crystal water goblets line the table , silver wine glasses , gold plates , gold flatware , and vases of flowers every fourth person .
stained glass , carved stone , flags fly from poles that rise from the top of the buildings , and there are trees and flowers everywhere .
any one of the colorful flowers could be poisonous , or a death bug that will draw you in with its beauty then morph into some kind of beast that will destroy you with its sting .
there is a needle in the center of each flower .
the yellow , orange , and pink flowers in the garden that we sat in were a mirage to mask the little creatures that were hiding there .
the arch is decorated with crystals that look like flowers .
the following morning , the father and son moved at a brisk pace up and down the hills through the colorful flowers .
byron had picked a light blue flower and given it to the enchantress , who was smiling .
blossoms and flowers seemed tobloom on every surface .
blossoms and flowers seemed tobloom on every surface .
bees moved happily from flower to flower .
she had nt seen them anywhere near the flowers , which did nt say much for ulec as he was only seen when he wanted to be .
we did nt see them near the flowers seacra showed me .
i showed her all the flowers and realized you were nt anywhere near the place you said you would be .
anyways he started writing me love notes and bringing me flowers and chocolates , even went as far as asking penny what my favourite chocolates were just so he could really show me he liked me okay .
my heart accelerates for a different reason this time as jaydan appears in front of me again with flowers in his hand .
the infinite dressers had labeled drawers ranging from rare stones to dried flowers .
what had arseni saidthe chinese flowers bloom at midnight ?
under blooming chinese flowers , guards had swords pointed at his neck , and others picked through his belongings ; their leader questioned him with the bottle of fatata brandy in hand .
when a woman 's voice responded , he parted the strands and led them into a room layered in purple drapery and smelling of flowers and candle wax .
dusty volumes lay open on a bookcase , showing star charts and diagrams of sliced - open flowers .
next , romulus slipped on a fungus - covered log and landed on his back in a patch of poisonous - looking flowers .
arie kept a small vase of flowers in the hallway .
the air smelled clean , there were clouds and flowers and even a clear stream running beside the tree line .
several paintings of meadows with flowers and grassy fields with brightly - colored houses decorated the walls .
the contrast between here and lael was obvious just by the use of color : green fences , orange houses with blue roofs , and multi - colored flowers lined the walkways .
the garden had purple and pink flowers that were blooming and waving in the wind , paying no attention that the world was crumbling around them .
the chamberlain practically leapt into the cart , scattering fake jewelry , tailor 's discards , cured skins of half - animals gobber 'd eaten on the road , inedible bundles of herbs that lemny 'd taken the tasty seeds off of ( except the ruttidge , which he had n't gotten to yet ) , a few unidentified glass vials and stoppered ampules they 'd sifted from an abandoned workshop , innumerable amber - colored beads that lemny rolled from sticky plant sap and flower parts when he was bored , a length of new rope gobber had spent each night weaving before bed from the abundant ropeweed , lumpy clay bowls he 'd palmed together and kilned ineffectually over the campfire , a few bones ( bleached by setting them on top of the cart 's awning under the suns ) , stone knives with sharp knapped blades and handles sopped out of plant latex and heated to gummy rubber , a glass lens -- whoop , the chamberlain let it slip and smash on the floor in his haste , one big chunk and a powder of broken glass -- ` ` that 'll be a yenti and a nick , under our ' you break it , you bought it ' policy , '' lemny said politely .
when the flowers were past bolting and you could peel off the outer leaves and they had those green fruit pips , just a hint of sour , not yet hard and red and crunchy .
the flowers of the world each produced one new bloom never before seen on thra .
it 's our joy to find wild nectar in forest flowers .
in the near distance , the spriton village was laden with garlands , laurels , blossoms , leis , wreaths , long strands of boughs and flowers , all circling a concourse of woven huts of varying heights and widths .
in the near distance , the spriton village was laden with garlands , laurels , blossoms , leis , wreaths , long strands of boughs and flowers , all circling a concourse of woven huts of varying heights and widths .
the smell of flowers tossed onto a moss fire .
bloom it to blossoms , where are you ? ''
the deep green shoots climbed over everything , blanketing the wall in leaves and periodic , bell - shaped flowers of magenta and pink .
an occasional honeybee buzzed from flower to flower as link pulled the vines from their stranglehold on a rickety , wooden trellis .
freshly cut flowers stood suspended in an ornate crystal vase on top of a small , two - person table .
he dreamt that he found a red flower with a pearl in its heart .
finally one morning , he found a red flower with a dew drop , like a large pearl , in its center .
floringel touched the flower to the birds breast .
they freed all of the birds and touched each with the flower , returning them to their original forms .
some have white flowers if you re there early enough in the summer .
there were tiny dragons the size of butterflies and neon flowers in awkward .
three floor - to - ceiling arched windows faced us , the glass overlooking fields of neon flowers and dancing fairies .
trying to be serious inside a world of neon flowers and fairies with watermelon - flavored pixie dust felt like trying to laugh while watching a sad movie .
it should have opened up by now , the thinning trees revealing a glade full of flowers and cascading waterfalls .
vines hung over the opening , tiny black flowers covering it .
i have nothing to help the blossoms live yet they live struggling , they live perhaps , i consider , they came from god i did nt ask for these flowers , and here they are and they wait without dying he waters them i dream out of my window is the blank , white sky the air is thick and the autumn breeze carries ashes from a nearby fire when i got back to apu , i sported a perpetual ponytail .
i have nothing to help the blossoms live yet they live struggling , they live perhaps , i consider , they came from god i did nt ask for these flowers , and here they are and they wait without dying he waters them i dream out of my window is the blank , white sky the air is thick and the autumn breeze carries ashes from a nearby fire when i got back to apu , i sported a perpetual ponytail .
anxiety blossoms on robins pale face .
a breeze got up , scattering blossom from a row of chestnut trees and across the lawns ; a sudden spring snowstorm of white and pink flowers .
a breeze got up , scattering blossom from a row of chestnut trees and across the lawns ; a sudden spring snowstorm of white and pink flowers .
he watched buds unfurling from a distant chestnut tree , and the delicate scent of blossom filled his nostrils .
peering to his left , through the delicate foliage of trees he saw a field : raggedy clumps of grass littered with yellow and red dots of wild flowers stretched away and upwards to form part of the hill they 'd just descended .
the flower breathed in response to hoang - ha 's directness .
spring air came through the cracked windows of the cab , spring air sharp with the scent of cherry blossoms from along the tidal basin and a rust smell from the swollen muddy riversavage flicked on the radio .
the silent landscape stretched out before me , the wild flowers in scattered bunches , the bramble of bushes , and the trees cropping up .
the puffs of yellow spilled out , especially the ginormous poofy flower on the right shoulder .
i thought about aunt lulu and the puffs of canary yellow tulle and crinoline and satin surrounding me and the ginormous flower attached to my shoulder , and that s when a sob broke though .
and it even came from all day shopping trips and poofy yellow dresses with ginormous flowers on the shoulder .
i waited , pretending to examine the purple flowers that cascaded over the edges of the planter that rested to the side of my front door .
a mixture of wild flowers and vanilla making my mouth water and the inner beast in me spark to life .
its colored in orange with orange and red flowers .
there are four twin - shaped bed mattresses in pretty girly pink with yellow and green flowers inside this room .
a little girl presents to me a bouquet of flowers then ucal smirks at me .
criminal , says a figure in the rear of the dance hall as the little girl presents me a bouquet of flowers .
i touch the smooth leaves of trees then soft pedals of flowers then the rough thorns of low bushes while sigo swings my hand back and forth , smiling .
zug do nt like flowers .
spread out before her are flowers , teddy bears , shirts , pictures , burning candles and much more , all in honor of the forty - five people who were found dead .
your beautiful white casket sat at the front of the church , draped with purple flowers .
katie leans in and presses a kiss to the white casket ; whispering a few words before plucking a pink flower from the bouquet and stepping back .
the winding road through the property is covered in huge shade trees , and flowers bloom along the way as they make it to the back of the property where the lake and tanya 's final resting place are located .
all of them burst with feathers , flowers , and the occasional piece of fruit .
hedges grew seven feet tall with flowers the size of peters head .
it was spring , again , with the air cool and heady , full of the fragrance of the blossoms .
and the blossoms fell like rain , and the tears began , again , he sang .
back from his dream state , the blossoms vanished .
after that , flowers by the hundreds arrived , along with baskets of fruit and goodies , to the hospital , all with the request that they be delivered to mac .
he held up a large bouquet of flowers .
he also did nt like it that more and more deliveries of flowers , baskets of fruit and other goodies kept arriving and filling up his room .
a cross was carved into the left side of the marker , along with flowers and vines , and down in the right - hand corner a kitty face paid homage to mallorys favorite animal .
the coffin , packed tightly with sprays of flowers covering every millimeter , displayed a picture in the center , draped in black ribbon , of grandfather .
one of them came right to our front door , delivered flowers .
the guy handed me the flowers , then leaned over and kissed my cheek .
-46- here , far away , deep among the trees and the dirt and rocks and the budding flowers and grass and leaves , here i can finally breathe .
of course it was , she said looking down at the bundle of orange and yellow flowers .
the back of the house was large , there was cushioned benches and a beautiful garden with flowers there was even a small pond filled with little fishes , surrounded by a bird bath that water falls into the pond , ryder knew it was gorgeous he created it all with his mother in mind .
the outside is painted with flowers and peace signs and swirls in every color imaginable .
carol , however , kept talking about flowers and food .
the sky was clear and blue , while a fresh morning breeze was playfully scattering blossom across the gravel driveway , whipped from the plum trees that grew in the front garden .
he had just crossed the bypass , where the road swung to the right and skirted the shoulder of the hill that hid picklewick from the town , when , from a footpath to his left , daisy appeared , carrying a bunch of wild flowers .
she said , thrusting the flowers in his face .
sure enough , daisy was there , watching with delight as a blizzard of blossom from the plum trees was whipped around her by the stiff morning breeze .
i do nt think its a coincidence , she said , gazing at the wild flowers in the hedgerow as they walked down the lane .
for a moment he glowered at her defiantly , but his tenuous argument had been flattened like a flower beneath a steamroller and he sagged .
ryan hoped that his new - found appreciation for blossom was fleeting ; any comment to such effect would take a long time to live down amongst his friends .
warmth unfurled inside me like a flower blooming in spring .
here 's some nice flowers and they 're purple too .
in the space in between , there was a border that contained a flaunting of fabulous colour from the many shrubs and flowers .
there were also tiny wooded structures grouped together not far from the lid , next to a large stone and a small purple flower .
a very simple pink rose connected to some white and black silk ribbon , which iridescently shimmered around the flower .
surrounding them were cactuses with vibrant colored flowers .
tea was finishing up the flower .
the flower .
the bulb stretching out to become a flower .
tall flowering trees surrounded me ; all unique , all yielding a distinct , but beautiful blossom of every color imaginable .
the forest floor was covered in wild flowers as unique as the blossoms on the trees .
the forest floor was covered in wild flowers as unique as the blossoms on the trees .
in the trees it was slightly darker , the blossoms blocked out the light of the warm sun .
that is beside the point , he cleared his throat and offered me the flowers .
you ve got to be kidding me , i held back my laughter and eventually took the flowers from him , not knowing what else to do .
i let myself get caught up in her excitement , feeling real hope bloom as the first flowers of spring after an endlessly frozen winter .
i blushed a deep , revealing red and stared intently at the flower pattern on the ivory china .
pink flowers blossomed in white pots of various sizes scattered around the generous porch .
it was larger than i imagined and overflowing with flowers and leafy ferns in large , glazed pots .
their fragrant blossoms filled the air with a light perfume , which mingled with the smell of coffee .
moms larger bouquet was accented with small purple and blue flowers that matched our dresses .
i stare my eyeballs out the twin sets of horizontal windows in cintas bedroom that displays the pretty yellowish - white lights from the glowing flowers that breed along the water puddles in apollo , alabama .
i soar like a bird across the smooth open field of tall knee - high wild red and yellow flowers dancing in the breeze while bouncing my body up and down like a trotting horse in the leather seat since i forget to web my bee_hind into the seat driving at 30 mph as the atv drops like a yo - yo down the slight sloped grade into the tiny stream of fresh water used by the cows for drinking .
the flowers under the fourth oak tree are yellow buttercups , knowing .
why on earth are there smell stinky ponies inside the pretty flowers ?
and , the grass and flowers become tiny like colorful ants .
you will lose most assuredly with a bunch of pansies smelling like sweet flowers .
we walk along the plain sidewalk , rows of pretty flowers , short bushes of black , red , and blue berries while the birds dance in the sky .
wilted flowers .
it was covered with a pattern of tiny apples and flowers .
jess had on long sleeve top patterned with flowers and matching shorts .
the lawns were as smooth and soft as carpet with many different flowers .
gordon may walked in carrying a large bouquet of flowers .
around the fifty foot base of the spire , laid out with care , are flowers , wreaths , incense , and burning candles .
on the side were a variety of berries , which had been dusted in icing sugar , and arranged in a flower shape .
i tiptoed over the cobblestones that marked out a pathway through the massive flowers , and found the power board in the very same spot it had always been .
the flowers were so high that they nearly towered over my head , and i sneezed quite a few times .
oh , flying through the flowers i attained these awful little things , chiggers i think they called them , and they itch .
i put on my new favorite gown sort of in the style of jynes but in a dark purple with embroidered flowers .
and different herbs and flowers so it can do its job properly .
the sky was blue and the grass and trees and bushes were green and full of blossoms ; everything was absolutely picturesque .
there were trees , and dirt , and vines , and leaves , all nice and brown and green as they should be , and there was even patches of flowers in some places .
reaching across the sides and over the humble rooftops , thick white tree branches stretched over with a decadent array of flowers in full bloom .
there were even a few yen born arbors that produced flowers within flowers .
there were even a few yen born arbors that produced flowers within flowers .
however , these yen - manifested flowers were unique : in full bloom , their eerie luminescence rivaled even that of the moonlight in radiance .
no flowers or budding plants , birds chirping or insects crawling .
the intricately scrolled golden case , imbued with magic , opened like a flower blooming .
i imagined tiny fairies flitting in the spray of the water and nearby in the flowers , or sunning in the dappled rays that dotted the soft moss .
the whites and pinks of cherry blossoms and dogwoods , the magenta of the redbuds all enveloped me .
when i tapped the head of my rose fairy , she peeked out from under the brim of her rose blossom hat and the sweet scent of roses filled the air .
a short gust of wind sent dogwood blossoms floating around us , gently swirling down , shifting my thoughts back to the beauty of the morning and the happy contentment in sharing it with rory .
where the golden rays of the midmorning sun hit the flowers , the petals sparkled as though coated in millions of tiny , dazzling crystals .
he gave me time to wait for the right shadow to reach a whitewashed rock wall covered in crimson and orange bougainvillea , so i could shoot my perfect picture , immortalizing the contrast of pure , blazing white against the fiery explosion of flowers framed by the cerulean sky .
the brass - and - iron architectonic jewel hummed and halted every few seconds but finally reached the attic floor , and we stepped out to face an elegant foyer decorated with mirrors and freshly cut flowers .
at last , the perfumed petal flowers fell to the floor , creating a multicolored organic carpet , a potpourri sweetly inebriating my senses .
the tricks involving a combination of weather - manipulation , flowers , and perfumes were quite pleasant .
sixty - two miles from italy and forty - three miles from africa , pantelleria is a volcanic paradise of wild flowers and inebriating perfumes .
sara had done an excellent job decorating the small outdoor retreat with a multitude of terracotta pots full of plants and flowers .
everything lay dormant , except for human passions and emotions that blossom all year round , exploding with colors of black and blue .
he was rolling his mothers words around in his head , replaying the scene over and over again in his mind , like a humming bird poking a flower for sweet nectar , only he kept coming up with the bitter taste of what could have been on his tongue .
when the woman entered the room , kristina handed her the flowers .
those are very pretty flowers .
kay , says emily , but when her mother turns to select some pears , emily pulls off a flower .
emilys mother grabs the flower from her daughters hand and tosses it into a trash can .
next , small groups of family and friends approached to lay offerings of flowers , food , and small votive items carved in a variety of shapes about lidaes feet .
a red flower petal drifted from its hair and landed on his nose like a fragrant snowflake .
the grassy surface was in fact a broad field sprinkled with white star - shaped flowers that had no smell .
next to them was a roughly painted star - shaped white flower .
and gel would , of course , be lying beside the brook in a field of gold and white flowers , with his arms wrapped gently around mae as he whispered sweet nothings in her ear .
acres and acres of grass and flowers and trees unfolded before my eyes .
the stalls were filled with vendors selling everything from homemade candies and flowers to jewelry and clothing .
hedges and fields filled with grasses and spring flowers flashed by in a blur .
spiky purple and blue flowers bloomed along the front walk .
she eyed the flowers .
he handed me these flowers .
we both looked at the flowers .
jenna paused and looked at the flowers lying on the table .
a tussie - mussie is a bouquet of flowers that was used to send a message to someone during the victorian age .
different flowers had different meanings .
so if you wanted to send someone a message you would choose the flowers that said what you wanted and make a tussie - mussie .
you would put the flowers in a tussie - mussie wrap it up like this with a doily and a silk ribbon and give to the person you wanted to get the message .
jenna studied the flowers .
i mean , i know what the flowers are , i just do nt know their meanings she puzzled over the flowers for a few minutes , but then her face brightened .
it tells you the meaning of different flowers .
she pointed to some delicate blue flowers that were clustered together in the center of the bouquet .
the flower in the center of the tussie - mussie is the most important .
i asked , touching one of several small white bell - shaped blossoms clinging to a slender green stalk .
bouquets of flowers adorned each wooden pew and spilled over the altar , scenting the air with their perfume .
the gravel road gradually turned into a hiking and riding trail , bordered by shrubs , grasses and wild flowers .
there s a big flat rock and a small meadow with grasses and wild flowers and an old stone cottage nearby .
the sky was still gray , but the early afternoon sun had broken through the soft clouds and illuminated an array of wild flowers blooming among the green and gold of the field .
the drizzle from this morning had disappeared and fresh rain - washed sunlight spilled across the gardens of brynmoor , making the flowers and shrubs glisten .
the green grass was littered here and there with small rocks and clumps of wild flowers .
the lush vibrant colors of summer had disappeared and the shrubs , flowers and grass lie brown and dormant .
every month he would come and leave flowers at her door .
i ve been collecting flower specimen for my father .
it asked for donations to the american cancer society in lieu of flowers .
there were a lot of flowers anyway .
however , my limited bush tucker knowledge proves useful when we come across some heath banksia trees , because i know you can suck the nectar out of their flowers .
we suck some flowers from a nearby banksia tree .
mullimby chats away in her sing - song voice and points out flowers and animal footprints .
his mother had a penchant for making the most delicious peanut butter blossom cookies .
moments later , the beautiful stranger that clocked my attacker strides in holding flowers , a balloon , and a huge teddy bear .
yes , i answer , remembering that peter had given me flowers , a balloon , and a teddy bear .
the dress is blue with a flower pattern .
she received tons and tons of flowers .
red was rains favorite color and she was disappointed that we did nt have red flowers to look at .
it is full of rainbows and beautiful flowers .
some displays were butterfly collections , and others were wild flower and leaf collections .
a slight breeze brushed his face with the fragrance of the wild flowers that dappled the meadow .
in the center he set a small white cake trimmed with tiny pink flowers .
light purple flowers hung in heavy clusters filling the air with perfume .
i could see the entire bower clearing laid out below me : the huge rippling roots and wide field of swaying grass and flowers radiated from the base of the tree .
there was no one left out in the field none of the ilyn , none of the urden , no one and nothing in sight except the distant trees that lined the field and the glimmering dew - coated strands of grass and flowers .
the ceiling was unbelievably high and there were some magnificent chandeliers in the form of flowers hanging from the ceiling .
balloons , flowers , a goat .
i ask , pointing to a locker that 's covered in fake flowers and permanent marker with notes that say ' i 'll miss you ' and ' be at peace ' all over it .
i wonder for a moment if i might make a friend there and a blossom of hope sprouts in my mind before i shut it down , knowing i have no right to it until i have fulfilled my promise to nicole .
i stumbled over patches of gravel and blooming wild flowers as i made my way higher and higher into the bleakness of night .
we enjoy delicious feasts , the sun streams in glowing ribbons , fresh breezes waft through the windows , the world is clothed in flowers .
she took in the crowds of smiling faces , the bouquets of fragrant flowers , the scattering of rose petals that molly was releasing along the central path .
there was a pink flower in the center .
she could tell by the japanese cherry blossom picture above his head .
the chain was long , and hanging from it was a large , red jewela ruby maybesurrounded by a golden cage of leaves and flowers .
the carriage was the color of gleaming pearls and was covered in intricate carvings of branches , leaves , and flowers .
silver armor etched with tree branches and flowers adorned the torsos of both male and female fae .
a series of silver chains hung from her neck , each sporting a pendant representative of nature : flowers , trees , butterflies , birds .
her blond bob was accentuated by a golden headband featuring a cluster of jeweled flowers .
she was dressed in another pristine white gown , but this one was embroidered with blossoms matching those adorning the ballroom .
in the midst of the glowing field of flowers stood a still pond on which even more of the glowing creatures played , skidding across the water and creating glowing rings that rippled out around them .
at the back of the procession stood the fae , dressed in their flowing white garments and shining silver , the elves adorned in their brown and tan leather with leaves and flowers decorating their hair , the centaurs with their tattooed bodies , feathered hair and gleaming gold armor and the werewolf shifters , draped in their deer pelts , furs , and copper jewelry .
by the time they reached the city center , he had placed a dozen of the fragrant blossoms in her braided hair .
i m sure you d like to know that selenas gown was made from the most delicate of golduns white and silver lace and her hair was worn in loose waves , dotted with fresh white blossoms .
sara inhaled the perfumed scent of plumeria , a native hawaiian flower .
massive frescos and beautifully woven tapestries hang from the walls , while tables with fresh - cut flowers sit at every door .
the smell of spring mixed with seattle rain grew heavy in the air , the sweet scent of camellias , and cherry blossoms .
the cashier began ringing up my flowers in between not - so - subtle glances at the guy standing close by .
some with fruit hanging from overburdened branches , also herbs and flowers .
it was mossy and damp with spatters of small , white flowers tucked in the tree roots .
dotted along both banks were the purple flowers of the siberian iris .
once , clara pulled just the front part back into two thin plaits , letting the rest of my hair fall down around my shoulders , placing tiny , white , star - shaped flowers around my crown like a wreath .
i walked towards the blossoms i had seen in the distance , hoping they would be wild apple .
he sat down under the blossoms .
so joseph and i i said , following a single blossom twirling to the ground .
the curtain of blossoms fell more rapidly to the earth as i pushed through them .
letting my eyes follow one blossom , drowsily wandering to the earth , picking up minute winds and changing direction .
her aim was slightly off and the ball struck the wall just beside xander , showering him and the room in a blossom of sparks .
the kimono was held in place by a peach - colored , textured - silk obi with some kind of large , reddish flowers on a light brown branch and a cord the same color as the deepest blue of the kimono .
the garden was mrs . montereys most cherished place in the whole house ; it had all sorts of flowers and charming stone benches scattered around .
it looked a lot like her mothers garden , only this one seemed to be somewhat enchanted , with exotic , breathtaking flowers all over the place and a double wooden swing , similar to the one where she talked to leon , standing on the center of it all facing a fountain with a cherub statue on the top .
michael extended the flowers to her , but beth just rolled her eyes and folded her arms to make it clear that she was not going to touch them .
i imagined the parts of the house i had nt seen in four weeks covered in tinsel and ceramic ornaments ; fake flower arrangements on every side table , my moms favorite native american wind instrument christmas cd on repeat .
and the flowers .
the flower stood there , dull , static .
he took some marbles from the bowl , gluing them like seeds along the bud of a flower made of a broken mirror .
dark trunks splaying into these pale blossoms , the petals swirling and spilling to the ground like snow .
and if one of his classmates is there dropping off flowers and does nt recognize you ?
pulling into the driveway revealed a beautiful garden in the back with an arched trellis laden with purple flowers .
the all - consuming fire that blossoms under her touch spins me around .
she touched the flowers in order to remove them , but under her touch the dead flowers had become ash .
he said pointing to the blue and green azalea flower .
two men , two women , all visitors from their clothes and baskets of food and flowers .
chapter 5 woke up back in bed in the same room only now , there were balloons , cards , flowers and candy piled everywhere .
the whole room was crammed full of goodies and flowers and people .
so i woke up only when i was ensconced in my new room and when i was aware enough to really see , it was a girls room with pretty blue flowers , frilly curtains , posters of current heartthrobs .
the smell was heady , almost overpowering and bees buzzed overhead , pollinating the flowers .
the air was slightly muggy , a faint breeze carrying the scent of the river over the flowers .
a tiny field covered in flowers , bees , and dragonflies surrounded it , giving it an almost magical feeling .
a tree with pink blossoms made a beautiful backdrop , and the sun glinted off the diamonds on the sticks in her bun .
the night breeze picked up some petals off the nearby blossom trees and blew them in a dancing swirl around the pair , playing with their hair and adding to the soft beauty of the scene .
it was much like the rooms before it except there was a low table in the center and the floor was covered with a white rug decorated with silver flower designs .
the lanterns were a curve of light in the darkness , and malin could almost see laughter floating down upon the guests like blossoms .
lon had looked up from the pages of the scroll karis had placed before him , yellowed pages , fragile as springs first flower .
when it came to rest , there was a white flower to put in deirdres hair .
blossoms strewed her way and rolan , the minstrel with the silver harp , played his way into esfalia , into the squares of the small villages , then into the gathering places of the towns that grew larger the closer she came to the sea .
it was september , yet all about was still the green of blade and leaf , the pink and gold of flowers .
a sharp breeze was on his face , and cares dropped away as he ran , like blossoms falling behind .
it was decorated with gorgeous flowers in vases on the tables .
the room we were taken to had salmon colored walls , a chandelier made from crystals , and yellow flowers with a white table cloth covering the table .
although he had said next to nothing , he 'd given her flowers , candy and a teddy bear .
just because the flower came from wind does nt mean that it would spare me of my usual reaction to these horrid living things !
from where my hand landed , a plant slowly sprouted and continued growing until a flower showed .
i was staring at a red rose , some of the petals were already opened , but mostly the flower was still a bud .
one by one , the flowers started to grow .
then daisies , sunflowers , birds of paradise , azaleas flowers of all kinds .
the flowers started to grow and bloom , travelling across the land , covering the ground with the delicious shades of spring , stretching as far as my eyesight could reach until around me , all i could see was a sea of flowers .
rows of bushes appeared to be braided on either side of the driveway , and weeds dared not disturb the alternating patches of red and purple flowers .
lush foliage and brightly colored flowers vied for a space near the water .
standing in his dark home office , david lingered over his wedding picture , smiling at his younger , nave self , adorned with a crown of white flowers .
along the way the sight of the palm trees and the scent of the tropical flowers permeated him , and , overcome with emotion , he stopped more than once to dab his eyes .
a lush blanket of green grass grew underfoot , whilst flowers of every colour and size wound their way through bushes ; climbing across giant tree roots , bursting from the ground as if the trees were trying to break free from the earth .
he walked on for a while , treading carefully so as not to disturb the small birds and millions of butterflies covering the blankets of flowers that grew abundantly across every surface , his eyes drawn to the yellow vines that glistened in the sunshine as they entwined themselves across the forest floor ; sudden flickers making him jump as he convinced himself they were moving whenever he turned away .
the mass of flowers were crushed into the ground , staining the soil like blood .
what was it lizzie thought , her eyes scanning the trees and bushes surrounding them , but seeing nothing and then there just in front of them , high up in a branch filled with dark yellow flowers she spotted it : two large eyes peering down at them inquisitively ?
the whole clearing was alive with colour ; hundreds of flowers in every shade blanketed the ground , some reaching high up into the treetops others creeping along the surface but all in perfect harmony , a symphony of life .
directly opposite lizzie there was a small pathway hidden beneath the most unusual flowers she had ever seen .
mesmerised by the beauty she could nt resist stepping onto the path which ran like a walkway through the patch of flora that towered high over her head ; slowly running her hands through the silky softness of the leaves , when she realised that they were nt individual large flowers but were made up of hundreds of tiny petals all grouped together .
she was nt sure , but something felt different this time , the air was thicker , sweeter ; like the smell of overpowering flowers , threatening to smother her and she suddenly felt dizzy .
the effect was dazzling as the stairs never quite touching reached the pinnacle and fanned out like the petals of a flower , capturing the sunlight at its centre like an old fashioned torch , in a hero story .
play guitar , sing on stage with hundreds of fan girls hurling flowers at me , but for the life of me , a challenge such as this , randomly picking a girl and giving her a kiss now that has me shaking in my boots .
i did nt know clare had such good taste in prom dresses , she exclaims , touching the round white and blue flowers on my dress .
the nightly ocean floods the landscape with salt eating away the fertile soil , the pretty flowers , the green grass , the food crops .
among the passengers were several squat , black - eyed babies running between feet while playing odd wind instruments that blew out petunias , chrysanthemums , ambrosias , and an assortment of other flowers .
daniel started to drift from the party , his attention drawn away by a yellow flower with a purple tongue bobbing up and down .
daniel touched the wrinkled edge of the flower petal .
the flower closed and opened .
within seconds , he was smothered in pulsing flowers .
the stingersthere are stingers in the flowers .
flower pedals and fruit seeds .
brandy put her fingers up to touch the budding flower and uncurling leaves .
brandy moaned again and moved her hand to the flower .
there were innumerable interspaced trees and cropped grass carpeting the ground and sweet - smelling flowers and wild animals and things of that natural sort .
jamisons face was covered in budding , orange flowers .
his thoughts returned to that morning and his arrival with the others , it had seemed like a lifetime ago when the flash had brought them to the great heather clad opening surrounded by trees , the thick dense carpet of purple pink colour and the heady smell of the flowers .
i realise its a flower of some kind with a flat silver head , like a piece of silver foil has been impaled on its stem .
the objects were an odd assortment of carved animals , buttons , feathers , flowers , braided cloth , necklaces of bone and the last , a large wooden plate placed above his hands , i wonder of the significance of such items , i knew that ancient people tended to be buried with their worldly goods or items to assist them in the afterlife , some of these objects had me puzzled , i try to hold a mental picture of what i have seen , when the time was right i would ask alice .
cadence gestured to her hot pink dress with large tie dye colored sun flowers on it .
some sat perched on branches while others were fashioned to ornate porcelain flowers .
a festive bouquet full of various fall flowers lay in the bend of karas arm .
i know the talisman who whips up the little concoction of pheromones , flowers , andrubies .
though the room was very bright and full of beautiful flowers , it seemed cold and dismal .
a subtle scent of flowers with a hint of spice filled the air .
peyton and darius followed eve as she walked into a small clearing , filled with flowers of various vibrant colors , shapes and sizes .
peyton slowed down to admire a row of flowers that were almost as tall as she was .
when she first looked , they appeared to be violet , but as she moved , the color of the flower seemed to change .
eve gestured all around them , to the tall trees , the soft grass , the beautiful flowers that surrounded them .
darius stared out across the beautiful field of flowers , listening to the breeze rustle the leaves of the trees and watching the flowers sway gently .
she held two sets of flowers in her hand .
the curtains were drawn shut , of course , and there were plenty of flowers , swathes of white linen and lace and two candles burning in front of a picture of the sacred heart .
the steel and glass of the building shone like a bauhaus blossom , its windows tilted at various angles to break the september sun into so many mosaic pieces .
we stroll arm and arm along the purple - painted balcony of birds and flowers towards a set of double doors .
the gardens contain flowers and vines of rainbow colors and aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals such as doves , pigeons , squirrels , and rabbits .
over the wall is a forest of overgrown trees , numerous plants , bushy bushes , assorted wild flowers , flying insects , chirping birds , jumping squirrels , running rabbits , and hunting foxes .
children dash to the slow moving air ship tossing in candy bits and handing me flowers .
i stand on the opposite wall between ran and jess , exhaling and worrying about the citizens , the animals , the insects , the flowers , the trees , the clouds rann views his boots then the nobles .
a meadow of pretty flowers shown in every color of the rainbow , sniffs .
inside the tomb there are dead and fossilized flowers , glass containers of petrified candy , and jewelry : diamonds , rubies , sapphires and emeralds , and other precious semi - stones .
more importantly , i see the newest ugly growth of purple weeds and black flowers from the radiated pod seeds engulfing the solar equipment and climbing the filters of the ecosphere , itself .
if you trample the flowers , you receive zero points .
leena 's were those of a princess , painted with images of flowers and jewels as they swirled up her skinny arms .
curious , jinji closed her eyes , picturing trees and grass , sunlight filtering through leaves , the gentle patter of a stream , and the flutter of a butterfly hovering over the bright red of a flower .
new memories were blossoming like flowers in the back of her mind , growing , spreading , taking up space .
a table , two chairs , a bouquet of flowers , and some candles were set up for our dinner .
we still have to finish these flowers and advance onto human subjects before we can even think about moving mountains , much less rocks !
she loved the library and had a pretty garden there , her favorite flowers were violets .
it is a platinum necklace , with over the top fuchsia gemstone flowers with tiny tiffany blue centers , along with delicate drop earrings and a bracelet to match .
there are clay colored stones and fountains everywhere and perfectly manicured flowers and vines growing all around us its beautiful !
it is relaxing to sit here and watch the life blossom around me , watch time march towards its goal .
i try to gather my scattered thoughts , which are blowing around in my mind like gust blown flower petals .
he followed his gaze to the colorful flowers blooming in front of him .
if only there s something that could take me from reality i muttered to the flowers .
she sat straight and gazed at the flowers .
we watched the birds fly around , circling the garden with their lovely tweets , while the flowers glowed brilliantly in the sunlight .
the flowers proved that .
i m wearing short kimono sleeves , patterned with yellow flowers and cherry blossoms .
i m wearing short kimono sleeves , patterned with yellow flowers and cherry blossoms .
the plain flowers were replaced by new ones .
chapter 8 i sat on the garden bench , surrounded by indigo flowers near the trees .
cherry blossom petals loomed across us , dancing and swaying in the wind .
cherry blossom trees stood on my right , branches buried by beautiful pink petals .
to my right , she was staring at the cherry blossom flowers , showering us with petals .
to my right , she was staring at the cherry blossom flowers , showering us with petals .
her green emerald eyes sparked when she smiled , appreciating the flowers and opened her palm , where a single cherry blossom petal dropped .
because i know that chrysanthemum flowers bring luck to people and heal the sick .
a cherry blossom petal .
i saw a cherry blossom when i was locked up as prisoner in one of their rooms .
bright light glowed from the portal , and sucked us to a swirling vortex full of flowers and beautiful skies .
behind the tree , surrounded with vivid flowers , i saw a shadow moved .
the flowers disintegrated into millions of petals , and fluttered in the middle field .
many of the plants were colourful and flowers bloomed all around them .
it had shiny green leaves and was covered in enormous golden flowers with bright red centres .
the entire bush convulsed and the large flower closed , with surprising speed and strength , tight on the tip of his spear .
branches with other flowers flexed towards the spear and soon a dozen of them had clamped about the end of the shaft .
` ` each flower has a poison needle inside of it , '' stave explained .
a vial of liquid here , a jar of sand there , a wilting flower here , a box of seeds there .
the absence of flowers piqued denises curiosity .
susan steadied her hand for another cut , but the botkin unfolded like a flower before steel touched skin .
* * * seven - fifty five apple blossom lane was an address inside the apple blossom trailer park near the marina .
* * * seven - fifty five apple blossom lane was an address inside the apple blossom trailer park near the marina .
there s a large brick - paved roundabout and in the center stands a handful of washington palms , surrounded by yellow and blue flowers that i do nt know the names of .
behind their home is a large murky lake , with lily pads and hot pink flowers floating on the surface .
the valley is deep , green and gorgeous with trees , rivers and flowers throughout .
there were ivy vines and flowers gracefully etched into the soft metal , and an inlay of what looked to be a silver metal though heavily tarnished to highlight the dark gold .
its resting on glowing coals and there are clothes soaking in water that smells like a concoction of fragrant flowers and herbs .
she reaches up to touch the tiny flowers that adorn her hair .
the moon grows cool lush flowers and forests for hunting earth mammals for both clothing and meats .
the flower bushes are smeared petals of blue , red , and orange .
name the color and source of heated energy that feeds the plants , flowers , beasts , species , and humans for survival ?
i exhale being stuck as watcher while my best buds and blossoms have finished their academic imprisonment duty for the afternoon .
she is a first prime , my best blossom .
they experience bouts of rage and fury when ticked off and engage in actions of direct vindication and bloody revenge for their buds and blossoms , unofficially rumored .
they sacrifice willingly their fun - time with their blossoms to attend to all their family duties .
okay , ya talked me into it , blossom .
i was the quick draw in the pit during our battle match , blossom , oxbow chuckles and climbs upon the level dropping the ropes .
they eat everything plant stems , flower petals , animal tails , mammal bones , humanoid feet , and disgusting other non - digestible things that i will not mention in mixed company .
koosbay studies tarn who is securely wrapped his biceps around his best blossom , a term for girlfriend .
when a girl is your only female companion she is your best blossom .
foxi is tarns best blossom , female companion .
voxi is his best blossom and first prime along with her litter mate foxi .
she would be the best blossom for tarn so they could spend their eternal lives together and besting her twin horse - faced sister ceffee .
she s wane , my fine blossom voxi .
she s nimtarts best blossom .
planets : chamme : eastern planet , one moon , and two dwarf stars detz , western planet , cold sea home of the octopus - like species fwtang : eastern planetoid and four moons and one dwarf star , home of princess teton garon : western planet , cool and humid home of the wolf - like species gesclide : western planet , ice and cold home of the rat - like species harrogate : western planet , warm and dry home of the zebra - like species koorskis : planet in the middle of intragalaxy , mild and mellow home of the golden beer and humans lavan : smallest stationary moon and closest to the eastern edge of the galaxy , home of aubie and duce mercian : western planet , one moon and closest to the sun , hot and humid home of dihe headquarters purpat , western planet , hot and humid home of the bee - like species the pit : dihe arena of competition fighting thurrock : western planet , warm and wet home of the sliders characters : apifo , bee - like species , four inches short , yellow skin aviion , bird - like species , eight inches short , curly dark red hair budi driver : person operates a body uniform defense implacement robot canini , wolf - like species , six feet tall , brown fur , sharp fangs dihe master : male dihe adult dihe mistress : female dihe adult dihe : supernatural being with white colored ejon on finger nails and toe nails feliux , cat - species , six feet tall , ebony skin and colored markings , a long tail first prime : female or male dihe teenager high dihe master : male dihe leader high dihe mistress : female dihe leader mustela , ferret - like species , white and tan fur , eight feet tall , smelly musky body odor noti : an isolated human clan of ejon touchers living on mercian pacderdom , elephant - like species , white curly hair and red tusk primeling : female or male dihe toddler rogentila , rat - like species , four feet tall with purple skin and pink welts of poison second prime : female or male dihe youngster singa , monkey - like species , seven feet tall , no tail , orange fur theria , zebra - like species , mane and tail , four hoofs , green hair , crooked kneecaps toucher : person holds the touch of ejon on finger nails and toe nails vilo : mysterious and unknown supernatural beings with colored ejon ( purple , blue , green , etc ) on finger nails and toes nails phrases : bato : weapon and tool of the dihe tribe best blossom : best friend of girl or girlfriend to a male best bud : bestest friend of boy or boyfriend to a female blossom : friend of girl bud : friend of boy budi : robot shaped like a human without skull and shoulders and chest cambeam : transmission of an image or data from a camtube or cammic cammic : telephone campad : computer camtube : television choker : hot dog cockshuts : quail coturn : pig cruncher : chocolate candy bar dack : darn doofur : dork doughies : donuts dust bannies : dust bunnies echino : star fish ejon : glowing fingernails and toenails of dihe and vilo fisser : soda hof : house jo - jo doll : toy doll of female toddler lumpie : potato chips mower : cow mu - mu chick : wingless song birds noob : fool noot : need to ejon it pacer : flies over land rover : rovers on land scooter : underwater body boat shives : money slider : snake spinner : outer space ship traveling from planet to planet tag : dihe physical and mental test of current prime rank toar : toad touch : supernatural power of ejon with glowing fingernails and toenails trawler : worms wane : cool coin of the realm part i by r.g .
planets : chamme : eastern planet , one moon , and two dwarf stars detz , western planet , cold sea home of the octopus - like species fwtang : eastern planetoid and four moons and one dwarf star , home of princess teton garon : western planet , cool and humid home of the wolf - like species gesclide : western planet , ice and cold home of the rat - like species harrogate : western planet , warm and dry home of the zebra - like species koorskis : planet in the middle of intragalaxy , mild and mellow home of the golden beer and humans lavan : smallest stationary moon and closest to the eastern edge of the galaxy , home of aubie and duce mercian : western planet , one moon and closest to the sun , hot and humid home of dihe headquarters purpat , western planet , hot and humid home of the bee - like species the pit : dihe arena of competition fighting thurrock : western planet , warm and wet home of the sliders characters : apifo , bee - like species , four inches short , yellow skin aviion , bird - like species , eight inches short , curly dark red hair budi driver : person operates a body uniform defense implacement robot canini , wolf - like species , six feet tall , brown fur , sharp fangs dihe master : male dihe adult dihe mistress : female dihe adult dihe : supernatural being with white colored ejon on finger nails and toe nails feliux , cat - species , six feet tall , ebony skin and colored markings , a long tail first prime : female or male dihe teenager high dihe master : male dihe leader high dihe mistress : female dihe leader mustela , ferret - like species , white and tan fur , eight feet tall , smelly musky body odor noti : an isolated human clan of ejon touchers living on mercian pacderdom , elephant - like species , white curly hair and red tusk primeling : female or male dihe toddler rogentila , rat - like species , four feet tall with purple skin and pink welts of poison second prime : female or male dihe youngster singa , monkey - like species , seven feet tall , no tail , orange fur theria , zebra - like species , mane and tail , four hoofs , green hair , crooked kneecaps toucher : person holds the touch of ejon on finger nails and toe nails vilo : mysterious and unknown supernatural beings with colored ejon ( purple , blue , green , etc ) on finger nails and toes nails phrases : bato : weapon and tool of the dihe tribe best blossom : best friend of girl or girlfriend to a male best bud : bestest friend of boy or boyfriend to a female blossom : friend of girl bud : friend of boy budi : robot shaped like a human without skull and shoulders and chest cambeam : transmission of an image or data from a camtube or cammic cammic : telephone campad : computer camtube : television choker : hot dog cockshuts : quail coturn : pig cruncher : chocolate candy bar dack : darn doofur : dork doughies : donuts dust bannies : dust bunnies echino : star fish ejon : glowing fingernails and toenails of dihe and vilo fisser : soda hof : house jo - jo doll : toy doll of female toddler lumpie : potato chips mower : cow mu - mu chick : wingless song birds noob : fool noot : need to ejon it pacer : flies over land rover : rovers on land scooter : underwater body boat shives : money slider : snake spinner : outer space ship traveling from planet to planet tag : dihe physical and mental test of current prime rank toar : toad touch : supernatural power of ejon with glowing fingernails and toenails trawler : worms wane : cool coin of the realm part i by r.g .
i ve never seen so many flowers everywhere .
every color flower was there , from blues and purples to reds and yellows to whites and pinks .
it was like fireworks had exploded into flowers and scattered them over this yard .
i asked , still staring at the gorgeous flowers .
the same stunning riot of colors from the front yard was mirrored here , except that the flowers might have been bigger , if that was even possible .
ignoring my friend , i reached out to touch the blossoms .
it smelled sweet outside , like tall grass and flowers with just a hint of ocean , and i enjoyed breathing it in .
some of their lights are even in the shape of flowers .
in his hand were several small flowers .
she turned around and started to snap something at him , but saw the flowers and instantly softened .
he presented her with the flowers and a dazzling smile lit her face .
you could smell the flowers .
she was wearing pastel colors today : pink shorts and a yellow top with tiny blue flowers along the sleeves , plus oversized sunglasses .
in the glow of the moonlight the whole field beyond the lake came alight with flowers , as if each one had electricity that had been turned on .
he had brought each of us a small bunch of flowers .
the flowers were withered and black , as if a fire had raged and burned them all away .
all around me was the sweet smell of flowers .
just then peter appears with a group of random flowers in his hand and offers them to kylie .
my heart skipped one , one two , two three times as my imaginative mind broke all the walls of this place and sent both of us at the center of falling cherry blossoms .
i could see flowers , and butterflies flying .
its a lovely view , especially in spring when the grass is bright green and all the flowers are blooming .
they are taking photos one after another as they receive bunches of flowers , congratulation cards with cash stuffed inside and several glittery blingblings being adorned around their necks .
it feels great to have everyone want to hug me , adorn me with the ugly blingblings , take a photo with me and as for those with heavier wallets , buy me flowers and shake my hand with money , literally .
my safe haven smelled of lotus flowers and sunshine .
he swung his right arm around and presented me with a delicate lotus flower .
he smiled , and handed me the delightfully scented lotus flower .
the lotus flower was very important to my people .
the flowers seemed more vibrant in color .
as i reached the bottom of the stairs , i noticed the whole first floor was decorated in gorgeous blooming flowers and tables topped with clay bowls that were filled with a colorful array of fruits and vegetables .
it was blooming with flowers and fruit trees .
at dusk , everyone met in the center of town and brought a lotus flower and some brought silver pots with candles in the middle .
the captivating colors of the lotus flowers and the calming flicker of the candles created a peaceful and beautiful scene .
he brought a small child sized boat , and had filled it with large , stunning lotus flowers .
he was romantic at first , bringing me flowers and drinks every morning in school .
thank you so much for those amazing flowers and heartfelt note .
there were flowers , large fruit trees and candles placed throughout the yard .
the tops of the curved candleholders were adorned with brass shaped leaves , in the shape of a blooming flower .
the pictures displayed an entranceway just outside the home , adorned with a cobblestone pathway , and colorful flowers on each side .
i d always dreamt about living in a small community town , with white christmases and picturesque , colorful fall trees , and aromatic spring flowers .
it was an old clay bowl in the shape of a lotus flower .
he held the clay bowl in the shape of a lotus flower .
these apartment homes were nestled in their own quiet , gated community that was adorned with cobblestone streets , and exotic flowers and trees that surrounded the entire property .
we walked across the cobblestone street to a quaint apartment with a small walkway lined with red and yellow flowers .
echo stood there with a bouquet of blooming pink and cream - colored lotus flowers .
echo stated as he held out the bouquet of flowers .
i lifted the cream - colored flower and saw writing on the front page that read lotus love .
shed vowed that if she possessed the power , she would one day reunite zahra and jahir , and that one day the union will be validated by the lotus flower , a powerful symbol in her day .
the entrance was adorned in large fancy vases filled with flowers .
the floor was lined with flower petals , and on each of the night stands were bowls filled with water and floating lotus flowers .
the floor was lined with flower petals , and on each of the night stands were bowls filled with water and floating lotus flowers .
` ` becky , what did i say about too many flowers , '' said susie , pushing a blond strand behind her ear , happy she was n't stuck with curls .
revel planted a tiny seedling of doubt into my mind , and once it took root , it began to choke the blossoms of trust i d developed for the alexander family .
they voiced their appreciation , sarah of the flowers and lizard , drew of the whole picture the view presented .
look at the flowers !
there were even more wild flowers than when drew had been there before .
there were clumps of cerulean blue flowers scattered around the base .
tall pines encircled the tiny glade , feathery ferns and pockets of flowers dotted the grass and led up to the waters edge , the pool itself a clear , unbroken surface except for the still figure standing in a shaft of greenish light .
i felt something blossom inside me like a mushroom cloud , filling me with an inner fire .
the hallways in the building were very old fashioned with an odd carpet - like wall covering printed with magnolia flowers and dark mahogany baseboards .
patches of tall green grass , sprinkled with bright white flowers , dance in the light alfalfa breeze .
i move my paintbrush in a sweeping movement to the melody of songbirds and the hum of honeybees buzzing from flower to flower .
aimee 's words hang in the air with the smell of gardenia flowers , her bright eyes full of passion .
` ` the bee eventually comes by and lands on the flower , '' she 'd told me .
aimee takes the flowers and sniffs .
the red flowers are bolder , the browns richer .
not even looking at isaac , he began casting tiny embers all around them in the field , no bigger than a flower , just sitting upon the grass , waiting for their master to demand they bloom .
there were sand slides and dancing clouds , cotton candy flowers and insects traveling from one kid to another , delivering messages .
amongst the lush foliage were flowers , huge and colourful , competing for attention ; botanical structures which defied the imagination : a lily pad across which a man might walk ; trees which towered hundreds of feet skywards ; grasses growing so densely and tall that they formed an impenetrable barrier .
look , this is dandelion she explained , showing her the yellow flowers she had just picked .
the root and stem help with stomach problems and the flower , when cooked with sugar , can make a good cough medicine .
wow , and there are people who spend loads in pharmacies luna muttered , bending over to look at the flowers closer .
a few meters ahead , she opened her eyes and looked upon the green bush with blue flowers .
they d once seen the flowers in full bloom , now it was as if every small thing in this place had been alive and death took great pleasure in killing it , slowly .
a few of them , generally those children on the cusp of adulthood , were cutting sprigs from hedgerows bursting with blossom .
if they brought any flower , any bowl , any implement , up into the room , then with a touch olwen would sense its vibrations , its flux , its connections with all life around it : and , as in a swirling of stars , like hawthorn blossom stripped and raised higher and higher in a whirling wind , its very threads of being would leap into her hands .
around its base , however , like a sheen of covering flesh , a milky band of hovering hawthorn blossom threw out branches that spread , intertwined , weaving into an almost impassable barrier .
she was standing on a lion , holding lotus blossom and serpents in her hands .
sensing the sweetness of the flower , the serpent rose out of the water and snatched it away , immediately sloughing its skin and returning to the well .
she stopped by a hawthorn bush , mumbling a quiet prayer , asking permission of the goddess before carefully snapping off a gorgeous sprig of pure white blossom .
the women who were nt sweating over the roasting cooking fires were dressing everything they could in boughs burgeoning with blossom or berries , adding bright flowers from the fields to their decorations .
the women who were nt sweating over the roasting cooking fires were dressing everything they could in boughs burgeoning with blossom or berries , adding bright flowers from the fields to their decorations .
in their place , are simple framed photographs of flowers .
most parents and family members in the audience are holding flowers and balloons for their graduate .
mom is holding flowers and a balloon .
i look at damiens muscular back and catch a whiff of what smells like fresh flowers mixed with water .
there s a stream ahead but i do nt see any flowers .
there s a big gray vase centerpiece filled with fragrant white flowers .
it has a sweetheart neckline and engraved flowers accented with beads all over it .
those flowers are gorgeous !
as he came up the walk , he stared at the rainbow of blossoms and shook his head .
do the flowers mean only your beautiful thoughts make it in ?
todd pointed to a blue - purple cone shape flower .
todd stepped over to a tall , deep - pink flower and gave it a whiff .
her fragrance demanding immediate attention , resembled a sweet smell , like blossoms of flowers , if that is possible ?
her fragrance demanding immediate attention , resembled a sweet smell , like blossoms of flowers , if that is possible ?
it was much like a southern plantation : a massive front yard , beautifully manicured with flowers abundant .
sometimes lola stared at the flowers and thought about her children .
throwing off the birds and the bees , literally , so that eventually flowers do n't get pollinated and the whole ecosystem breaks down .
he tried to counter by repeating some of the things he remembered rosa had said , about the truth of the world being found within a single flower , and the meaning of life in the smile of a baby .
the tree was laden with blossoms .
then he knew that she was healed , and the sun warmed them as they lay together under the apple tree and the blossoms glowed like snow .
two flowering pear trees in front of the church across the street had all but completely exchanged their exquisite white spring flowers for shiny green leaves .
he recalled he had disagreed with renees decorative choices for jennifers room : lilac - colored walls sprinkled with yellow butterflies and flowers , forest green carpet , ensemble cast of dolls and stuffed animals perched on the built - in shelves , white furniture , and so on .
while jayson was satisfied to have a couple of very close friends and a handful as acquaintances , he noticed that renee constantly sought the approval of others , courting friendships like a fluttering bee seeking flowers .
she wore thick glasses and a simple , long blue dress spotted with small , white flowers .
the wooden porch was bordered by a row of bushes that blossomed small white flowers at certain times of the year .
niti said , smiling as she handed me a bouquet of flowers .
he extended the flower to me .
i looked down at the rich , ruby - red flower in awe .
they re hardy red and violet flowers .
the golden , full moon rose in the distance , and the wind had picked up flower petals that floated scenically in the sky .
i wore a different tunic now , a mirror reflection of mothers previous design in white rather than dark grey with scarlet flowers .
small plants had sprouted with tiny flower buds .
seeing a batch of flowers , she walked over to them .
the girl picked the flowers and showed them to the wolf .
the wolf wondered , looking at the flowers .
the girl offered the flowers .
one of which , a dove , returned with an olive blossom in its mouth .
it was a cloudy day in early spring when the flowers were just starting to bloom .
i woke up the next morning to a smashed vase in the living room and fresh flowers on the table .
she saw that all the flowers were in bloom even the ones that bloomed in different seasons , all the lilies she so loved , the orientals , with their intense aromas , even the daffodils and tulips .
anything that needs water to live , birds , grass , insect , snakes , caterpillars , flowers , trees they are all forms of life , we need water too .
surprisingly though , as we watched , my terror began to give way to a little blossom of told - you - so .
as i chewed , i watched rosemary pick an everlasting daisy from the few flowers remaining around garlic .
on a square of living room carpet , surrounded by drooping , lifeless flowers and the burnt out remnants of candles , lies garlic , the murdered goat .
rosemary raced ahead into the yard , licking up fallen frangipani blossoms and , as we left the stairs , amalthea formed her lips into a shhhh ! .
that meant that the experience , the scene , the faces , all waited somewhere in her mind , and one day , perhaps while she was walking down the street , minding her business , it could very possibly just open out , like a bloody flower .
she brought all them fake flowers right after .
then he carefully divided out a sheaf of his blossoms and laid them against the base of hershel 's stone .
lotus flowers lay strewn all about her .
ordinarily , this landscape was an endless sea of rich green grasses , highlighted by flowers of every color .
a striped bee with indigo eyes appeared and settled on a large purple flower .
open plains sprouted with flowers , fields of grass , and plants of all kinds .
there was always an admirer waiting for her at the stage door with flowers .
at home everybody was waiting in the sitting room , with champagne and caviar on the table , which was decorated with flowers and bathed in candlelight .
every evening there were lots and lots of flowers delivered to kiras dressing room , and admirers waited to get an autograph .
there were some people at the door of her dressing room , holding flowers and photos to sign .
the hotels in that part of sochi were grandiose , with columns and mosaic floors , and gardens planted with palm trees and exotic flowers .
there were flowers and fruit and cold drinks , and they were taken to sochi in a cool well ventilated volga car .
at five it was , why do flowers and birds and snakes and trees and people and everything but rocks grow ?
gold and red butterflies fluttered about , lighting on pink and white blossoms of the oleanders .
atels voice seemed monotone , no more comprehensible than the hum of a bee laboring from blossom to blossom .
atels voice seemed monotone , no more comprehensible than the hum of a bee laboring from blossom to blossom .
the priest prepared hibiscus and orange blossom tea and poured it into decorative ceramic goblets .
the afternoon was particularly beautiful , and the late spring breeze blew a sweet odor of fresh blossoms through the air .
do you know , ketzah kowato , she said , picking a cluster of bright orange flowers , that this plant could save you from pneumonia ?
ketzah lay on his stomach and swished his hand in the water , causing the lotus blossoms to bob with the ripples .
doorways and window frames were covered with flowers ; children blew flutes and pounded drums and rattled shells in the streets while people , young and old , danced to the rhythms .
a breeze blew a perfume of citrus blossoms through the air .
it was hard to concentrate with warm air sweetened by citrus blossoms wafting up over the stone wall from somewhere in the area , circulating through the temple courtyard and into the window .
she plucked an orange blossom from a branch and savored its fragrance .
he took the blossom from her and fixed it in her headband , over her ear .
no one could see them behind the orange tree , thick with blossoms and glossy leaves .
she bent her thick frame over to bury her nose in a blossom , then closed her eyes to inhale .
a small blossom fell from her head and she tucked it back into one of her thick braids , which were adorned with other flowers and shells .
a small blossom fell from her head and she tucked it back into one of her thick braids , which were adorned with other flowers and shells .
a breeze blew softly and he noticed the oleanders swaying , their pink blossoms attracting several bright orange butterflies the size of a mans head .
she studied the blossom , then replaced it in the water .
mu is a warm , sunny place , blessed with waterfalls and rivers , more food that we can eat , colorful , scented flowers everywhere and beauty beyond description .
ketzah nodded in agreement and looked over the estateits extensive yard , the arbors of wisteria and grapes , the flower - bordered paths , marble benches , columns and statuary , all leading down to the shady portico attached to the house .
the new one had two new kids and a new wife and a new house in san francisco , a big house with a wrap - around porch and purple flowers hanging and columns overlooking the bay .
his taxi dashboard featured an impressive collection of buddhist items including several statues and garlands of flowers .
yes , everything has a spirit , every flower , tree , bird , insect , every person and everything that surrounds us .
this flower will take you to new places , new thoughts , new beginnings and that flower will multiply into many flowers and blooms for others to see , touch and smell .
this flower will take you to new places , new thoughts , new beginnings and that flower will multiply into many flowers and blooms for others to see , touch and smell .
once as he had done , but a little later in the year , so the visit coincided with the erupting of blossoms from ornamental cherries heralding the coming of the spring .
he walked away from the canal toward a village set within coconut palms and cassia trees , some in golden flower .
but at his stage in his life , his love for someone else shielded by fear of commitment , he instead directed his emotions to that of nature , the birds in the trees , flowers and plants , animals on the ground , and the joys of being present within the wonderland of creation .
it was a garden of no flowers , only of plants and lawn and trees positioned and used to create scenes to view rather than touch .
wednesday came around and village activity in sanur was on the up , the making of decorations , some attached to bamboo canes for placement at the entries to places of business , the daily offerings becoming more elaborate and frequently refreshed , and the burning of incense and presentations of flowers such as the hibiscus or frangipani .
a sense of harmony and connectedness was prevailing , the burning of incense , ceremony , images of the shrine , fruit and flowers , food , colour , chatter in the background and the sun cast overhead .
charged full of that same hidden energy welling from within that constitutes one of the most characteristic features of classic indian art , each blossom with a gentle , yet rich , vitality .
like her sisters , she wore no upper garments other than the silver bracelets on each arm , and the many cords , and chains around her neck , some of which fell loosely between her breasts , and called even greater attention to them and their painted nipples and the leaves and flowers drawn and colored around each one .
desire found him seated among flowers ; scarlet hibiscus , sweet smelling spider - lilies , and bright butter yellow allamandas in the same place and positionthe exact samein which she had left him .
reflecting upon the significance of this change , he composed , for himself , two thousand years before the birth of zen , the first koan ; spring does not become summer , blossoms do not become fruit ; how can one come to a new point of view ?
it was there , at the time of year when flowers close that gotama siddhartha arrived at the hilly grove and , recognizing the immovable spot , settled into the shade of a particular tree .
in a state of joy and wonder , gotama watches as all the weaponry of an army of ogres transforms ; turning into lotus blossoms falls to the ground around him as if in tribute .
if the reader can imagine the flash of siddharthas recognition of the same eternal consciousness passing through kama mara as was filling his own being , and the spontaneous expression of loveindistinguishable from compassion towards all that existed , he may perhaps fathom , metaphorically , the falling of flower petals all about him .
closer were shady natural garden pools upon which gently waving colored lotus flowers gleamed , floating .
setting my teeth and pressing my tongue to my palate , ( the pain as if a strap were being twisted around my head , as if a butcher were slowly cutting my forehead with a sharp knife ) were like the path of a broad green meadow covered with luxuriant flowers .
lotus flowers float just level .
groves of oleander , hibiscus bushes in flower , citrus and guava orchards bearing fragrant fruit .
melons , rice , and coconuts on brass trays are passed around by women in bright saris of purple and blue , flowers in their hair .
drawn by an extra sensory perception and by the cooler air that rose off a shallow , wandering mountain stream , gotama found himself at a small blue green pond with lotuses in blossom .
the forest , near the village , was like a happy retreat , cool and silent , with flowers and birds with bowers and huts .
rachel immediately exited the car and wandered over to a side garden to admire the colorful blossoms while her niece continued to sit in the backseat .
like a flower opening to the sun , mary ellen , still half asleep , spread her thighs wider apart , giving william a silent invitation , which he accepted .
he landed face first in the lurays flower bed , lush with hoochie coochie and naked ladies , which added a sweet bouquet to the fragrance of manure .
i expected to walk into a pink wallpapered hospital room filled with flowers and balloons overseen by a proud beaming mother holding a sleeping peaceful infant with harp music in the background watched over by an ecstatic father maniacally snapping an endless series of photographs .
* * * * * * the flowers were a charming , old - fashioned gesture , and amy was nt sure what to make of them .
then , he met her at her door with these flowers .
the fragrant flowers gave off a pungent aroma that reminded paul of maple bars .
an image formed in the swirling colors of a lotus blossom with an uncountable number of petals .
the shrubs were ragged and untrimmed , six to eight feet tall and covered with large white flowers .
the natural aroma therapy of the fragrances of the wild flowers and the smell of the water soothed her mind .
she thought that to her it was a low friendly buzz like that of a bee in the garden flitting from flower to flower .
he stopped at a towering , densely leafed , smooth trunked tree festooned with clumps of white flowers .
the south , with its much smaller population , truly would lose the flower of its youth in this abominable conflict .
bryant sat on one side of the table bedecked with fragrant flowers , jack the other .
the blossom fragrances alone would have been irresistible .
the other women held large bouquets of flowers .
the women then presented the generals with the flowers .
fortunately captain dawson came to the rescue , and relieved the generals of the flowers .
nick pointed at a brightly coloured plant that had leaves the shape of dock leaves and a stunning red clover like flower .
the room was filled with flowers and cards , and a balloon was floating just below the ceiling , secured by a red tape tied to the bed frame .
it was a calm spring night , the air heavy with the scent of the ubiquitous tropical flowers , beaded with moisture from the cloudbursts that had sulked over the hazy , humid day .
the truck moved toward the front gates , which opened via a configuration of hydraulic pistons activated by the security guard in a booth by the street , and then exploded in a blossom of orange fire .
she answered a few emails , ordered flowers to be sent to the mitchell family , and worked for a couple of hours to put finishing touches on a software design .
there were beautiful flowers and bushes with birds singing .
crushed seashells crunched under my feet , palmetto bushes , palm and almond trees , and many species of tropical flowers bordered the path .
they still have beautiful flowers blooming , attracting a tiny green and yellow hummingbird at dusk .
the iridescent tiny green bird hovers , while using its long beak to slurp the nectar from the flowers .
deep lavender flowers on pale green stems blanket the landscape .
miles awash with heavenly violet flowers so thick they look like a carpet extending into forever .
only after it rains on the dessert does it come alive with budding flowers , grass shoots , and the wonderful desert smell of wet sage and sand .
while passing a tiny lush upland meadow , she sniffs the grasses and flower patches .
hummingbirds drink the pollen from the desert flowers , while hawks circle above looking for prey .
many species of desert flowers grow here .
there are yucca , buckwheat , ruby mountain primrose , monte neva paintbrush , milk vetch and scorpion flowers .
flowers bloom , new plant shoots color the rolling hills , and paint the desert landscape with all the beautiful colors of the rainbow .
like dancers they glide and leap about , taking different poses on the flowers and tall stems .
between the rock crevasses are clumps of grass and wild flowers .
the pine cones mature they fall from the tree and open like petals of a blooming flower .
the broken flower peddle like scales are about a half - inch long and a quarter - inch wide .
i can smell burning roots , herbs , and sweet flowers .
brook lowered her eyes and made a show of balancing the flowers in her hand .
it was white with flowers , though still dirty .
if we take a stroll through the park , i could simply pick some of those cherry blossoms off of that tree over there and are you kidding me ?
the mushrooms are so abundant they look like spring flowers growing in a field .
rebecca thinks of her wedding : of her expectations before the day came , the vague hope of flowers and ceremony .
the wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them , and the desert shall rejoice , and blossom as the rose .
breathes in deeply and smells the sweetness of decay , the perfume of flowers and freshly turned earth .
the sun beat through the trees , the views magnificent out across the lake to the right , flashes of meadows to the left ; cows , pastures filled with yellow flowers , glimpses of wooded valleys and ornate wooden cottages .
now , beesely and jane walked knee deep through a huge field of yellow flowers , just a few miles from the castle .
they stopped to inspect a cluster of bright blue flowers .
remember that field in kosovo , flat open field with knee - high flowers , bathed in the moonlight ?
and a blessed sense of humour blossoms forth now and then , too , which helps relieve the tension of the job .
i suppose somebody did actually live there , queried flower .
the scenery was very peaceful , and the combination of pine , weeping willow , and a variety of flowers created an unusually lovely and fresh aroma .
` ` the cards and flowers from the trust board , staff and the girls in cathy 's class were appreciated .
he took the time to smell the flowers and chase the insects , but always kept up with me with the faithful obedience of a canine .
the square was bathing in sunlight , the air light and scented with the blossoms of the nearby orchards .
no longer seen were the yellow blossoms of the agave plants that painted the distant hillsides yellow in mid - summer .
this ` ` shopkeepers '' spice mixture varied from shop to shop and contained a blend of cinnamon , mace flowers , turmeric , nutmeg , coriander , black pepper and more .
be'ya - allegiance ceremony to the king bislema - good bye b'stilla - sweetened pastry containing pigeon or chicken and spices chebakia - flower shaped fried pastry sweetened with honey dar - small guest house without a garden derb - narrow street or alleyway djellaba - long robe with hood favored by moroccan men djinns - genies , spirits in mythology hadra - trance - like state in sufism .
she applied her brakes a little harder than sally and preston could see little blossoms of smoke coming off the tires , but she stopped with about 20 feet to spare , still on the runway .
sometimes cloud rises as if from the cone and you d think it was smoking , then in december the island glows red for weeks when the pohutukawas flower .
it always seemed to be in flower .
she wore a proper blouse but with pyjama trousers , and those expensive flip - flops that have little flowers and jewels on them .
no no , suggesting what kind of flowers , venues , et cetera .
what flowers , venues et cetera ?
amongst these were the distinctive little flowers of toes , and straight lines and right angles where the blood had found its way down into the grout .
he was a little lost lamb grazing in a meadow filled with wild flowers .
he was amazed at how her conversations jumped from subject to subject like a bee to different flowers , how she had really caught him by surprise yesterday , sometimes angering him , sometimes pissing him off and at other times just plain confusing him .
nothing grew there except mosses and golden lichens , which patterned the garnet - coloured bricks of the wall like strange flowers .
the windows were uncurtained , but in each one hung a panel of leaded glass , clear and coloured , in graceful geometric patterns through which twined shapes of leaves and flowers , like vines on a trellis .
here and there were fanciful golden flowers , and insects like dragonflies .
the golden flower , yes , but also the blue flower , the emerald tablet , a progression of colours from black to white to yellow to red .
the golden flower , yes , but also the blue flower , the emerald tablet , a progression of colours from black to white to yellow to red .
there was a pleasant corner off the main campus quadrangle , with a couple of benches , a scrap of lawn and a large rose bush which was just starting to open its fragrant flowers .
he smiled at maxis awed expression as her eyes swept over the ocean of flowers surrounding them .
their eyes never moved from each others as they said i do and when nick bent over to kiss his bride , a thousand lanterns came to life , sparkling like fireflies against the soft velvet of the flowers .
nick smiled in response to the memory , remembering a moment when they d floated past a huge swathe of seaweed and he d plucked up a handful , shook the water off and offered the soggy mess to her like one would a bunch of flowers .
i made sure to send her a bunch of flowers at work a month later , with a card reading ' good choice - thank you ' and a smiley face .
ours just had a limp bouquet of fake flowers in a chipped white vase , and a set of salt and pepper shakers in the shape of the old world trade center .
on the seventh of june , with flowers in full bloom and reparations to market square progressing enthusiastically , ernest , peter , miss foster , lady hutchinson and caroline hutchinson made their way slowly down the steps that led to kingston main port .
white with the trio of blue flowers on the bottom .
no more flower power .
usually she enjoyed the scenerythe houses on tehachapi had front gardens lush with tropical flowers , which made the desert seem more austerebut in her minds eye , all she could see was the image of rileys crumpled body .
its like watching a flower bloom .
it cut through a meadow of devil - grass and budding yellow and white flowers , and continued for a curious stretch before it dead - ended at the base of a grassy knoll , where an oldsmobile and cadillac were parked .
the flowers especially .
were there golden flowers ?
the flowers which have been placed on the graves have all wilted and withered , while some have no flowers at all , just empty vases .
blooming pink , red and purple flowers decorate the garden on both sides of the porch which is filled with rich brown mulch .
i was thinking about davids mom , and how shed sent me flowers after i saved her brothers pinky , which gave me a good idea .
two women got out , one of them holding a bouquet of flowers .
it was a large green pasture with a beautiful assortment of trees and flowers .
he hiked into a small clearing , long grass stirring gently in cool wind , dark blue wild flowers , and a cabin .
sitting on a rock , he scanned his surroundings -- sage , wild flowers , mountains , the eagle soaring .
the resplendent wild flowers meant nothing .
when susan looked closely , she could see that the flowers hid peeling paint and cracks caused by the low - flying aircraft .
one dreary card with pastel flower arrangement on the front had the usual canned sympathy .
a star appeared in the darkening sky , and she remembered their family camping in wyoming , a bear lumbering into a stream and pawing at the water , a moose , and a wide green meadow full of wild flowers .
her father holding her hand , taking her barefoot into the cool grass , and pointing to a bright red flower .
after hours of hiking , his feet wet and feeling frostbitten , he descended into a meadow where wild flowers bloomed red and yellow , and the sun warmed him .
she always wanted to stop and look at the wild flowers while he hiked faster , pushed on harder , as if he were running from her .
susan dropped the flower .
butterflies fluttered from flower to flower and the air already shimmered with the humming of insects .
the central reserve was neatly trimmed with blossoming red flowers .
they walked behind francesca via a small path bordered with tropical plants and flowers .
` ` a mixture of moist , green plants with a sultry smell of earth interlaced with a bouquet of vanilla , tropical flowers and the sharp smell of clove and lavender , '' she declared poetically , ` ` and this path reminds me of something just make sure you do n't fall or we know immediately where the hospital is in this place , '' he replied .
hazel bushes and honeysuckle shrubs formed a natural hedge around the yard and the air was redolent of the sweet smell of late blooming flowers .
all he could see was the mans shadow , a mere silhouette against the brightly lit cherry blossom tree .
as he looked up , the guard raised his baton , another shadow against the pink and purple blossom .
the shadowy baton fell , like a fragment of black blossom , rotten before its time , from the radiant tree .
soro watched it fall , seeming as slow and graceful as the blossom , and pictured the moment when it would strike , and raise a red flower from his skull .
soro watched it fall , seeming as slow and graceful as the blossom , and pictured the moment when it would strike , and raise a red flower from his skull .
he saw the cherry blossom .
but when he d heard about the cherry blossom that had taken new veritys bioengineers a decade to perfect , he d been seized with an overwhelming need to find it , to see it , to take the very first photo by an outsider .
i ca nt leave yet , he said , gazing at the cherry blossom .
he aimed at the cherry tree , resplendent in the luminous pinks and pale purples of its blossom .
if he d had the time , he d like to have moved further away from the cherry tree , and zoomed in from that range , to capture the vivid pink cascade of blossom with the other , less extravagant trees curving around to frame it .
new veritys prize creation had been a thing of sap and cell , of root , bark and blossom .
the beautiful purples and pinks of the blossom shivered in the night breeze , revealing glimpses here and there of twigs , branches , and the bark of the trunk , dark , hard , and able to smash their bones and turn their bodies to sacks of blood soaked pulp .
they had raced through the boughs of the cherry tree , its branches laden with flowering buds of pretty pink blossom .
soro , the girl , they entire jeep , all were sprinkled with blossom .
it came to him as a faint background to the too sweet perfumes of forest flowers , the earthy scent of rotting leaves , and the sickening odour of decaying flesh from the tigers last kill .
triolet wore a subtle french perfume , the essences of a dozen varieties of orchid combined so as to suggest a colourful field of flowers , tall , straight , and unconcerned with human affairs .
now they ' ve got the perfect cherry blossom .
when i shoot a flower or a face , i do n't see pretty yellow petals , or long dark eyelashes .
` ` under the boughs of a tree , with deep , strong roots , and bright pink blossom , eternal blossom .
` ` under the boughs of a tree , with deep , strong roots , and bright pink blossom , eternal blossom .
the blossom drifted from the tree , and settled on the earth .
from time to time a fading blossom drifted down and brushed her braids and ribbons .
it has large yellow trumpet shaped flowers and it only grows in warm climates as far north as florida .
a flower desk , drawer , and enclosed television took up half of the room .
the annuals were in bloom throughout pere lachaise , and as patrick and his fellow black - clad mourners stood solemnly at the foot of the elder dupuy 's grave , the blossoms overhead , delicate and indifferent , swayed softly with the gentle , morning breeze .
stepping gingerly around the grave of a man he did n't know , patrick tore a blossom off the branch of a nearby tree .
the flower was yellow in color , its petals delicate and translucent .
i do n't know , rousseau answered as patrick set the blossom on his father 's headstone .
to a high school girl like me , who worked at the peach blossom dress shop as a clerk and had to schlep her armloads of rejects back to the racks , under the verbal barrage of not offering the queen what she needed , i suffered many an afternoon as i failed to find just the right outfit for her royal highness .
and paris , you must walk the streets of paris during april , smell the cherry blossoms , and feel the charge in the atmosphere .
in a few more moments a young girl , a twelve - year - old , emerged from the front door of a large cottage , which was charmingly decorated with flowers under its windows .
the orange blossoms and all the other delicate children of the tropics survived a little ways up the cordillera , but the citrus tress ended abruptly , and then everything was precipices and deserts and barren tablelands leading off to faraway volcanoes which rose above the rain forests .
though your tamarinds and oleanders , your banyans , lotus blossoms and mangroves wo n't survive in these high latitudesthat amanda !
notice the delicate refinement of the coloring , the matched fabrics , each enhancing the other like flowers in a bouquet .
in spring she would have first monitored the radio to find out which park had the finest cherry blossoms , then gone somewhere else to avoid the sake - swilling crowds .
well , not quite : on the back wall was the traditional picture alcove , tokonoma , in which a seventeenth - century ink - wash scroll hung above a weathered vase holding three spare blossoms .
he glanced at the blossom in his hand .
i can help- '' they were entering a long arbor , a high trellis bright with obscuring red flowers , when the first blow came into his left side , directly in his kidney .
around them the few lingering white sprays of almond blossoms seemed like remnants of late spring snow , while the ground itself was blanketed with wild orchids , lavender and pink anemones , white narcissus .
he watched as she climbed out of the car , then stopped to pluck a waxy yellow prickly pear flower , next an orange - blue iris cretica .
he loved the flowers of crete , and the afternoon was fragrant with the scent of jasmine and lemon blossoms .
he loved the flowers of crete , and the afternoon was fragrant with the scent of jasmine and lemon blossoms .
hundreds of people thronged the entrance , the strong smell of flowers and lit candles invaded the air , a soft whispering filled the large interior of the church .
on the coffin of the teacher , the only mahogany one , wild flowers and several yellow post - it notes , handwritten by the students .
he went back to hearing the priest carefully , hardly breathing the smell of flowers and incense .
i even liked her shoes , the perfect white converse with pink laces and embroidered flowers .
it seemed to me that mom had just came out of a bath of flowers .
i walk in our garden and am reminded of him by a particular flower or a smell or slight push from the sea breeze .
dainty pink and blue blossoms bedecked her hair .
no blossoms bedecked her hair .
on his arrival he had seen pink and blue blossoms on the cliff .
all he knew was that he had to obtain the blossoms for his sithayu .
but the temptation of taking the blossoms was too strong to ignore .
he plucked a few blossoms , turned and fled .
gripping the blossoms tightly he desperately looked for an escape route .
putting the blossoms tightly between his lips , he scanned the tree line ahead , selected one .
but all he was concerned about was that no damaged had come to the blossoms .
the only solace was that the blossoms were safely grasped in his mouth .
but he choked it down ; realizing doing so meant losing his precious blossoms .
releasing an arm , he reached for the blossoms in his mouth .
instantly , he rushed his free hand to stop the slip , crushing the blossoms in the process .
he had lost the blossoms and was sure tiga would give him a hiding .
he looked at the crushed blossoms .
i came up here to get some blossoms for mipibut now they are all destroyed .
could i get a few more blossoms ?
get the blossoms and hurry up before the dogs are back !
phut was nt listening he was thrashing through the brush plucking blossoms .
all those who saw phut offer mipi the blossoms were overwhelmed with his gesture .
with a thudding heart and a trembling hand he extracted the blossoms carefully from inside his shirt .
she eyed the pink and blue blossoms in his hand , puzzled .
she smiled coyly at phut , grabbed the blossoms and fled .
unseen by the two the shaman watched the whole meeting and the offering of blossoms .
the previous evening she had proudly worn his pink and blue blossoms in her hair .
as he stepped out from the elevator , he saw a heart - warming park with huge trees and flowers .
the grass was fresh and green , the flowers colourful .
you keep sending flowers to her .
only chairs , sofas and tables of various sizes , several metal sculptures that do nt look like anything recognizable and tasteful groupings of flowers .
the air smelled sweet from the springtime bounty of flowers .
she wore a summer dress , light pink with big white flowers .
she had changed into a summer dress , light pink with big white flowers .
a light breeze blew through the trees and danced apple blossom across a blue sky , but gabriel could not see it .
in that dismal and endless jungle , even the plants would turn on us , digesting our bodies slowly in pools of gooey sap beneath snapping shells disguised as man - sized flowers and leaves .
the ebony and alabaster floors were carved into a maze of vines , flowers , and trees .
i rubbed each between my thumb and my forefinger for a moment : a flat star with six points , a lotus flower , a tiny elephant with its trunk raised , a model clanker , an hourglass vialus with whirling smoke inside , a crescent moon , and a human skull .
shapes of flowers and ships and scary creatures of the jungle devoured one another , falling like a fountain around us .
my brothers and i required decades to master the easiest of tasks , to make an orange hover above our hand or to crush a flower without touching it .
their yard is so beautiful , so many colors and kinds of flowers and weird shaped bushes .
he found zharaa in the garden , smelling one of the bright yellow flowers that grew in the bushes surrounding the lawn .
we were on a green lawn , rich of flowers and colored butterflies that fluttered here and there , and suddenly i started to also feel the perfumes , coolness and buonissimi .
the flowers were called indian blanket .
cherry blossoms for their time in japan .
the expanse of grass was covered with flowers and butterflies .
the entrance was magnificent , lined with olive trees , and windows decorated with red and yellow blossoms .
he ran his fingers over the pure white petals of the trillium flower in the beautifully framed image .
well , miss blossom , or is it mrs . ?
i ve already gotten livinia blossom , my neighbor , to agree to let me write an article about her and her family .
would one of the miners killed happen to have had the last name of blossom ?
my neighbor at canary house just happens to be livinia blossom .
inside , the aroma of blooming flowers muffled other smells .
young flitted from one screen to another like a honeybee darting among flowers for pollen .
it means jasmine , or beautiful flower .
suddenly , as if by magic , fowler produced a large bunch of flowers from under his coat .
he has given me the most wonderful bunch of flowers .
these flowers were lilies of the valley , the little white bells on a slender green stalk with the long , green leaves .
occasionally , chrissy would wake up in the morning to a beautiful little bouquet of flowers and she still did nt know how they got there ; but somehow they always made her think of johnny .
chrissy pointed to a fresh bouquet of flowers on her nightstand .
the first thing chrissy did when she opened her eyes the next morning was check her nightstand for flowers .
she was finding old magazines and cutting out pictures to put in with the recipes and she was adding little flowers and ribbons here and there .
just , as he made a determination that is was either trees blowing mildly or deer pecking around for some of the out - of - season blossoms and weeds that had begun showing up , a pair of eyes very quickly turned and then rushed at the window daniel stared through .
after placing the coffin on the conveyor and arranging the flowers on top , the bearers bowed their heads in respect and retired to a room at the rear .
rose smiled back , her lips a full blossom of red .
after buttering me up with flowers and candy , he told me to write the article as planned and to specifically mention you both , or else he would have me deported to japan .
sometimes i sent her flowers with small notes which told her to have a fantastic day .
one of the soldiers reached down to pick up a crayon drawing of a truck in a tunnel under a mountain , a yellow sun shining incongruously above , its rays like petals of a flower .
on the windows sill sat a large bunch of multicoloured flowers that filled the room with a delicate scent .
inspector lau entered behind a large bunch of coloured flowers .
in that case , please accept these flowers as an apology for making you blush !
he bought her presents : a rolex with diamonds inset on the rim , a mink coat , filled his home with hot - house flowers specially brought in from holland .
in the apertures there were pots of flowers in green and red .
it had flowers , shrubbery , and trees growing on itproviding a good , relatively soft spot to jump onto .
the last display i came to was n't of flowers .
she walked over to examine the flowers .
they used to live around mountains and valleys , streams , and near fields of flowers , ages and ages ago .
she looked to make sure no one else was around and then slipped out the scorched branch , a chipped stone , and a withered golden flower .
several scrolls lay like wilted flowers on a gouged desk .
i did nt get to the flower because my father came home .
her light brown hair was littered with tiny purple flowers and small flowering sticks poked out in odd directions .
valleys rippled with red and purple briani flowers , a giant wave of color against the silver blue grass .
nahor hang it right there , nahor instructed a slave to hang a wreath of white flowers .
it was braided elaborately , with tiny golden flowers tucked neatly into her braids .
elora picked up a delicately made pale pink necklace , her eyes taking in the detailed flowers that had been carefully crafted .
she had tiny flowers sewn into a mostly translucent gown that hung loosely around her bare shoulders .
the grounds were breathtaking , and the flowers perfumed the air with aromas that acted as reminders of how glorious the air in heaven must ve been .
all twelve of the lily - like flowers were in full bloom and had been arranged in a brilliant red and white display .
the brugmansia suaveolens were in bloom , their white , trumpet - shaped flowers standing open before him like the arms of heaven stretching wide to receive his gift of music .
pink , funnel - shaped flowers of the oleanders , with their leathery , narrow leaves and creamy yellow edges were dynamic among those plants whose short flowering lives had passed with the spring and summer months .
the dado in the hall was a gorgeous , embossed leather and its design was a delightful mesh of blackbirds perched in trees filled with pink blossoms .
the church decorated in bountiful white flowers , the ceremony that was more magical than those seen in the movies , and the bride and groom being whisked away in a carriage now were engulfed in flames of hatred .
one might see a daring deer , who wants to cross the road to eat its favorite flower , risking being struck by a most likely imminent death .
peelings fell like cherry blossoms as he shuffled his feet along the gnarled tree that seemed to glow in the northern sun .
come to think of it , maybe we were nothing more than new friends , but we had a kind of intuition that hinted that we had found someone more than a friend , it just needed time to blossom , and blossom it did .
she then released both his hands and went running over to some flowering bushes and put her nose to a blossom , inhaling deeply .
bob did likewise , bending over and putting his nose to a blossom , and agreeing with her .
the imperial gardens could easily be a several day tour if you wanted to see everything it had to offer , and they spent hours walking and taking in the cherry blossoms whose already dropped petals carpeted areas of the park .
it is full bloom of the cherry blossoms , you never see something like this anywhere .
come stand over here with me , she grabbed bobs hand and they walked over to a central point , in the midst of the trees ablaze with blossoms .
quite suddenly there was a stiff gust of wind and before bob knew it they were lost in a blizzard of purplish blossom petals being blown off the trees around them .
the scent of her cherry blossom body wash helped make her alert .
she moved between the flowers , beautiful , captivating , perfect .
her furniture was bright , light blue and red , pink and yellow , like a field of flowers .
the area was in full bloom with low - lying , white flowers stretching as far as the eye could see .
once everyone had had a look at the flowers , we slowly began to trudge away from the scene with saddened feet .
what type of flowers do you have in mind for the wedding chapel , asks mary , waiting for his reply .
surreptitiously he slipped into a florist , emerging with a small posy of flowers , hoping that none of the group were still in the vicinity as he negotiated the pattern of backstreets to one he had not seen for many years .
suddenly , i felt a burst of pain flower in my left shoulder , kuzo had hit his mark .
samuel had felt that way the first time he had come here , years ago , and as he strolled beneath the orange trees with their sweet scented blossoms , he could not resist the feeling of nostalgia that swept over him .
three plump rosesone a deep red , one white , the last a blushing pinknestled in a froth of greenery and white and purple blossoms .
the whole arrangement was bordered by ferns and leafy stalks with tiny bunches of white flowers , whose scent hinted of an herb .
centered on lisas desk and surrounded by precariously high stacks of manila client files , the lovely blossoms looked as out of place as a peacock in the desert .
when i got home , i was greeted by a vase full of anonymous flowers and a voice mail filled beyond its capacity with blank messages .
the flowers could have come from paul .
all but one were silver ; the exceptionneither a moon nor a starwas some kind of gold flower .
ominous dots and random smears of crimson sprouted like sinister blossoms .
a person could examine each bouquet , stick her nose in the blossoms for a good sniff , discuss how pretty they all were and which flowers were the favorite of the deceased .
a person could examine each bouquet , stick her nose in the blossoms for a good sniff , discuss how pretty they all were and which flowers were the favorite of the deceased .
yours is all about trees , flowers , and distant images .
yes paul collins , take a look at him ; he must be a lover of precious flowers .
as we walked in the door of the lunch service building , the smell of fake flowers assaulted my nose .
there were wallpapers with flowers , white , red , pink , and so on .
there was a huge bouquet of flowers sitting on the table in front of her .
it looked too bridger like a card , the type sent with flowers .
` ` they sort of put these too shame '' , bridger said nodding towards the flowers , holding the wine and cheap chocolates lamely in his hands .
however , ten stories of the weaker outer columns stood bent like petals of a flower at the location soon to be known as ground zero ; a term previously only used for the epicenter of a nuclear blast .
just when he could stand no more , the banks lowered into dry stone walls ; and delicate wild flowers sprouted from the many crevices , with tiny petals of blues , white and pink .
woody stems towered above ground before growing spiteful thorns along with luscious green leaves and sweet smelling yellow flowers .
the park looked quite clean , and colorful with assorted flowers reaching for the sun .
these included the washington monument , jefferson memorial , martin luther king memorial , the massively huge capitol building , the white house , library of congress , national archive , the pentagon , numerous reflecting pools , park - like streets lined with flowers , thousands of little american flags , and a hundred additional monuments and museums of art selected precisely for instilling unbridled patriotism in the mentally unwary .
the spring blossoms were beginning to emerge .
only use klochtap with yellow flowers .
it does nt have flowers this time of year .
remember , yellow flowers .
but there are no flowers on those vines , mckean remarked .
the great geneticist gregor mendel interbred red and white peas to get pink flowers .
claire sat down after placing the flowers on a small side table .
his therapy session began as he became mesmerized by a tank of translucent moon jellies , their glowing patterns resembling flower petals .
the flowers are long dead , having not been watered in two weeks , and the soil is filled with small crusty leaves .
there were giant magnolia blossoms , with muted pinks , greens , golds , and even a few touches of blue on the soft linen .
along the way , we ran into several friends with children of their own , and they all made a big fuss over the adorable blossom in yellow and green that henry was holding , wanting to know when we had welcomed the new addition to our family .
the windows of the car were rolled down and the air was balmy , heavily scented with flowers and fresh - cut grass .
the heat was weighted and the grayish haze of humidity hung in the air , adding to the cloying fragrance of the blossoms that grew everywhere he looked .
the shirt was old and used to be white with a large six - petal flower on the front and was stained from countless spills .
however , mr . sayers room was so full of flowers that it would nt smell like death even if the reaper himself were among us .
also , he stopped at the threshold , can you do something about the flowers ?
i was standing in the foyer next to a large flower arrangement that , no matter how big , would nt hide me from the stink eye helga was giving me .
and drop will commence in 4 - 3 - 2- julio stopped the van beside the protesters while john and vinnie bailed out , masses of flowers further camouflaging their flimsy disguises .
the trellises of white flowers lining pathways were built as homage to the chaotic yet geometric shapes we found in nature .
the ceiling was a glass and steel dome from which hung huge baskets of flowers .
he thought of preachers and songs , pulpit flowers and the sharp creased edges of sunday bulletins , and he closed his eyes and let his memories take him away .
it was spring , not just the month of april or may , but the spring of rebirth , blossoms , sunshine , and life .
a middle - aged couple approached the front door with a big bouquet of colorful flowers .
the bush shook , shedding a few of its late yellow flowers .
alison monets grave was not hard to find , for it was one of the latest additions to the cemetery and thus had a brand new slap of marble for its headstone and was copiously decorated in bright funereal flowers .
there were more rocky outcrops , towering oaks , berry bushes and wild summer flowers - or perhaps it was merely that people bestirred by affection noticed these things more .
wolfie assured me that answers opened like flowers , but then that was when his wife had gotten on a zen kick .
there was a long railing that guided us to the far end of a hallway with mountain laurel branches hovering over the railing , while violet leathery blossoms were scraped across the floor smelling of a frothy grape .
there was a stage set up by the fountain adorned with balloons , ribbons , and flowers .
the ozone in the air mixed with the autumn smells from the farmland around , spicing it with the smell of the earth , and the sweet flavours of the wild flowers that grew so abundantly in the hedgerows on either side of the road .
the bright green of the grass , obviously irrigated well and often , cut a sharp yet complementary contrast to the bright yellows , reds and blues of the flowers , the white of the house , and the blue of the sky and the sea beyond .
but instead of pretty flowers , colorful and various , or fruit , juicy and delicious , the garden around ashe was filled with planted slabs of stone , polished and engraved .
lying on the dirt directly next to susannes tombstone , sat a bundle yellow flowers .
they were nt even flowers at all .
you will not treat me like a delicate little blossom .
you said that you suffer severely from allergies to flowers .
a half hour later , a large bouquet of flowers was delivered to a small residence in jerusalem .
she moved to a sunflower bush covered with yellow blossoms .
alex laughed , reaching over her head to touch the flowers that grew at least six feet off the ground .
her hand closed over a dark - red blossom while she hid her leaking eyes behind the hand holding the cast - iron heat register .
like a flower blossoming , samantha unfolded with gentle radiance that made her natural beauty glow .
reaching into her pocket , she intended to leave the st . christopher medallion among the bright pink and blue blossoms that she and maria painstakingly had lain on top of his granite marker .
the corridor was straight with only a couple of large niches containing stands with vases of dried flowers .
he looked through the arch into the gardens beyond a landscape of great palms and exotic shrubs , bright greens and vivid coloured flowers .
gradually , a slow ascent beginning somewhere behind his navel , a climb to peaks never before known and there was a tingling on his skin as if a thousand dancing flowers skipped their way up and down his limbs , along his torso .
varicolored flowers on each side of the steps and flowing green plants surrounded her .
she stood and the blue sun dress with tiny white and yellow flower designs accented her lean yet shapely body .
clusters of multi - colored flowers bordered the front of the preacher 's yard .
she had this pretty blue sun dress on with white , little flowers .
when he peered down through the colors and flowers , he saw annies smiling face in the glow of the sunshine ; and as he exhaled , he descended like a balloon returning to the earth .
after he finished cleaning the old mattress and scouring the wooden slab and chains , the monotony of scrubbing the floor drifted his mind back to that morning 's awakening dream : the colors , the flowers , the sweet aroma that lifted him into the sky , and then slowly downward , toward annie who stood waiting .
the rhythm of the scrub brush and soapy lather across the floor transported him to times and places when he was near hersmelling the fragrance of her hair , seeing the colors of flowers surrounding her , looking into the translucent blue - green of her eyes , brushing against her and feeling the softness of her touch , holding her hand as they united in prayer .
remember the dream you had this morningall the flowers and fragrances ?
leonard observed jianwan , who was dressed in a colorful silk chinese robe with a floral design of pink flowers and leaves of multiple shades of green .
as he stepped into the hall , he passed by some potted lotus flowers , bright pink in color .
then the blossom faded , the light went out .
ill be with you in apple blossom time neville fleeson & albert von tilzer and we walked .
at the top of the steps we left the sand and rock of the beach behind us and entered into the glare and sunshine and the sweetness of bright green foliage and flowers .
linen and flowers .
the air smelled like popcorn and flowers .
it was situated down a winding , tree lined lane that led to a large sunny yard filled with all kinds of flowers .
she made it her own , thanks to her handmade flower decorations .
humid gusts of warm wind buffeted the aircraft on its slow taxi to the terminal , and the heady perfume of tropical flowers and the sea blended with jet exhaust as the sun glinted off the planes windows with blinding intensity .
its massive terraces looked out over the pool to the sea beyond as the surrounding tropical flowers wavered in the balmy breeze .
a third boom reverberated across the waterfront street , and a staccato popping of secondary fireworks followed it , the glow from the red and blue blossoms illuminating the night sky .
georgina said yes , they are splendid when they re in flower .
albertine , heavily laden with copper - pink flowers , the same rose i had noticed rambling over the gnarled old fruit tree in the garden .
rosa gallica officinalis , plain bright crimson flowers with an intense scent ; i had seen that somewhere in the garden too .
rosa mundi , with striped red and white flowers like a raspberry - ripple ice - cream .
myra had clearly noticed other shortcomings , as she told me you should deadhead the flowers every day , you know , and that bush is going to be in serious trouble unless its sprayed ca nt you see all these aphids on the buds ?
energy balancing , flower essences .
it was a beautiful evening and the brilliant red blossoms of the big pohutakawas the new zealand christmas trees made a blaze of color against the blue of the sea .
the sun was shining , the sea a sparkling blue , gentle waves were lapping on the sandy beaches of the little bays , and the pohutakawa trees with their brilliant red blossoms shining like beacons along the route .
we travelled over from devonport on the ferry and arrived early to find an expectant crowd already gathered in the cathedral , which was filled with the scent of incense and flowers .
rapeseed was growing waist high and its intense yellow flowers were almost dazzling to the eye ; its scent sweet .
to the right is yerba mate , gotu kola , goldenseal , rhodiola , kava , acai , basil , amla , also known as indian gooseberry , soursop also known as graviola , passion flower , and black root yam .
your friend from arizona is sending you , among other things , pulverized cactus flower .
so , by slightly increasing the kava and increasing the amla by fifty percent , we can overcome the loss of the limpet and the cactus flower .
and he also could legally use the cactus flower if the product were to be consumed on premise .
blue the version that excluded the cactus flower but elevated hemp and kava .
shreyas blouse , of silk , had a chartreuse background that floated medium blue lotus blossoms .
for instance , the passion flower , which should reduce anxiety , can cause liver damage if used in excess .
the first of the flowers arrived before noon .
who are all these flowers from ?
there was a fountain babbling on a crossroad , water was pouring from the stone flowers on its top .
the white surface of the building is draped with flowers all year round and the sign over the entrance is classy and dignified , without looking gaudy .
the fresh wind carried the sweet smell of the flowers , which made me wonder where they managed to get fresh flowers in autumn .
the fresh wind carried the sweet smell of the flowers , which made me wonder where they managed to get fresh flowers in autumn .
the limbs , loaded with white flowers , were also letting themselves in through the door , tearing the carpet and lifting the wooden floor .
roots and branches , leaves and flowers sprung out in an uncoordinated symphony and every note had to be dodged , if you did nt want to fall prisoner to its music .
a limb crawled up the wall behind the big painting and broke through the canvas , only to embellish it with its blossoms .
brightly painted canvases , fresh flowers , and pleasantly smiling faces bombarded me from all directions as musicians softly played stringed instruments in the background .
the altar was raised several feet upward from the nave and displayed stunning ribbons of golden inlay , glinting with jewels and adorned with bouquets of red and white flowers .
then he handed me another tightly - tied small bundle of fresh plant leaves and flowers .
behind the man , a vase filled with flowers had been set on a small table that was positioned against the back wall .
the variety of flower was undetermined and so the actual color of the flowers was unknown .
the variety of flower was undetermined and so the actual color of the flowers was unknown .
on the far side of the garden , well beyond the pathways and caverns , was the plum blossom pavilion .
like many pavilions in the region , the plum blossom pavilion had an open - air design that had indirectly subjected the artworks to the elements .
from where she sat , she had a view of the pond and bridge , some yellow and blue flowers , and the plum trees .
he had seen enough of the rocks , trees , and flowers , so he stood to indicate that he was ready to leave .
the store is full of things like herbs and flowers , leaves , bark , and roots .
accenting the landscape was a colorful palette of blossoming flowers that bordered the stone - paved walkways .
interspersed among the seemingly endless varieties of trees , plants , and flowers were dozens of pavilions .
they were holding hands and sitting on a stone bench near a plum tree that was in full blossom .
the dress had delicate yellow and magenta plum blossom flowers woven into the fabric , but it was the way the dress held the contours of her slender body that drew his attention .
the dress had delicate yellow and magenta plum blossom flowers woven into the fabric , but it was the way the dress held the contours of her slender body that drew his attention .
that long haired brunette in the tan summer dress with orange flowers on it is riding shotgun with natalie .
the brunette in the tan summer dress with orange flowers , donna , is saying to the tall cornrowed blonde ahead of them .
she is sitting crosslegged in a pistachio colored sun dress with repetitive bunches of tiny purple berries conjoined with anonymous white flowers , what would a future historian think about that ?
i have a good memory , i was always told by my customers that i never forgot a name or a face or their favourite flowers .
the first item he pulled out was the bouquet of flowers .
he wiggled his fingers over the flower and muttered some nonsense from the naked chicks website .
she threw the paper away and stormed into the room , turning and taking in all the flowers .
i gave the deepest bow of my life as the applause rose to a deafening roar and confetti , balloons and flowers poured out of the ceiling .
never had merry gay seen so many flowers , rainbows of flowers , triangles of flowers , circles of pure color that made her long to wade barefoot through just for the velvety feel and not to crush them , though that would be a luxury too .
and there was nothing more beautiful to her than the mimosas at moniac crossing with their layered ferny fronds and poufs of sheer pink flowers like birds ' crests .
she was decked out in white linen with dainty embroidered blue flowers ; the blue grosgrain ribbon gathering back her long blond hair had long been shed because merry gay , her sixteen - year - old idol , was n't wearing one .
actually , it was like his ears had sprouted out the sides of his head , mere blossoms in the act of unfolding .
the girls nodded yes , twisting their bodies but with bare feet planted in the yellow flowers that made them look blacker .
under his right arm he was carrying a small white stuffed pillowcase with pink embroidered flowers , top folded down ; hearing side to side his neighbors whispering behind their hands .
in daylight the colors of the prince 's feathers growing from the sour mud of the water - shelf runoff would be crimson , but in the firelight the burry flower heads were burnished as pumpkins .
she cropped a branch with lots of tiny white star - shaped blossoms and crisp green leaves then ducking low under the branches she started out .
she looks silly in the dainty blue duster with tiny pink embroidered flowers on the yoke .
earlier , george had arranged with the restaurant staff to set up a table for them in one of the smaller conference rooms , complete with candles and flowers .
there were large orange flowers with green vines connecting them , and he had to admit that it was the ugliest thing he had ever seen .
at least there was no wallpaper with the large orange flowers on it .
a heavenly breeze usher an awesome sensation of sweet fresh flowers .
the grass , the trees , the flowers , and every creature sings praises to me .
as we pass over the countryside , the fragrance of fresh fruits and blossoming flowers wonderfully overwhelms me .
the linen tablecloth was bright yellow and decorated with fresh flowers .
jeff bought her flowers at least once a week and surprised her sporadically at other times with little gifts that she knew came from his heart .
the bright stalks of the aquatic flowers stood at attention in the stillness of the day 's beginning .
karl had situated himself under the awning , his knickered legs resting on the empty chair next to him ; he sipped an aperitif among the blossoming flower boxes as he reread siddartha .
10 predatory flower habits and routines made people exploitable .
bright purple and blue in color with multiple blossoms clustered together .
he felt his smile soften as she pressed the tiny blossom to her nose .
i stopped at the door ; i took a second to look at the large flower spanning the length of it .
a few small leaves were budding out of the stem , casting some shadows upon the base of the flower .
the brugmansia , the white trumpet - shaped flowers that hang their heads along the side of the road , were still in bloom .
they are known as angel 's trumpets for the eye - catching large white bell - shaped flowers that hang from their branches .
but a tea made from the flowers is sometimes ingested for recreational or shamanic intoxication , as the plant contains the tropane alkaloids scopolamine and atropine .
like the flower .
the cherry blossoms were out , which meant lots of tourists , but she did n't mind .
the cherry blossoms are in bloom .
when she opened the door , she was greeted with a gorgeous arrangement of flowers .
` ` so many beautiful flowers .
` ` do you like the flowers ? ''
just like before , with benjaminand the flowers .
all it was missing was a decorative basket of fruit or vase of flowers .
the cherry blossom festival will be late this year , if , in fact , any survived the winter .
a thick mass of bushes mingled with bursts of colored flowers in the center of the roundabout , their leaves rustling in the light breeze .
sophie shut the door with a loud snap and darted across the lawn , passing the colorful gardens overflowing with flowers , and disappeared into the shadow of trees .
four chairs sat around it and a vase of flowers decorated its center .
i watched them blossom together , finding in each other what they had lacked so long .
the ground floor window that faces it , storm shutters open , reveals the edge of a table laid with a white cloth edged in dabbed - on cream and yellow flowers , on which stands an unfinished painting on a tabletop easel .
everythings alive this morning , banged into blossom by the abrupt sunlight .
the usual array of barbed flowers and celtic symbols .
she opened it up and smirked cruelly as she peered into the wide array of herbs , mosses and flowers .
the sunshine , flowers , and kisses that made her feel like a bird soaring at great heights .
to his right , the tiled floor was dominated by a circular chinese carpet , six ornate , white armed chairs , a glass topped table with a vase of silk flowers and a gilt framed painting of a prancing horse .
one hind leg is too long - and perhaps you need to add a simple flower , a daisy perhaps - white and yellow - good contrast .
` ` definitely needs a flower , behind its back ... .. yellow anthers , white petals , like a daisy ... ... .perhaps two flowers ... .. one in full bloom , the other just opening ... ... .. need to finish it today ... ... .then tomorrow ? ... ... .start another ... ... .i ' ve not finished yet .
` ` definitely needs a flower , behind its back ... .. yellow anthers , white petals , like a daisy ... ... .perhaps two flowers ... .. one in full bloom , the other just opening ... ... .. need to finish it today ... ... .then tomorrow ? ... ... .start another ... ... .i ' ve not finished yet .
the cafe de oude hans was right in front of him , its entrance surrounded by colourful hanging baskets and the pavement area outside laid out with small metal tables and chairs , each table with a delft blue vase of lavender flowers .
the red water lily flowers were closing up .
and each had a certain unique touch - two birds , two flowers , two trees , an old lady and an old man , a cockerel and hen , a hen and a chicken , a snake coiled around eggs with a small snake emerging , and there were abstracts , too - sunrises and sunsets - colourful bands of pink , purple , orange , blue and grey , some with a black silhouette of a single coconut palm or banana tree leaf intruding into the picture .
standing there , holding a small case , was a short , fat woman in a dark , knee - length skirt , high heeled shoes and a white blouse printed with large red flowers .
on a small table at the foot of the stairs stood a very beautiful alabaster bowl filled with flowers .
all the pews are decorated with a single cluster bomb of pretty yellow gladiolus , pink dahlia , and purple lilac flowers tightened yellow satin ribbons .
bouquets of flowers are draped at the end of each pew .
the church was covered in expensive floral arrangements of purple , yellow , and white flowers .
she allows her eyeballs to focus on the bright white flowers , sobbing with a tight throat .
i want to clarify in terms of the wedding process such as the selection of the church , the flowers , the bridesmaids dress , etc .
the little tiny round things are ceramic cups decorated with baby blue flowers that came with the cooler .
who present the flowers at funerals ?
the pastel colors stand out like flowers among the brown and wheat tones of the parched dirt .
windows looked out onto the mediterranean sea or the pyramids , one was a gabled room view onto the eiffel tower , and another a glade with birds and flowers .
the garden had giant wild flowers that looked like they belonged somewhere tropical and home to lost tribes , and inert water features that looked like big gargoyles ripped off a gothic church .
scarlett poked sal when she spotted a troop of baboons lounging in a sausage tree , drinking the nectar from the blood - red flowers that hung in long panicles .
here and there , flowers were blooming .
there were little red prints like flowers on it .
the flowers took on something of their reds and yellows and whites .
she slipped on a white house coat with red flowers and stepped quietly out of the bathroom and into the hall and set the thermostat and waited for the hiss and blast of the floor furnace .
four sets are used in a game , plus the bonus tiles : flowers ( four ) and seasons ( four ) .
within the sheltering walls of bibis house , the peach tree had already begun to shed its first flowers , which dropped on me and my keyboard like blessings from above .
did you know that the samurai used the sakura flower as their emblem because cherry blossoms fall while still in their prime ?
i explained all this to estrade and bibi as we picked peach blossom petals out of our coffee in the courtyard the following morning .
beautiful flowers in exceptional colors were growing there ; pink , blue , and yellow .
i saw my mother laboring over each pink flower on its white - washed surface .
the landscape consisted of flowers , bushes , and trees .
cherry blossom air freshener fragranced the air .
i did n't take time to notice the vibrant flowers or the varied sculptures , for i was searching for asp .
she ordered invitations , flowers , and decorations .
they said i was harassing her by sending her flowers and a note .
pots of flowers everywhere in a rainbow of colors overpowered the house with an abundance of fragrances .
the wind scatters the leaves on the ground , but the living tree blossoms with leaves again in the spring .
and are we not gathered here in our living tree , our holy temple from whence the green leaves of our faith blossom and grow anew ?
the yellow , white and purple flowers , that dotted the ballroom , not only looked beautiful , they made the room smell fresh and inviting .
i stopped at one large arrangement , felt the tender blossoms , marveling that they were real .
- congratulations with your new business enterprise , dr . christensen he starts , but then somehow can not resist reverting to his usual role of the antagonist : it would seem that ceos can afford double the number of flowers as ordinary mortals he says drily .
the extra flower is for forgiveness and atonement .
when the clouds broke the fresh air rushed warm over him , bringing aromas of fragrant island flowers , of salt water , or of locals smoking pot or lighting the fireworks they loved so much here .
palm trees and high lush bushes leaned into the clearing , swaying and shimmying , the branches and leaves drooping and dripping and feeding , below them , the many giant ferns and shrubs of budding red flowers .
now big guy wore boxers with bright lei flowers and a white underwear tank top soiled with sweat and what looked like ketchup .
she had on a little frayed straw cowgirl hat and a white flower behind an ear .
they took the path , grasping at rock as leaves and flowers and veins grazed their cheeks .
they once called havana the flower of the caribbean .
people stood on balconies , throwing confetti while crowds of people tossed flowers at the troops .
she absorbed the outdoor smells like an addict and relished the aroma of the trees , moisture in the air , grass , flowers , damp earth and wood smoke .
the first outbreaks of campion are scattering their pink flower heads like the talents of cheap tarts on a bank holiday weekend , and their first , early seed pods are breaking open , the vanguard to their annual invasion of the field edge .
flowers bud in darkness .
citizen marcus coleman 's eyes widened , and he took in a sharp breath before the screen filled with an orange blossom of fire .
at any rate , i am not inclined to water urns whose flowers withered .
tall , stainless steel tables lined the brick walls inside with brightly colored flowers and stalks in black vases .
for a woman of forty - five her face was conspicuously free from lines , and reflective consideration of how she must once have looked , in the first flower of youth , the inevitable telltale signs of the intervening years iteratively stripped away from her complexion so that the innocent woman was revealed once again , would have lent most people to describe her as beautiful .
he was laying on his back in a green meadow of wild flowers , immersed amidst the smell of freshly cut grass , the sound of an invisible honey bee buzzing close at hand , and in the distance the tuneful twittering of sparrows and thrushes , with the sun feeling pleasantly warm on his face and glowing yellow through the barrier of his closed eyelids , and far overhead was the faint noise of an aeroplane .
she was surprised by the flowers but was also wondering where they were going .
the flower heads drooped toward the earth .
the man now stood in the doorway and offered the woman a bouquet of absurdly large and quite obviously plastic flowers .
if memetic calculus turns into a proof , i ' m sure you 'll want to be back on board with pelius , but then it will be too late , because every glaxo , smith - kline , and beecham in the nation will come with flowers and candy to our doorstep .
the elite had built an incredible underground park , arrayed with trees , flowers , creeks , and even the occasional chirp of birds an oasis in the midst of hell , replete with another waterfall .
the doctors relaxed , and her family brought candy , toys , and flowers .
when she got back to their park avenue apartment , grace found hundreds of bouquets of flowers waiting for her .
as he slid to the floor of the car , his head dangled from his torso at an absurd angle , like a flower on the end of a broken stem .
it was late may , and spring was in its last glorious flush , the trees on the sidewalk exploding with blossoms , the blue skies alive with birdsong and joy .
the craft was festooned with flowers and wreaths .
the flowers here are like paintings , the child thought , laughing as he ran across the meadow .
stone , dim chandeliers , thick carpet , flowers in huge glass vases .
bright flowers , no weeds .
there were flowers in vases .
low hills , curving streets , trees , perpetual spring , perpetual blossom .
in english we call that kind of flower a lily . ''
rose windows.rosette reliefs.and , of course , an abundance of cinquefoils - the five - petaled decorative flowers often found at the top of archways , directly over the keystone .
` ` what robert is fumbling with is the fact that the blossoming flower resembles the female genitalia , the sublime blossom from which all mankind enters the world .
` ` what robert is fumbling with is the fact that the blossoming flower resembles the female genitalia , the sublime blossom from which all mankind enters the world .
he ran a palm across the wooden lid , feeling the texture of the inlaid flower .
should we wave a flag and tell the buddhists that we have proof the buddha did not come from a lotus blossom ?
like a taunting silhouette emerging from the fog , the branches of britain 's oldest apple tree burgeoned with five - petaled blossoms , all glistening like venus .
there was a heavy vegetable stink in the air , wet earth and flowers and leaves .
biff had a large flower in her hair and a waxy bronze tan , and she looked as if she 'd just dropped by the shop for a few hours between beaches .
the table was crowded with candles and silver and flowers and fine china and liters of red wine .
he dropped it on the floor and it resumed its former flat shape like a flower opening its petals .
the famous blossom was about to break out .
there were flowers , with their stems wrapped in aluminum foil .
whether bond liked it or not , the branch had already escaped his knife and was ready to burst into flower .
he had noticed that the girls were drinking colas and squashes with a sprinkling of feminine cocktails - orange blossoms , daiquiris .
as for birds , bees and flowers , the wonders of nature , it only mattered whether or not they bit or stung , whether they smelled good or bad .
but then orientalists had their own particular drawbacks - too much tied up with tea ceremonies and flower arrangements and zen and so forth .
they enjoy our simplicity , with its underlying hint of deep meaning , as expressed for instance in the tea ceremony , flower arrangements , no plays - none of which of course they understand .
specimens listed by customs and excise department as imported by doctor guntram shatterhand jamaica dogwood , fish - poison tree ( piscidia erythrina ) : tree , 30 ft . white and blood - coloured flowers .
greenish - white flowers .
greenish - yellow flowers .
the roots , bark , juice , flowers and leaves all fatally toxic .
beautiful dark - green leaves , lavender blossoms .
on it were arranged , in the pattern of a huge flower , petal upon petal of a very thinly sliced and rather transparent white fish .
bond strained his eyes to the right , towards the castle , but his view was obstructed by an expanse of white oleanders , that innocent shrub with its attractive clusters of blossom that is used as a deadly fish poison in many parts of the tropics .
but , in the background , there was one very beautiful lignum vitae tree in full blue blossom .
the walls were duck's - egg blue and in the centre of each was a colour print of tropical flowers in a bamboo frame .
it held a bowl of flowers and a white telephone .
and now it was over and he sat in the sunshine among the flowers with the prize at his feet and his hand in her long black hair .
` ` there 's an indian called professor bhose , who 's written a treatise on the nervous system of flowers .
at last the cheering crowds , the medals , the women , the flowers .
on each of the four walls was a large flower painting in a golden frame .
he turned again to his paper , and bond , resisting the impulse to light a cigarette , went back to his examination of the flower ' pictures ' .
the carpets and swagged curtains were wine - red and the domed ceiling , broken at intervals by oval - framed paintings of garlanded cherubs and wreathed flowers against a background of sky and clouds , was cream , as were the slats of the drawn venetian blinds .
the air was soft with evening and the smell of flowers and there was the steady pulse - beat of the cicadas - zing - a - zing - a - zing - and the distant sound of a man singing .
the acting governor , in a cream tussore suit and an inappropriate wing collar and spotted bow tie , was sitting at a broad mahogany desk on which there was nothing but the daily gleaner , the times weekly and a bowl of hibiscus blossoms .
he talked cheerfully to the girl about jamaica - about the birds and the animals and the flowers which were an easy topic for her .
the flowers were not for decoration .
i move it here and there over the face of the earth and , wherever i choose to spread it , that corner blossoms and blooms .
with gracefully cocked tails they moved among the flowers .
there are birds and tropical flowers and palm trees , imported fully grown from florida , in the beautiful gardens of the millionaires round the coast , but in the middle of the island there is nothing to attract the eye but the skeleton fingers of spidery windmill pumps sticking up above the pine barrens , and bond spent the ride to the airport reviewing the morning .
the small pink pads were like the buds of some multiple flower .
largo held the baby octopus in front of him like a small , waving flower .
the steel behind the face had caught the slug , had turned it into a deadly lead blossom with three bright petals .
on the coffee table was a picture book of hollywood star portraits and a vase of dried flowers .
the yard was cultivated , with flowers everywhere , the color taken out of them by the silver moonlight .
vases of flowers everywhere .
on a table in the living room were bottles of assorted liquors , flowers and a large bowl of fresh fruit and cheeses , compliments of the management .
they appeared in the hot noon air like late - blooming flowers , one more beautiful than the next .
there were lavish arrangements of flowers everywhere , strolling musicians , a gargantuan buffet and two fountains that flowed champagne .
there were singing groups carrying flags and streamers , a knott 's berry farm float with animals and birds made of flowers ; fire engines , clowns and jazz bands .
the spectators threw flowers and cheered and stamped their feet and refused to leave .
the rooms were filled with fresh flowers .
there was a knock at the cabin door and a steward entered , carrying more flowers .
they received daily phone calls , flowers , slim volumes of erotic poetry .
his beautifully decorated little apartment on the via margutta would be filled with flowers , garofani or papaveri , the music would be opera , classical or rock , according to the chosen girl 's taste .
until six o'clock that evening , when an enormous bouquet of flowers arrived for her .
the casket was mahogany and covered with flowers .
the suite had been stocked with flowers in silver vases , champagne , whiskey , and boxes of chocolates .
the impressive , marble - floored atrium with its six - foot flower arrangements and walls smothered with priceless modern art , bas - quiats and warhols and lucien freuds , was robbie 's playroom .
` ` too many flowers .
` ` the flowers are perfect .
he poured his guilt into her hands , and she took it from him , as gently and graciously as if he 'd been giving her a bunch of flowers .
it is surrounded by a spectacular and enchanting landscape of hills and valleys covered with flowers , orchards , and pine forests : -the village itself , a cornu- copia of artists ' studios , galleries and wonderful antique shops , is a magnet for tourists from all over the world .
the entire house was furnished in french antiques and filled with flowers .
eating chinese food out 237 of cartons , but believe me , the dinner table will be beautifully set with flowers and candlelight . '
when steve walked into the dining room , the'table was set with flowers and candles , ` ` is there any newst julia asked .
adam had found time to send her flowers .
finally jennifer sent michael moretti a note , asking him to stop sending her flowers .
she had decorated joshua 's bedroom with print curtains and a bedspread with a blue background sprigged with white flowers and yellow butter - flies .
salvatore fiore and joseph colella tramped through the flowers and made their way to the back door .
a body was laid out on a table with wreaths of flowers around it and a large photograph of the deceased sat on an easel facing the front .
everywhere , flowers were being sold by vendors , their booths a rage of violently colored blossoms .
we have trees and flowers , and all kinds of plants . ''
mrs . savalas loves plants and flowers . ''
one of them was holding a little bouquet of flowers .
diane had received countless baskets of flowers , cards of condolence , and e - mails , but this was the most touching gift of all .
we all chipped in for the flowers .
the room had been decorated for the event with flowers and draped fabrics , but no one was paying any attention to the decor .
` ` send the flowers to the children 's hospital . ''
from the moment people heard of mark 's death , kelly harris had been flooded with phone calls and flowers and e - mails .
and more flowers .
a delicious hot dinner appeared from galatoire 's , and a short time later fresh flowers arrived with a note attached .
it had a queen anne - british slang for a front garden - and a mary anne - a back garden - and in season the flowers were magnificent .
tracy walked along the storied old streets and shopped at the greengrocers and the chemist on elizabeth street ; she marveled at the variety of brilliantly colored flowers sold outside the little shops .
the women wore colorful skirts and blouses , and high combs with flowers banked on their beautiful andalusian coiffures .
they strolled along albert cuyp straat , the open - air market that stretches block after block and is filled with stands of antiques , fruits and vegetables , flowers , and clothing , and wandered through dam square , where young people gathered to listen to itinerant singers and punk bands .
he was in bed , clutching his groin , when paige walked in , carrying a bouquet of flowers .
paige walked over to the bed and handed him the flowers .
jimmy ford showed up with a small bouquet of flowers for paige .
the following morning , jason was in a meeting when his secretary came in with a small bouquet of flowers .
the folk theater , anornate relic of more tranquil times , was on rasodia roman , a bustling street filled with small stands selling flowers , plastic slippers , blouses , and pens .
she brought him fresh flowers every day , and little treats .
lara sent paul martin a large bouquet of flowers .
` ` thanks for the flowers .
it was filled with flowers .
there were flowers from brian macintosh and from paul martin , and champagne and hors d'oeuvres from the management .
the lobby had been freshly decorated with flowers .
he had sent an enormous bouquet of flowers with a note : ` ` you 're the music in my life .
there were acres and acres of wildly colored flowers staining the summer air with their scent .
` ` we do n't have flowers like these in texas . ''
alexandra continually marveled at how george always knew just what flowers to send her , what records to buy , what books would please her .
there was a garden in front of the hospital with brightly colored flowers , but graciela was too dazed even to notice them .
the room was literally filled with flowers .
if dana had looked , she would have realized that at the age of fourteen , her body was beginning to blossom .
- fifty dollars ' worth of flowers . ''
when the clerk handed her the flowers , dana said , ` ` is there a shop in the hospital that might have a little cap of some kind ? ''
one is a city of inordinate beauty : imposing architecture , world - class museums , statues , monuments to the giants of the past : lincoln , jefferson , washington ... a city of verdant parks , cherry blossoms , and velvet air .
one evening , when i got home from the studio , jorja was waiting for me with a large bouquet of flowers .
cora fine as the flowers in may .
cheerful flowers shout color along the walk leading from the front door .
carved figurines , flowers , seashells .
she gestured to the blossoms .
a week after he arrived at the hospital , josh was moved from the icu to a private room , one that was immediately inundated with flowers , stuffed animals , cards from his fifth - grade classmates , balloons , and enough candy to feed an entire elementary school .
he strolled into the burkliplatz , the square that overlooked the ziirichsee , with its numerous quays along the waterfront bordered by gardens that in the heat of summer became circles of bursting flowers .
six slender columns , each a profusion of ornamentation twined with carved flowers , stretched skyward .
massive vases packed with aromatic flowers dotted the interior .
thirty paces , then around a right angle , and they again found daylight inside the walls , a flourishing space of greenery with cypress trees , palms , grapevines , flowers - even a peacock paraded about .
no doubt the house was full of friends , too , with trays of food covering the tables and flowers stacked everywhere .
a nurse told him she had never seen such an outpouring of compassion - cards , flowers , chocolates , balloons , artwork from entire classes of grade - schoolers .
it was mounted on an antique irish wake table , the property of lila 's best friend , and quickly surrounded by flowers .
small flowering trees and groomed flowers decorated the tiled paths that led to the four small buildings that rimmed the courtyard .
on the rolling green lawn , palms grew tall against the sky , while tropical flowers in a rainbow of colors spread against the white- plastered walls .
they 're crescent shaped and solid rock , but around them is thick vegetationctrees , bushes , vines , flowers .
in the spring and summer , the grounds were dense with foliage , alive with flowers , berries .
when deschesnes came to the door , he saw a man in a respectable winter coat holding out a bunch of flowers with his left hand .
also , there were other windows on the outside walls that looked over the meadows , profuse with weaving high grass and springtime flowers .
he brings me flowers - stolen flowers , naturally - and calls me a great actress .
she was so alive , so filled with the innocence of blossoming youth , and to add to that crown of spring flowers , she was a dancer - perhaps not a prima ballerina , but certainly an accomplished member of the corps de ballet .
of myriad flowers surrounding blue - green pools of fountains duets of exploding colors .
paranoia in full flower .
the atmosphere was dense , almost suffocatingly so , with the sharp , unfamiliar odors of dried herbs , grasses , stalks , mushrooms , leaves , spoors , flower petals , and more .
nowadays , however , bykada had been turned into a lushly landscaped playground for the wealthy , strewn with masses of flowers , tree - shaded lanes , and villas in the ornamentally baroque byzantine style .
the intricate pattern was of interlocking flowers , frangipani , perhaps .
instead he had come upon a small , wizened priest with splayed feet and teeth like a jackrabbit , performing a cleansing ceremony in front of a small stone shrine in which were set a number of flower offerings .
she wore a coffee - colored sarong with a pattern of frangipani blossoms just like his double ikat .
reverently approaching the shrine , she placed a handful of red and violet blossoms in the shrine 's small niche , pressing her palms together at forehead height , bowing her head in a brief prayer to protect them against the evil demons that lurked in the forest 's restless green shadows .
the pale pink cherry blossoms were already trampled underfoot , tulips were blooming , and there was an unmistakable earthy scent in the air as spring advanced .
people were queued up at the next stall to buy loins and breasts , and cleavers came down on sinew and bone , blood flying like the blooming of flowers .
only weeks before , during the semana santa , masses of hooded penitents followed behind magnificently adorned floats , tiered and filigreed like baroque wedding cakes , filled with ranks of white candles and sprays of white flowers , at the center of which sat images of christ or the virgin mary .
it was still too early for people to be out at the feria , but the moorish scrollwork balcony on the building across the street was garlanded in flowers and gaily colored fabric .
there were fresh white and yellow flowers in a tall porcelain vase on a polished fruitwood table in the center , while on a marquetry sideboard an engraved silver bowl was filled to overflowing with fragrant oranges .
outside , they stood in the buttery spring sunlight , facing the trees and the old quadrangle , breathing the air with its hint of budding flowers .
it was too early in the year for flowers , but the shiny five - lobed leaves were unmistakable .
birds circled and rose on the thermals , and when the breeze picked up , the delicious scent of orange blossoms perfumed the air .
he thought of the impending day and the full flower of its promise .
a sweet smell rose to his nostrils as he flashed past the rolling , flower - dotted carpet of a meadow .
clusters of pale pink blossoms shivered like bells in the spring breeze .
here and there odd items of indeterminate nature - pots of herbs , clusters of roots , bouquets of dried flowers pressed into the shape of a fan - sprouted from floor or walls as if alive .
bourne looked around at the warm chestnut walls , the dark wooden blinds , the jewel - toned accents here and there in the form of vases and bowls of flowers .
they opened like a flower .
they were surrounded by a lush profusion of tropical flowers : speckled orchids , brilliant carmine anthurium , birds - of - paradise , white ginger , heliconia .
it was then that the plan formed in his mind , unfolding like a flower to the rays of the sun .
it 's blue and white , with flowers all around a picket fence .
wives wheeling baby carriages were joined by husbands ; lovers embraced and walked arm in arm among the rows of exploding flowers .
there 's a shoe store in blossom soon street .
suddenly again , with no warning whatsoever , a cacophony of oriental music swelled , the cymbals and primitive wood instruments reaching abrupt crescendos with each stride of the ragtag band that marched down the street , its followers carrying placards mounted with flowers .
in fact , send some fresh flowers every week .
i on her birthdays , marcia received flowers from the law offices of reggie love , and chocolates at christmas .
the entrance to queen 's alley was barely ten feet high , cut off by grillework covered with tropical flowers .
there were flowers and a lit candle on it .
' if it 's true , ' replied the driver , gripping the steering wheel , ' then every thought of incompetence i ' ve ever entertained about the american intelligence community has blossomed to full flower .
only tonight he brought us all flowers ; they fill up the office !
' you just sprang back to full flower . '
on white tunics , blossoms of vibrant red appeared .
the afternoon sun nuzzled well - tended rosebushes , their small pink and white blossoms radiantly emerging from the tight - clustered leaves .
a similar side table with a flower arrangement and mirror adorned the wall .
a small table next to the railing was prepared for two people - white cotton cloth , white napkins , flowers in a small vase , a large pitcher of iced tea , and at least four covered dishes .
the sweet scents of wild - flowers and the fresh salt smell of the ocean mixed oddly with the sharp , acrid tang of half - burnt jet fuel .
same place in the gardens , although there 'll be no flowers this time of year . ''
the president looked out the window at the white house lawn ; the blossoms on the cherry trees were dying , curling up and withering away .
it was early morning , and a spring breeze blew the scent of cherry blossoms across the tidal basin and in through the open french doors of the oval office , but president samuel adams castilla was too distracted to notice or care .
spring flowers were beginning to show among the grasses .
not as strong this time of year as it was in spring and summer when corsica erupted in a blaze of pink and yellow blossoms , but nonetheless pleasant .
a hand - painted sign above the only visible door majestically labels the place as the cypress gardens senior citizens building , but other than its name the place has not the slightest hint of flowers or greenery .
if i had a grandmother worth twenty million dollars i 'd send flowers once a week , cards every other day , chocolates whenever it rained and champagne whenever it did n't .
brought me flowers and chocolates .
and hoppy dupree brought millie some flowers and a box of chocolates , which she ate most of while he jumped around the room in a fit of excitement , the likes of which she 'd rarely seen .
hoppy was the first guest to arrive and lou dell whisked him away quickly to millie 's room , where he once again delivered chocolates and a small bouquet of flowers .
nicholas had met hoppy in the hallway of the motel , just outside his room , a week ago as hoppy was arriving with flowers and fudge for his wife .
the man 's cheeks were covered with gin blossoms , the spiderwebs of broken capillaries that come from heavy drinking .
a wake would require a thorough scouring of the house by a cleaning service , and the preparation of food by a caterer , and flowers hauled in by a florist .
beside the flowers was a stack of cards from his colleagues on the faculty .
as soon as roger had left , metcalfe went to the hotel restaurant for breakfast , where he was seated at a small table with a rotund balding man with a gin blossom over his nose and cheeks .
lots of colorful geometrical , animal , and flower motifs , along with unmistakable undulations - intentional , some said , to mimic the sea , but more likely the effect of a weak foundation .
they looked like water lilies , only bushier , the center flower straining through the shade for precious drops of sunlight .
the flower 's soft white petals were arranged in a whorl and emitted no fragrance .
the exterior of both were adorned with lotus and palmetto patterns , rosettes , tendrils , flowers , and leaves .
he saw the revolver hammer click forward and then a flower of bright flame bloomed out from the barrel and a freight train hit him in the chest .
nice wild flowers in the early summer , probably .
the flowers were meaningless without a fifth man .
watering sarah 's flowers is a chore dale likes .
a bored , uniformed man at a central desk directs visitors to the elevators ; stuffed animals and sprays of flowers fill the gift shop 's window ; bathrobed patients tethered to i.v .
these tiny white blooms are what speedy left for him beside the sink in dale 's bathroom , a cluster of impossibly fragrant white blossoms .
she lowers her nose to the flowers and inhales deeply .
two of the others have flowers in a bright border around them , and the third has been dressed up with striped green awnings that make it look more like a house .
i could be your girlfriend , you know , especially if you gave me more of those lovely flowers .
outside is a dry but not unpleasant landscape of red rocks , broom sage , desert flowers that look a bit like sego lilies , stunted pines , and a few barrel cacti .
but there was no need to answer ; wanless 's rhetoric was in full fine flower this morning , the sermon well - launched .
and from everywhere came the smell of fresh flowers .
bees droned in the flowers .
it was a definitely springy set , white with yellow flowers scattered all over , and i let my hair hang loose with a yellow band to hold it back .
i was almost immediately confronted by a curvy vision in bright flowers , perfect nails , and subtle makeup .
if i 'd had the brains god gave a goat , i 'd have sent the flowers to amina , but since i 'd said they were for my mother , i felt stupidly obliged to send them to my mother .
the clover was blooming , yards and yards of it , bright green with bobbing white flowers .
this particular example was sky blue with pink flowers , and the lady who wore it was the same thickness all the way up and down .
gold - tone butterflies in a group of three , one rather pretty painting of a bowl of flowers , two awful prints of cherubic children being sweet with cute animals , a straw basket holding dried flowers that looked extremely dusty , a plaque with the serenity prayer ...
after all , the flowers could be rearranged .
a little awkward , he bent to kiss me , his hands full with the bowl of flowers .
i was a pretty wilted blossom , if so .
it burns and blooms and blossoms , twisting tighter with every faked smile until you wonder , what would it be like to just let it free ?
there 's screaming , sharp and grotesque , but the roars of the crowd recede like the waves until i ca n't hear anything but my own drumming heartbeat and the dull thud of bone on tile as her head cracks back , blood spilling on the pale floor like blossoms in the snow .
` ` something about a plant or flower .
say someone discovers a new form of flower in brazil that treats prostate cancer .
or the flower is almost extinct .
to one side , a barrel - chested man with wild white hair and a bushy beard knelt beside a bed of blooming desert flowers .
a riotous profusion of desert flowers in dusty shades of pink and purple bloomed from the rock faces around them , casting out a sweet perfume , not unlike honeysuckle .
he turned , saw the man from the escalade standing there , felt a small knot blossom in his stomach .
` ` in july , when the wildflowers peaked , we all hiked up to engineer meadow , and the flowers were more spectacular than they 'd been in years .
guess it beats turnin into a cottonwood blossom , bag over my head , rope around my neck , squirmin before a bunch a damn strangers .
spring had not come this year until mid - april , so the last of the pink and white dogwood blossoms still specked the variably green interior of the surrounding forest .
but you can only see her strong , kind face among the blossoms , intent on tidying up her husband 's plot of earth under that magnolia he 'd taught me to climb , the blur of its waxy green leaves behind her .
that 's how poetry blossoms .
this place had the look and feel of the best restaurant in a remote yukon outpost : the dim lighting , white paper tablecloths , plastic flowers , and opulent wine list - red and white .
there was an orange blossom .
for a moment , i swear they surround me , white flowers growing from the grass , and i ' m back in the place with the girl and the boy , fighting not to hold onto reality .
she will say to you , ' ah , young fellow , for what reason are you presenting me with these flowers ? '
expected to treat my husband like a king , turn a blind eye to his affairs , run the household , shout at the staff , choose flowers and pick out doilies , go visiting , take tea , trade gossip with other wives ?
` ` good , '' said rose , without turning her head , bending to inspect flowers .
ezio bowed , handing her the flowers , and did as he was bidden .
early writings spoke of the holy place as having its walls lined with cedar , carved cherubim , palm trees and open flowers embossed with gold , but the temple was now a shadow of its former self .
` ` so many flowers !
` ` i ordered these flowers for claudia auditore 's birthday . ''
angelina 's elderly housekeeper opened it to them and ezio placed the box of flowers on a stone bench in the courtyard .
he wandered into the garden , where he found his mother overseeing work on her cherry trees , from which the blossom was just beginning to fade .
blood billowed out from their shirts , like crimson flowers .
i walked past a dumpster that reeked of slowly stewing fruit and worked my way down onto blossom street .
` ` you have to understand , like i said , he 's one of the easiest parolees i have and he 's never been anything but sweet and polite and , hell , he sent me flowers in the hospital when i broke my leg .
when she forgot her frustration over the case , or once we 'd reached the end of yet another fruitless day , she seemed to stretch and blossom and unwind into the heat , the mangroves , the deep blue sea and salty air .
he was so devastated , he still sends flowers to wetterau 's hospital bed every day . ''
lying together in the smell of flowers and the constant threat of a rain that never fell , as the ships left for europe , as the patriots rallied in the streets , as a new world seemed to sprout beneath them even quicker than the blooming flowers , danny knew the relationship was doomed .
their first night on the rooftop was like the nights during the feasts of the saints , when hanover street was laureled in lights and flowers and the priests led parades up the street and the air smelled of incense and red sauce .
soon the snow began to fall , the flakes small and listing like kites at first , riding the sudden wind , but then as the streetcar bucked its way over the hump of the broadway bridge , the flakes grew thick as flower heads and shot past the windows in the black wind .
two grand pianos , submerged in white flowers , sat on either side of the lobby .
if loretta figgis were to meet with an untimely end - but in such a way as to be plausibly considered an ` ` accident '' -then after a respectful period of mourning , the casino idea would reach full flower .
they 'd been brown when joe went to sleep , but now a carpet of green sported pink and white blossoms that glittered in the soft morning light .
joe and graciela looked across the breadth of their land , from the balcony of their house to the foothills of sierra del rosario , and the blossoms glittered as far as they could see .
later that morning , the workers and their children arrived and went through the fields , stalk by stalk , removing the blossoms .
plants spread their leaves as if they were great birds , and from his window the next morning joe could no longer see the soil , nor any blossoms .
winter , spring , and summer passed away during my labours ; but i did not watch the blossom or the expanding leaves - sights which before always yielded me supreme delight - so deeply was i engrossed in my occupation .
the present season was indeed divine ; the flowers of spring bloomed in the hedges , while those of summer were already in bud .
in the midst of poverty and want , felix carried with pleasure to his sister the first little white flower that peeped out from beneath the snowy ground .
it surprised me that what before was desert and gloomy should now bloom with the most beautiful flowers and verdure .
` ` in the meanwhile also the black ground was covered with herbage , and the green banks interspersed with innumerable flowers , sweet to the scent and the eyes , stars of pale radiance among the moonlight woods ; the sun became warmer , the nights clear and balmy ; and my nocturnal rambles were an extreme pleasure to me , although they were considerably shortened by the late setting and early rising of the sun ; for i never ventured abroad during daylight , fearful of meeting with the same treatment i had formerly endured in the first village which i entered .
but my chief delights were the sight of the flowers , the birds , and all the gay apparel of summer ; when those deserted me , i turned with more attention towards the cottagers .
the wind , which had hitherto carried us along with amazing rapidity , sunk at sunset to a light breeze ; the soft air just ruffled the water , and caused a pleasant motion among the trees as we approached the shore , from which it wafted the most delightful scent of flowers and hay .
he suspected sometimes it was slow , growing like a sweet - smelling flower that buds and blossoms , but other times it could be fast .
the robes had been tied at the waists and spread out to look something like snow angels , while flowers and leaves had been arranged to spell welcome on the comforter .
he grinned , but simply dropped a necklace of flowers over her head , announcing , ` ` this makes you the ship mascot .
then i 'll give you flowers , chocolate and drinks on the way back and we 'll really be going steady . ''
all this man had to do was look at her and her body seemed to awaken and unfurl like a flower opening under the sun .
she wore a pretty black summer dress with big red flowers on it that did little to hide her overlarge pregnancy bump .
the flowers seemed to brighten in the splash of the rain , and magnus took a great , deep breath of the paris air he loved so well .
two rounded ears uncurled like awful flowers on top of his head .
moss grew on the floor with tiny white flowers growing from it .
alexia spotted a massive gold statue of a pious - looking saint sporting jade flowers in his hair and ruby sandals .
` ` ah , my little cherry blossom , we were al playing blind .
we held the ritual in maude 's backyard , a sprawling piece of property filled with palm trees and winter flowers .
flowers and more flowers .
well , i mean , i once sent a girl flowers every day for a month .
the bed was canopied , and there were fresh flowers in vases .
at the front of the church , surrounded by a blizzard of flowers of all colors , was a shiny black coffin with silver trim .
` ` i should most profoundly hope not , '' replied lady maccon with real feeling , looking at the flower - covered monstrosity atop her friend 's sweet round little face and glossy black curls .
madame lefoux took in ivy 's copious flowers and feather bees .
she wandered over to where madame lefoux had actually persuaded miss hisselpenny to don a becoming little straw bonnet with upturned front , decorated about the crown with a few classy cream flowers and one graceful blue feather .
she put a new hat onto ivy 's head , one with a few more flowers .
` ` well , let me tell you , my petunia blossom !
` ` would you charming blossoms like to see my newest acquisition ?
` ` this is the latest and greatest design , squash blossom .
` ` squash blossom , '' she mouthed silently , her expression half offended , half amused .
i 'd never seen so many boxes of chocolates and flowers .
the tables were all set up with a small vase of wild flowers , and the hand painted lamps , lightly swinging above each table , lit the area with a soft glow .
he did n't even send me flowers . ''
i want the cheesy music and the horrid bridesmaid dresses and a sea of flowers and my mother crying hysterically and my sister standing beside me ... '' i looked up at his calm face , his small smile matching mine .
i spent the rest of my shift daydreaming about dresses and flowers and teren 's magnificent body all decked out in a tux .
i vaguely heard the music that was my cue , and vaguely heard my mother tearfully tell me that it was time as she handed me my bouquet of flowers .
she was holding a box of chocolates and a small bouquet of flowers .
waterford crystal vases held flowers that smelled completely fresh and new .
gabriel plucked a deep red flower with a dark , black stamen and gave it to me .
as i did , the smell of hundreds of flowers assaulted me , made me a little dizzy .
each pew had a bouquet of white and pink roses attached to the end , the pale pink flowers matching the shade of the bridesmaid 's dresses .
julian held a basket of flower petals and nika was reaching in and scattering some along the ground as they walked along .
alexander , handsome in a classy suit coat and black jeans , arrived at our front door with a bouquet of flowers .
the cake was a long sheet cake with black flowers and tiny tombstones on it .
round steps collapsed out like flower petals as the pipe telescoped down .
note , for example , that by having larger flowers in taller vases , you can prevent people from conversing across the table , thus confining them to their dinner partners .
the sooties were accustomed to sophronia and sidheag in their parochial garb , but dimity wore a visiting gown and a bonnet with silk flowers .
her feet were bared by jeweled sandals , revealing toenails that were painted black and big toes decorated with white flowers and swirls .
against the stark black of her clothing , her skin had the slightly translucent look of apple blossoms .
a black minidress with a pattern of purple flowers so dark it could hardly be distinguished .
her scent drifted to him - the forest , the flowers , and the night air itself .
there were flowers of all colors carpeting the meadow , lifting their petals to the sky .
` ` the flowers are brilliant , are n't they ? ''
her skin was so pale , she seemed nearly translucent , her blue eyes sunken , like two bruised flowers pressed into her face .
life sprang up from nothing beneath her feet , green stalks , bright colored flowers , a rich tapestry forming on the ground while the little ones stared in awe .
a faint breeze swept into the cavern , bringing the scent of wild flowers and freshly cut grass .
the stars seemed very real , as did the surrounding forest and meadow of flowers .
a fire in the corner held a large pot and francesca put several large stones of various composition into the water along with bunches of the small blue flowers and the bitterroot mandragora .
she crossed through a field of alpine flowers , the blossoms everywhere as she pushed through the high grasses toward the slope of timber .
` ` flowers , '' velda said firmly .
giant tentacles reached for her , flowers opening to reveal tiny piranha - like teeth snapping close to her legs .
destiny inhaled deeply , drawing the fragrance of flowers and her lifemate 's masculine scent into her lungs .
forming an overhead canopy of flowers .
rare night blossoms caught her attention and she stopped to examine one .
the jumbles of flowers that seemed to spring up everywhere .
` ` i ' ve never received flowers before , marie .
when a man goes to the trouble of giving a woman flowers , she should at least have the pleasure of seeing them . ''
` ` i ca n't believe he sent me flowers . ''
` ` oh , marie , the flowers are so beautiful .
she squeezed the trigger and saw the hole blossom in the center of the repulsive forehead even as lucian seemed to disappear for a moment .
a hint of exotic flowers , and something else - something wild .
the wind rose in a sudden rush off the forest floor , carrying a swirling eddy of vegetation , leaves and twigs and petals of flowers in a dark funnel straight toward the sky .
there were teddy bears and balloons and flowers everywhere .
her head lolled back on her fragile neck , like a flower on a stem .
fragrance from the flowers muted the oppressive pollution from the narrow streets , but nothing could drown out the noise .
a variety of herbs were crushed , some lit , filling the air with the scent of woods and flowers .
the scent of blossoms was all around them as their bodies tangled together .
almost at once he could smell a fragrance , a hint of fresh air , a suggestion of wild flowers and forest .
the fragrance of flowers and fresh air surrounded him .
snakes coiled along twisted limbs , hiding among blossoms drenched in rain .
color burst behind dominic 's eyes , blinded him , even within the body of the eagle , so that for a moment all he could see was vivid , acute colors , every shade of green , dazzling reds and violets , the flowers on the trees drenched in water and bright beyond all imagination .
the rain forest burst with color , flowers winding up the tree trunks , great splashes of brilliant purples and pinks and bright ruby reds .
now he could look down from his ever - expanding circle and drink in the sight of the flower - covered trees , the explosion of colors , the vivid greens of the trees and the brilliant hues of the fungus .
after centuries of seeing in black - and - white with shades of gray , now the surrounding jungle held violent color , hues of vivid greens , a riot of colored flowers spilling down tree trunks along with creeper vines .
as she pulled her shoe out , a squishing sound accompanied the unpleasant odor of too - sweet flowers mixed with rotting vegetation .
the vibrant greens and reds of leaves and flowers blended and dulled until it was hard to distinguish color , yet even with the dull gray , she caught the movement of insects and lizards , the flash of the tree frogs and monkeys as they scurried overhead .
the flowers gave off a rotten fragrance , and the scent of death seemed to cling to everything .
she sank rather gingerly onto the bed of leaves and flowers , trying to hold the image of leeches in her mind , but the flowers gave off a wonderful fragrance and the bed was as soft as the best mattress she 'd ever lain on .
shadows receded until there was only the bed of flowers and the fragrance and scent of man and woman calling to each other .
the forest stretched out under him , a dark tangle of trees and flowers , the air heavy with moisture .
the harpy eagle dropped through branches covered with flowers , liana and all kinds of insects hidden in the jumble of greenery .
he had been all over the world , sailed the seas , raced through meadows and fields of flowers and had resided in enormous , beautiful caves , yet he had never done such a simple thing as touch a horse .
the bright vibrant greens of the rain forest , the bursts of brilliant colors of flowers winding up the trunks of trees , even the hues on the lacy ferns all had disappeared to be replaced by a dreary gray .
of course you 're more like a great jungle cat , all teeth and claws , and i ' m more like the hummingbirds buzzing around the flowers .
the diary was an inexpensive drugstore blank book , with a pattern of tiny flowers on the cover .
he took something out of his back pocket and unfolded it , revealing sprigs of a plant with long green leaves and tiny lilac flowers .
he noted the shrubbery and flowers and the round moon and stars .
they stood in the middle of his garden , surrounded by cascading flowers of all colors , birds and butterflies , bees flitting from one bloom to the next , a place of absolute serenity , and time just seemed to stand still for them .
the room seemed filled with the fragrance of flowers .
` ` the house is filled with flowers from christopher .
` ` at least the man has good taste in flowers , '' antonietta said .
night flowers bloomed along the pathway , bringing bright colors to light the way .
` ` well , except for maybe a red flower . ''
there wassomething in there - something like a flower , but black .
black flowers are the symbols of the night world . ''
each species has its own kind of flower , andthen there are other flowers that mean you belongto a certain dub or family .
each species has its own kind of flower , andthen there are other flowers that mean you belongto a certain dub or family .
` ` lamia are traditionallynamed after natural things -- gems andanimalsand flowers and trees .
a tall duster of bell - shaped flowers .
the long black wig was decorated with artificial flowers .
it takes a sharp eye to notice that the flowers are arranged in antiblack magic hexes and the basement windows are often cemented over .
its gray rock was softened by old trees and bright flower beds .
the small pixy woman was perched on a towel rack , looking like an angel in her flowing white silk dress as she embroidered dogwood blossoms on an exquisite shawl for her eldest daughter .
blood bloomed like an opening flower against his chest , staining the front of his white silk shirt and tailored gray trousers .
shanna was her matron of honor and coco and raquel served as flower girls .
all that white could have made the place feel sterile , but there were bold splashes of color in the form of cushions , flowers , and thick , thick rugs that had me wanting to rip off my shoes and run my toes through them .
a medieval suit of armor in the corner of one corridor was decorated liberally with ribbon flowers .
sophronia paused to examine it , only to find tiny mechanical devices hidden within the flowers .
` ` i saw some gourmet honey made from japanese cherry blossoms . ''
aislin picks a glass petal from a flower and flicks it .
leafy vines , dotted with pink flowers , interweave the bars .
below the cage is a small village thick with colorful flowers , green leaves and trees , and grassy forts .
vines and flowers sway from the branch .
he smiles , ducking through a curtain of vines and cerise flowers .
my shoes slip in the loose rocks and mud as i scale to the bush blooming with violet flowers .
violet flowers .
i ' m standing in a field filled with blooming , violet flowers .
there are flowers all around me ; roses , lilies , tulips .
i shut my eyes and picture the kingdom of fey ; the vibrant blooming flowers , the flourishing leaves and trees that encase the land , the grassy forts that are on the ground as well as in the tree branches .
green , leafy vines budding with pink flowers entwine around the throne and up the trees that grow in the room .
the box was made of gleaming cherrywood , delicately carved in a pattern of flowers and birds .
i invoked them all to make the scent of redwood blossom , then handed him the first .
i looked past jenks , seeing sunlit flowers and cheerful storefronts .
taking up the big knife , i started slicing the cake , layering perfectly triangular pieces on paper plates decorated with spring flowers .
in glenn 's hands was a wad of mullein leaves , dandelion blossoms , and jewelweed flowers .
in glenn 's hands was a wad of mullein leaves , dandelion blossoms , and jewelweed flowers .
the timer dinged - or mooed , rather - and leaving him to make up his mind , i added the blossoms of jewelweed and dandelion , crushing them against the side of the pot with a clockwise - never withershins - motion .
the smells of rotting vegetation , old rain and flowers mingled together , forming a conflicting fragrance of sweet and sour .
a mirror consumed one wall , while flowers and vines were painted on another .
there was a dusky glow over the breath - takingly lush green foliage and stunning array of colorful blossoms .
the accompanying hat was , of course , ridiculous : almost conical in shape but covered with what looked to be the feathers of at least three pheasants mixed in with a good deal of blue and yellow silk flowers .
` ` oh , my darling pea blossom , your professor might enjoy it a little too much .
i shall take your advice about the flower , of course . ''
` ` my darling pumpkin blossom , it is not my intent to engender such gripping affection , i assure you .
` ` not me or mine , i assure you , blossom . ''
the nightgown , too , was pink , a foulard with printed magenta flowers , replete with ruching , frillings , a quantity of lace trim , and a particularly large ruff about the neck .
there was even a line of masquerade goggles trimmed with feathers and flowers .
elegant greek urns held massive arrangements of flowers - pale cream roses with pink edges and long leaf ferns .
upon it lay the supine form of a young lady , dressed to match the china in a white damask evening gown with pink flowers .
` ` my precious plum blossom , do you have any idea who is sitting in the back alleyway behind the kitchen right this very moment ? ''
two ferns in dusty pots bracketed the front door , looking like big green spiders , and some sort of vine with purple flowers had taken over an entire wall .
it is a pool of dew collected from night - blooming flowers found on the highest hill in -- '' ` ` what .
each light rested on what looked like a dark purple flower .
likewise , the wal paper was white with long green stems of grass , like a jungle , punctuated by the occasional brightly colored flower .
cal curled his fingers around mine and raised my left hand to the brownish flower .
black soil rained down on my feet , and the purple flower drooped even further .
the flower was stil awful y droopy , but just behind it were two other smal er , non - droopy flowers .
` ` it is indeed true , '' he said , handing the flowers to the witch .
jez bit her lip slowly , watching the strange thing blossom on the tv again .
the florist showed us several purple flowers .
i opened it to find a brilliant blue flower .
on closer inspection , it appeared to be a bouquet of flowers .
her expression was that of a smitten girl who was touched to have received flowers from two boys .
stormy returned with the vase of flowers .
atop a slight rise to her left , a majestic tree rained white blossoms over a field of clover .
she smelled the rain , the blossoms , his heady scent .
falling cherry blossoms kissed her flat belly , her br**sts , her lips .
he was perched atop the highest ledge of the mountain , overlooking a breathtaking vista of trees and flowers , and a waterfall that glistened like liquid pearls .
the air boasted summer scents , dewy foliage and blooming flowers .
the walls were painted with beautiful murals of frolicking centaurs , lush meadows , and blooming flowers .
the smell of the detergent and bleach was kind of pleasant , like really sharp flowers , the kind that would cut you if you tried to pick them .
she blushed as she took the flowers .
mirrors replaced the chalkboard , and a long vanity lined with makeup cases , flowers , and congratulations cards sat in place of a teacher 's desk .
i turned the corner and walked past gigantic pristine estates with lush green lawns and purple and yellow flowers until i found an unkempt , overgrown weed - filled lawn .
an exotic flower that opens its fragrant petals only under the coaxing of night .
delicate as jasmine flowers , with big , liquid eyes and a sweetly rounded face .
` ` the color has faded , but the flowers were a beautiful shade of lavender blue . ''
he touched the glass cover on the box , tracing the outline of the stems and flowers .
yet at the very first sight of him , her heart had begun , very slowly , to unfurl , to blossom , and it continued to do so .
wandering roses grew over the metal , their vines following the contours of every loop and curlicue , dotting them with apricot and yellow blossoms .
from the beams , hanging baskets overflowed with ferns and colorful flowers .
sebastian sent the flowers to becky .
the breeze was gentle , and the scent of flowers filled the air .
it was fun watching such a sweet romance blossom .
the scent of flowers and tropical plants in the air .
yellow , pink , and red flowers grew in random bunches now , cheerful tulips mixing with jonquil and iris .
her tan was deep and dark , and she was lazily dangling a pink flip - flop with a yellow flower on top from her perfectly manicured toes .
she was dressed in a pink , clinging sheath dress with huge lime - outlined flowers climbing the fabric , and her shoes were prissy - perfect in matching pink .
i could see her taking it all in , the flowers , the green grass , and the musical water in the background .
these frail blossoms are all very well in their way , for i know the fashion these days is for ladies with less meat on 'em than a butcher 's pencil , but a gentleman such as me , who has been around the world and seen a thing or two , well , he learns the value of ...
a beautiful , round marble table with fresh - cut flowers in a crystal vase greeted us immediately , along with the sound of laughter and voices and kids playing .
along some of the shelves were vases and flowers .
brightly colored flowers - petunias , impatiens , daisies - were growing everywhere , by the sides of the path and in front of the buildings .
al across the grass in front of them were heaped flowers , letters , and teddy bears .
` ` we do n't put anything on the v , lorelai , '' he told her coldly , and bent to pick up the flowers .
more flowers had been scattered on the floor , and the scent of the crushed blossoms underfoot was so strong that it was dizzying .
torches burned brightly , flowers were arranged around the makeshift altar .
elegant flowers tossed their fragrances into the wind and large blue lotus blossoms drifted down from the air landing softly on the ground .
elegant flowers tossed their fragrances into the wind and large blue lotus blossoms drifted down from the air landing softly on the ground .
you can try the lotus blossoms in the real spiritlands . ''
in between rolling hills and mounds of rocks , acres of dark pink flowers grew , their vibrant green foliage waving in the breeze .
at the front of the church , a closed oak casket was covered with flowers .
unbidden , images of my betrothed popped up in my mind : rosalyn giggling over her new puppy , giddily discussing flower combinations for our wedding , risking the wrath of her maid by planting a covert kiss on my cheek at the end of one visit .
she plucked a few blossoms from the basket , twining them into a bouquet .
father emerged from the study into the living room , several long branches filled with tiny , lilac - like purple flowers in his arms .
when her statue was carried to the shore each year , the procession was so splendid that all rome turned out to see the egyptian gods with their animal heads , the huge abundance of flowers and the statue of the queen mother herself .
i will heap your altar with flowers and light your fire .
the flowers were dead .
i saw my sacrifice lying there , a great garland of sweet - smelling white flowers , and the warm loaf of bread .
and when i looked down at the beautiful white flowers , i thought , ` ` it is your wisdom , mother , that these bloom . ''
many people were coming and going with flowers and bread and some with birds to be set free for the goddess , birds that would take wing out of the high window of her sanctuary .
what a blaze of flowers covered the wall !
look at the roaring red of those flowers !
` ` the flowers , the stars , the wine , the kisses of one 's lover , all is part of nature , surely , '' i said .
then i slid down the inside of the wall , tickled all over by the thick overlay of bristling and brilliant leaves , and i lay my head in the matted tendrils and blossoms .
there were lemon trees , and many a marble statue of a lazy , sensuous god or goddess , round which flowers grew in rich purple or blue .
diana , the huntress , rose from a bed of orange blossoms , the marble old and pitted .
i could see the slow minute beginnings of decay of the various flowers , and it seemed but another strain of the same song that expressed their growth , their browning edges but another color in no contradiction to their brilliant colors .
a shower of flower petals descended upon us as upon a bridal couple in rome , and marius held my arm as though we had just been we d , and all around us people sang .
only the flowers clung to life in the perfumed air .
in your kindness you characterize it as a garden from which the mother gathered flowers and leaves to make a garland for you , a trap , as you said .
i did , and inside i found a bed of crushed lilies and rose petals , of silken pillows , and bits of dried flower kept for scent .
the old woman wore a long black dress , and her eyes were shielded by a straw hat covered with artificial flowers .
stefan joined her , handing her a sprig of columbine with yel ow bel -shaped blossoms to add to her tiny wildflower bouquet .
she looked away from stefan 's warm green eyes , so different from damon 's dark ones , and twisted the thick stalk of the queen anne 's lace around the other flowers .
elena handed it up to the front seat , and bonnie turned the stem around careful y in her hand , looking at the blossom from al angles .
he held out a tanned fist , turned it over , and opened his hand to reveal a camel ia blossom , waxy and white , closed his hand , then opened it again to reveal a tightly furled bud .
she watched intently as he opened and closed his hand several times , revealing flower then bud , flower then bud .
` ` magic , of course , '' he said , smiling , and opened his hand to let the camel ia blossom fal at elena 's feet .
elder blossoms can be used for exorcism , protection , or prosperity , bonnie read , lying flopped down on her bed , chin propped on her hands .
sitting at one of the tiny tables , stefan had told her how to make a traditional italian cappuccino , and that had led to his reminiscing about the great feasts of his youth during the renaissance : aromatic soups sprinkled with pomegranate seeds ; rich roasts basted with rosewater ; pastries with elder flowers and chestnuts .
` ` trixie , back to work on the cherry blossoms .
except in my case everything was black and some of the flowers were dead .
mom had let me pick out a new bedspread yesterday , but i 'd been so overwhelmed by all the patterns and the flowers and the pop stars that i 'd ended up picking a plain green blanket that looked almost identical to the covers i 'd left behind .
` ` so , laura , thanks for the flowers . ''
the grounds were well lit and colorful with spring blossoms .
he left cheerful messages and sent flowers to her at the white house .
sent more flowers and a fruit basket to her mother 's room at the hospital .
they both laugh as the girl runs out from behind a tree and sprints across the grass into a field of violet flowers .
a bush budding with violet flowers , growing out of the middle of the hill .
there are a lot of silly objects inside it ; a rock , a leather bracelet , and what looks like a bouquet of pressed flowers .
they strolled along , presenting a fetching picture : ivy in cream muslin with rose flowers , and alexia in her favorite blue walking gown with velvet edging .
whose invitation , my dearest petunia blossom ? ''
he held the offensive article - a purple velvet affair covered with yellow flowers and a large stuffed guinea fowl - between thumb and forefinger and retreated out of the room .
evylin proved this universal law by proudly displaying her own new evening gloves in silvery blue satin with rose - colored flowers embroidered about the edge .
he knew a phenomenal amount about who must be invited , who should be invited , what the invitations ought to look like , which flowers to order , and so forth .
we 'll have spring flowers soon , hannah thought .
the blossom was inset with tiny stones - black transparent stones .
but a black flower ?
they 'd been born for each other , to help each other grow and blossom and discover and evolve .
lotus blossoms , small cakes , and beer .
a pin in the shape of a black flower .
thea opened a canister and fingered the dried purple and yellow flowers gently .
thea looked at the three star - shaped blue flowers lying on her palm .
she made necklaces of bees and butterflies , spiraling flowers , serpents , leaping dolphins .
every line , every curve , every flower stem could have a meaning , could make the eye follow a pattern that was as powerful as any symbol traced on the floor in chalk .
claire blessingway as the navajo goddess changing woman , in a dress decorated with red flower petals and turquoise .
from under his cape , he produced a flower : a single red rose , so dark it was almost black .
maple trees , spruce trees and lilac trees lined the sides and back , interspersed with irises , rose bushes , climbing clematis and various other flowers .
birds were singing and flapping around in the birdbath , butterflies were dancing among the flowers , and there was a squirrel digging in the garden , no doubt in search of a walnut it had buried there .
the mask was beautiful - an icy blue , decorated with silver leaves and flowers .
blond hair from the cafe held up a small plastic bag filled with dried herbs and flowers .
i squirmed as ms . terwilliger dumped a bowl full of dried leaves and flowers over my head .
a central area had been cleared and set with seats draped in flowers , very much like what you 'd see at a human wedding .
a dais at the front of the seating area was covered in more flowers and was obviously where the couple would take their vows .
trees and other plants heavy with brightly colored flowers lined the sides , filling the humid air with a perfume that was almost dizzying .
studying it more closely , i could see a tiny pattern of silver flowers painted on its surface .
it looked exactly the same : flowers everywhere , tables covered in white linen and crystal glasses ...
i produced a dried thistle blossom and crumpled it toward alicia , shouting a greek incantation that would blind her .
there were forests and flowers that were distorted .
on a long table was a big flower arrangement of lilies and black roses .
as she turned and put her feet on the floor , she grasped the tall post , feeling the carvings of clematis flowers and leaves twining around it .
she admitted she was impressed by how competently he did everything , his large hands comfortable handling such delicate things as flowers and china .
` ` there 's an herb with a white and gold flower , one of those long names no one can pronounce .
` ` but no matter how long i live , and how long you live , we will both look at the same flower and see different things .
lotus blossoms and red roses .
here , the grass was neatly trimmed , and bouquets of flowers made splashes of bright color .
she leaned over to place a purple impatiens blossom she 'd picked along the way in front of the marker .
the purple blossom was a blur on the ground .
seed heads bobbed at the ends of long grasses and flowers opened toward the sky , taking in the last bright sun of the year .
if my eyes were dazzled by the sight of the dancers , the scents of the room almost overpowered the rest of my senses : expensive perfumes , huge vases of exotic flowers , sweat , and punch , and somewhere someone was bleeding from a pin left in her dress by a careless maid .
just think , we 'll have completed a ... beautiful day ... with you in your beautiful , uh ... '' ` ` cream brocade with flemish lace on the sleeves and bodice and an ivory satin sash with a veil of matching ivory silk flowers , '' she sniffled .
garlands of expensive and exotic flowers hung along the pews , and the scent of orange and lemon was heavy in the air .
overhead hung giant balls of flowers like fireworks in petals .
the bride and groom 's table was festooned with palm fronds and garlands of huge flowers , and was covered with every expensive delicacy you could want to eat - or show off that you could afford .
i could n't help touching a fingertip to a blossom that was near the surface , and feeling the ridge of rime that separated it from my skin .
oversize blossoms fanned out intermittently , bold circles of vivid yellow .
she surveyed all the pie blossoms , named so because each bloom was as big as a pie , its scent as sweet .
the room smelled like flowers .
i groaned , stretching out in the shade of a prickly bush with small purple flowers .
the seamstress rummaged through her line of designs , hung up on a line tied between two wooden posts decorated with ribbons and clusters of dried flowers , like miniature versions of maypoles .
huge urns overflowing with flowers in passionate colors , fountains with erotic and often disturbing statuary .
when seanna strolled toward them , he saw they had been placed in poses in the midst of circles of flowers and elegantly landscaped shrubs and ordered to remain motionless .
real flower petals in different hues were scattered over their backs .
they had their heads bowed and arms around each other 's shoulders so the overall effect was of a white - petaled flower with a brown center , like a daisy scattered with color from those strewn petals .
jasmine flowers woven into the cords allowed vampires to be guided by their scent .
she was flying , the rest like a cherry tree 's blossoms drifting around her in the void .
cherry blossoms fluttering around her as a handsome man danced her around a wide floor .
she looked up in time to be baptized by a shower of them , floating down on her with the fra- grant smell of cherry blossom petals .
both the hem and leg slit were twined with amber leaves and emerald flowers .
to the side , steam curled from a bathing pool , twining around the flower petals that floated on the surface .
` ` we ' ve got to take a rest , '' she gasped , stopping by a stream where huge fleshy yellow flowers grew .
a salad that seemed to be made of more wild plants than lettuce - flowers and what looked like weeds .
in the candlelight , she and marius had sung hymns to them together ; she herself had burnt the incense , placed before them the flowers ; she had sworn never to reveal the location of the sanctuary lest other blood drinkers come to destroy marius , to steal his charges and feast gluttonously on the original and most powerful blood .
the rooms were always full of flowers , the foods he craved came on silver trays .
oh , italy , it had to be , with this gentle embracing warm air and a full moon shining down on the great sweep of trees and flowers , and beyond , the villa of the mysteries at the very edge of ancient pompeii .
its delicate blossoms shivered in clusters , its great twining arms white as bone .
no more one of the teeming millions who would sleep in this dank odoriferous earth , beneath the broken withered flowers , without name or knowledge , all vision lost .
they stood beneath the dead tree twined full of airy purple wisteria blossoms .
and the blossoms stroked his face , the clusters of waxy petals .
something came back to him , something he had known long ago - that in the language of an ancient people the word for flowers was the same as the word for blood .
the yellow flowers .
jesse reached out , took one of the blossoms in both hands , and the petals came loose instantly .
yet she kept staring at the gilded birds , the small , wonderfully wrought flowers and trees .
aaron filled her room with flowers .
it seemed that sweet music was playing , and that the earth had suddenly yielded spring flowers of every color and description , and that the air was full of perfume .
somewhere , from the sunlit recesses of my mortal memory a day came back , a day like many before it , when in the month of may in our village we had crowned a statue of the virgin amid banks of sweet - smelling flowers , when we had sung exquisite hymns .
we saw sunny fields and flowers and images of things she 'd known in childhood ; and then only brilliant colors and little more .
and in privacy , and by the light of oil lamps , my sister and i removed the gown from our mother and covered her body completely with fresh flowers and leaves .
` ` before the palace into which we were taken as royal prisoners were great columns made from enormous jungle grasses , which had been dried and bound together and plastered with river mud ; and within a closed court a lake had been made , full of lotus blossoms and surrounded by flowering trees .
they brought vases of flowers with them ; they were placing them everywhere .
the familiar scent of flowers , the spell .
in fact the people now wait for them in a great multitude , hailing them as the god and the goddess , the very image of osiris and isis , deities of the moon , and tossing flowers before them , and bowing down to them . ` `
i looked instead on these verdant green hills , now patched with tiny farms , a picture book world with flowers blooming in profusion , the red poinsettia as tall as trees .
and out of the flagstone floor a great tree had risen , hung with moon blossoms , pushing back with its gnarled limbs the last remnants of the old timbers that had once held the roof .
` ` only it was night and the lamps burnt low in the arcades of the court ; and an evil light played upon the gilded lotus blossoms of the pillars , and upon the painted silhouettes which covered the walls .
there had been a mist crawling over the earth , thinning above the ferns and the few scattered winter wild flowers , and then paling utterly into phosphorescence as it rose among the giant trees .
the cathedral - like black room was ful of flowers .
this one , going by the story , was in the middle range , because a ` ` paradise '' was a kind of garden , with exotic flowers blooming everywhere , and little streams bubbling down smal waterfal s into clear , deep pools .
yet another gate led to a field of magical flowers , and another showed butterflies flittering around a splashing fountain .
and then there was a gate which showed the prize of al flowers : the royal radhika .
blossoms were flying in a breeze that rustled other cherry and peach trees nearby - causing a rain of dawn - colored petals .
growing in a field as far as she could see were tal bushes thick with long - stemmed roses - the blossoms of which were a velvety - looking black .
a simple enough thing to say ... but actual y to see it ... elena watched in astonishment as a dozen or so thick , twining stems , topped by gorgeous white cal a lily blossoms , trembled slightly .
the three golden fountains in the middle of the room ( the central one was the largest and most elaborate ) threw into the air not water , but delicately perfumed flower petals that sparkled like diamonds in turning at their apex and then floated down again .
shinichi sat for a moment , as if watching a cherry blossom fall , then shut his eyes .
` ` oh , come a ' tae me , ye fair pretty maidens haste ye lassies tae my bosom come tae me by sunlight or moonlight while the roses still are in blossom ... '' in his dream , damon was angry .
she looked the poultices over and picked a round one that smelled of flowers and musk to put on her forehead .
she was a blossom with nectar untasted , and shinichi was in no hurry to see her buried underground .
he simply held out his hands and said , ` ` lemon - thyme chicken consommandbrvbar ; , hot , in a mikasa cup - and plum flower oil , very warm , in a vial . ''
plum flower always made for a good start .
on the ground , spreading out like a circle expanding , flowers of all colors bloomed , sweet violets in clumps here and banks of queen anne 's lace there , and wild roses climbing everywhere .
there are spring flowers in midsummer .
if damon 's mind had been like a house , she would have wanted to tidy it up , and fill every room with flowers and starlight .
now damon was giving her a rose kiss by swirling the blossom in a circle on her cheek and then applying pressure .
i wanted to get some sleep to be ready for another day of running around , supervising , and watching lady ulma 's estate blossom like a rose - but now i ' m afraid i 'll just have nightmares about stefan 's hand slowly slipping out of mine .
music ... music and lights everywhere ... elena herself , although thrilled by the sights , sounds , and glorious scents coming from huge banks of flowers as well as from the guests , both male and female , felt a slight fear like a small rock in her stomach .
that tells both of them they 're out , elena thought as she saw understanding blossom in both faces .
all about how bloddeuwedd had been made out of flowers and brought to life by the gods , and how she had betrayed her husband to his death , and how , in punishment , she had been doomed to spend each night from midnight to dawn as an owl .
the white ballroom smelled of flowers and was garlanded with large , opulent blooms in the midst of abundant greenery .
she would have skin like the faintest blush of pink on an apple blossom , elena thought , staring unashamedly .
and she would give off a scent that was like a bouquet of all the first blossoms of spring .
i mean what reason would a beautiful blossom like her have to protect shinichi and misao ?
was n't her face actually the shape of an apple - blossom petal as well as having the petal 's faint bloom ?
there was one flower in the middle .
fresh - cut flowers were placed in large crystal bowls on every polished , gleaming surface , and the chandeliers were heavy gold .
carriages filed the roads , peddlers on the corners hawked everything from flowers to newspapers to tobacco , and a cacophony of languages made it impossible to pick out any distinct conversations .
in front of us , the lead actress stood on stage , blowing kisses to the audience , while members of the front row were throwing flowers toward her .
i trust him , i trust him not , i thought as i dropped each silky flower fragment to the grass .
a bubble of blood rose in damon 's throat and he spat , staining the path with a blossom of bright red .
` ` william flowers . ''
the bush had long green leaves and cascading purple flowers , each made of a round spray of thin petals .
flowers picked one of the blossoms and sniffed it .
she remembered the cascading purple blossoms of the mimosa in mrs .
there was a magnolia tree near them , its heavy waxy white blossoms hanging overhead , filling the air with their sweet , heady scent .
cupping her hands into the shape of a magnolia blossom , she curled her toes against the soil , thought of the distant stars , and lifted .
on the tree branch above , a magnolia blossom slowly began to fill with light .
bonnie flicked a finger , and a blossom detached itself from the tree .
another followed , then more , until a trail of glowing blossoms , like little lanterns , floated up above the trees .
bonnie looked at him , looked at them all , their faces upturned and gently lit by the glowing blossoms and the stars .
elena felt worry blossom in her stomach for him and everyone else in the house .
` ` i 'd rather have the actual flowers though . ''
the dried remains of blossoms at the ends of the shoots were almost invisible , and no one could pretend the shoots themselves were decorative .
` ` me , too , but do n't crush the flowers . ''
tears filled elena 's eyes , and she looked down to hide them , gazing at the long slender stems with the dried remains of tiny lilac flowers at the very tips .
all of this is miami , city of water , city of speed , city of tropical flowers , city of enormous skies .
petit - point flowers .
so tender the wet waxen flowers growing in the higher more verdant branches , slumbering in the promise of the morning light .
a thick mist rose from the floor of the jungle , catching this precious illumination and diffusing it even to the tiniest nooks and crannies beneath shuddering flowers and leaves .
and in a flash i saw him staring at me in the sunlit glade , david of years ago in splendid youth , smiling , and suddenly , for a split second , superimposed upon the image , or springing from within it like an unfolding flower , there appeared another figure , another man .
in a haze , i saw the sumptuous furnishings , the immense vases of flowers , and the smartly dressed tourists drifting past .
wet and fragrant , the flowers blooming over the garden walls .
had he told me about the mountains that you could look immediately down into the deep soft valleys and that the neighboring slopes seemed so close you thought you could touch them , though they were far , far away i do n't think so , but he had described well the flowers - the shrimp plant with its tiny blossoms , and the orchid tree and the ginger lilies , yes , those fierce red lilies with their delicate shivering petals , and the ferns nestled in the deep glades , and the waxen bird - of - paradise and the tall stiff pussy willows , and the tiny yellow - throated blossoms of the trumpet vine .
had he told me about the mountains that you could look immediately down into the deep soft valleys and that the neighboring slopes seemed so close you thought you could touch them , though they were far , far away i do n't think so , but he had described well the flowers - the shrimp plant with its tiny blossoms , and the orchid tree and the ginger lilies , yes , those fierce red lilies with their delicate shivering petals , and the ferns nestled in the deep glades , and the waxen bird - of - paradise and the tall stiff pussy willows , and the tiny yellow - throated blossoms of the trumpet vine .
the armoire and chests were white and decorated with brightly painted flowers .
while he smelled salt and dew , flower blossoms , fruit and aroused female - damn , but he wanted to banish that scent !
while he smelled salt and dew , flower blossoms , fruit and aroused female - damn , but he wanted to banish that scent !
and finally , artemis , twin sister to apollo , as wild as the flowers growing on earth - and as cold as ice .
he was engaged at first , it must be admitted , in beautifying said paperwork by trimming the corners and adding necessary swirls and flowers to the text .
marie the florist who specialized in dead flowers ?
vines surrounded the animal , twining together at the top and the bottom with sprigs of flowers that had n't been seen in centuries .
each flower sparkled like it was cut from crystal and planted in the snow .
they 're the most beautiful flowers i ' ve ever seen . ''
he d enjoyed zipping through the trees at vampire speed with the cool breeze whipping at his face and filling his nostrils with the heady scent of newly budded leaves and flowers .
he strode through a flower bed , trampling the new blossoms underfoot .
they walked down a brick path , flanked by brilliant yellow and red flowers .
in the distance , he could see fruit trees bursting with spring flowers .
connor , you re riding a pink horse with a garland of flowers .
the bud unfurled into a large , beautiful blossom .
the blossoms opened and filled her nostrils with a sweet scent .
fragrant wild flowers never seemed to mask its pungent smell .
the pattern appeared to be a flourish of vines and flowers , but as he looked closer he realized that each of the four blades also bore a single word engraved lovingly within its ornate design : faith .
niko sent the burgeoning shoots into the ravine , then stood to watch as the dead were soon draped by a blanket of soft new leaves and blossoms .
thick walls of fragrant shelter formed a haven around them , the lush greenery interspersed with the same tiny white flowers that renata had found in mira 's room .
renata said , laughing , delighted in spite of the knowledge that the beautiful flowers and vines were just a temporary veil .
i saw in flashes our field of tender white irises and red irises , the loveliest flowers of tuscany , the wild irises of our land , blowing in the greenest grass , and i saw her running away from me .
i felt myself holding her in the high moist grasses of the field , and she lay beneath me , but these were dreams and there were no wild red flowers , and i was being taken somewhere , and she had but weakened me , pulled on my heart with the force of her own .
the costumes embraced a great nationality of styles , from the very french to the modern florentine , and everywhere there were gay circles of red - dyed silk or the red field covered with flowers or some other design which looked very like stars or crescent moons , i could not quite see it .
ursula brought up a rose - colored napkin from the fold of her long high - waisted french gown , a pale pink tissue of a thing stitched on the edges with green leaves and pink flowers , and on this she wiped her lovely red tears and looked at me , as if she were crushed with longing .
one of them , the one crowned with flowers , the one who wore the sky - blue sleeves , the one who had so caught my heart when i had seen him in the annunciation with my father , the one with whom i had fallen in love , moved towards me .
there was an endless strip of rich carpet before us , full of persian flowers deeply embedded within a field of midnight blue .
at that very instant the sun had struck the figure of lucifer , the giant red angel above his masses and masses of red flowers , which were fresh as they had been the night when i had been brought to this place .
twilight filled the space above , violet - colored , like the flowers of the meadow , and she stood over me .
` ` and under the moon their flowers shine as prettily for our magical eyes as ever they do for humans by the light of god 's sun .
there was a bouquet of flowers in each hand , and he looked awkward as he stopped before me .
i actually had him handcuffed , and then- '' ` ` you touched the baby , '' jenks said from somewhere in the flowers .
thanks for the flowers . ''
jenks rose up from the flowers , this time covered in pollen .
decaying flowers .
apple trees - either laden with fruit or dotted with blossoms - grew in profusion .
the water was turquoise , and each basin was surrounded by ferns or had islands of flowers dotting it .
keller was a meat - eater and had never cared much about flowers or other vegetation , but now she remembered a line from a poem , and it froze in her mind like lightning : nature 's first green is gold .
there was something almost creepy in the way his eyes clung to girls , and when he looked at diana , it was like watching a slug crawl over a peach blossom .
` ` where is a sweet blossom like you going on a night like this ? ''
we open the door and the foyer is filled with flowers in multi - sized and colored vases .
there are more flowers there , and many containers of food , some still warm .
` ` flowers remind you of the fleeting nature of life . ''
` ` must be the flowers .
the flowers , casseroles and phone calls continue to flood in .
she 's wearing the cutest skirt with tiny pink flowers on it , and she has folded her white peasant top so it wo n't wrinkle while she gets her daily sun dose .
the wooden furniture , lots of flowers , lots of painted teacups on the wall .
the flower on the cover of the box is pure white .
` ` sorry , sweet blossom , but this is going to be a little awkward for a while .
she 's always been willowy , like a tall flower stalk .
others are smudged with time , worn away by water and wind and snow , the flowers and candles are long gone .
she had so many that our yard would be covered in their bulbous flowers , rising with the sun and drooping at the end of the day , their blooms lasting for such a fleeting time .
books on a shelf , rows of flowers , roads .
lots of non - fiction about biology and animals and flowers .
when i 'd told him about my mother being sick , he 'd brought me flowers and cards and candy and held my hand and texted me and made me lunch and had been the sweetest .
` ` -is a lot of flowers , you have n't seen anything .
it was a lot of flowers .
we had a fig tree , a willow tree , and two date palms , and flowers of all kinds , grape vines covering the arbor where we could take our evening meal , and fountains that never stopped sending their rivers of sparkling water down into the basins where the fish darted about like living jewels .
` ` the brickwork was glazed and beautiful , and had many figures in it , having been built by some akkadian before us , before the chaldeans came , and it was full of blue and red and yellow and flowers , but there was also plenty of grass in the courtyard , and then the room off it where the ancestors were buried .
the pillars were gold and made to look like great lotus blossoms at the top .
i saw nothing but a blur of waving arms , of garlands tossed in the air , of flowers falling , but i heard my father : ' i will go before thee , and make the crooked places straight ... ... and i will give thee the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that thou mayest know that i , the lord , which call thee by thy name , am the god of israeli ` ` the singing went on and on , following us to the gates of the temple .
ah , the colors of the flowers , look at them .
this memory is so vivid to me , perhaps because the wall was white and covered in red flowers , and the olive tree was twisted and old , and many - branched as they get , and the green grass sprouting between the marble squares of the garden was soft .
and she the young queen with the dark shining hair and the painted coat came up the steps to the landing , her face innocent and bright as she reached for a long black scarf , a beaded scarf , a lovely twinkling thing , and caught it in her fingers , dangling from the hook , a scarf full of dark stitched flowers and shimmering embroidered designs , lovely , as if meant for her .
as for her , she had the passion of a young woman , whether she was dying or not , or perhaps more truly the passion of a woman in full flower .
i wanted to touch the inner flesh of her thighs , and see whether the fleece - covered flower there was as well preserved as everything else .
the courtyard exploded with giant red african flowers , lovely purple vines , and the most lacy and soft trees , dancing in the captured breeze .
i was staring into the garden , at the big red flowers , like trumpets , and realized for the first time that there were dim electric lights there on these flowers .
the birds had begun to sing , and i could feel the sun , smell the trees welcoming the sun , smell the jacaranda blossoms opening far below .
orchids , the wild screeching south american birds with their long blue and yellow feathers , the vines dripping pink or yellow blossoms .
the room was filled with flowers .
he smelled of clean linen , fresh flowers , the spring rain .
beyond the banks of fresh and fragrant flowers in the lamp - lit shrine sat the immovable pair : akasha and enkil .
how amazed gregory - nebamun of old - had been by flavius 's stories of king enkil and akasha , now mute and blind living statues who never showed the slightest sign of sentience as they sat on a throne above banks of flowers and fragrant lamps in a gilded shrine .
he maintained them in a magnificent shrine , filled with flowers , and lamps , its walls painted with verdant gardens .
a cloud of the sweetest perfume enveloped me , something of green herbs , flowers , and citrus , very strong .
jesse was drooping like a broken flower .
gregory asked , taking a moment to breathe deeply , to sense the moment , to drink in the perfume of the lilies in their painted pots , to look at the shivering wisteria hanging down from the trellis that ran up the wall behind armand , with its purple blossoms like an abstract painting of a cluster of grapes .
all around us passages opened from this great central place to other parts of the seeming city , while above the dome itself was decorated in brilliant sections of green and blue and gold mosaic swirling with vines and blossoms , bordered in red and gold at the top of the walls .
everywhere i saw mixtures of historical motifs , ribbons of egg - and - dart decoration dividing diamond - shaped panels of multipetaled flowers or dark blue night behind symmetrical stars , or painting so vividly real it seemed a glimpse here and there into a real garden .
we followed her down another corridor of splendid gold enameling , bordered in delicately wrought flowering trees with blossoms like jewels , and into another large and splendid chamber .
his face was so bright , it made her think of something d. h. lawrence had written , a line from sons and lovers , about a man 's face in his youth having been ` ` the flower of his body . ''
drowsy green palms and blue and pink and red flowers in bronze pots were placed every few feet in tasteful groupings .
why , his entire charm is that he 's as fragile as a wisteria blossom , as an orchid .
there were banks of flowers , and pathways winding through patches of flowers , and all of this artfully lighted with electric bulbs concealed at the roots of the trees and the shrubbery , and little japanese stone lanterns here and there on patches of grass with flickering flames .
there were banks of flowers , and pathways winding through patches of flowers , and all of this artfully lighted with electric bulbs concealed at the roots of the trees and the shrubbery , and little japanese stone lanterns here and there on patches of grass with flickering flames .
i heard the blood throbbing in him , and time dissolved , and it seemed i was in some old and secret place , some warm tropical grotto we 'd once shared , ours alone in some way , with the scent of sweet olive blossoms and the whisper of moist breeze .
is that dying , for a young man to grow into a man in his prime , for a beautiful young bud of a woman to become the full blossom ? ''
he was part of this , this night with its sweet mild rain , and this whispering garden with its fragrant flowers and its trees , and the breezes that moved their branches .
i 'd always loved magnolia street , lined with houses from that same era , shaded by huge trees and enhanced with bright flower beds .
tara had slipcovered the love seat and couch recently , and she 'd hung some pretty pictures of the thomas kinkade school : lots of cute cottages with flowers , or lofty trees with the sun grazing the tops .
ancient trees with long gnarled branches like clutching fingers stood guard over a garden whose flowers were famously as ferocious as they were stunning .
it has a stone - flagged front porch big enough for two large urns full of flowers and a little bench .
younger , blonder , prettier , sitting under a shade tree , staring off into the distance as little pink flower petals floated around her .
yet the flower was lush and full , too , and it clung close to the branch like a rose .
the flower was the most exotic , mesmerizing thing i 'd ever seen .
but when my fingertip touched the flower , it instantly darkened , withering and drying as each petal turned black .
instead of a wreath of flowers like they wore in old pictures , i wore silver stars in my hair , small enough to look like jeweled clips .
a brooch , carved of something that was as black as the night sky but shone brilliantly : i realized that it was a pair of flowers , exotic and sharp petaled , just like the one in my dream .
if i caught sight of the perfect black flowers , i 'd lose my nerve .
the black flowers gleamed in my hand again , as perfect and as beautiful as they had ever been .
candles still burned next to ham - mered brass mirrors , reflecting mellow , flickering light throughout the room ; but this year , the walls and tables had been decorated with thousands and thousands of flowers , all different kinds , but all of them snowy white .
i did n't know until i saw the strange , sharp - bladed red flowers begin darkening to black .
but some of the dreams i 'd had before had sort of come to pass : the black flowers that later turned up on the brooch lucas bought for me , or charity helping to set evernight academy on fire .
i nodded and leaned my head on his shoulder and looked up at the newborn nebula , which was opening above us like a pale blue flower .
a palm frond brushed against the window and tropical flowers were piled high in vases .
a date cut into a flower served as garnish .
they were smiling , squinting against bright sunlight as they stood in a field dappled with spring flowers .
crystal vases filled with crystal flowers sat on low silver tables , and the white couches for waiting guests were full .
i looked over at monica who brightened immediately at the sight of chad , or perhaps the flowers .
the big guy came bearing gifts , and the sight of him daintily holding the string of a helium - filled balloon in one hand and clutching a fistful of flowers in the other was enough to make my heart smile .
the hallway was lined with polished tables and flowers .
aaron king , knighthorse and spinoza all stopped by , too , each bringing flowers .
i was expecting a silver - tipped arrow to blossom in her chest .
the mosaic showed eight dusty red hearts arranged in a circle like a flower , a row of dark blue - and - white tiles that looked like waves , and a border of terra - cotta , and white triangles that reminded him of teeth .
first , he took a close - up shot of the blossom , then he pinched off a dead leaf and felt its edges to see if it was moist , just as their mother used to .
he carried the blossom into his study .
the fragrance of lotus blossoms danced on the warm air that surrounded her .
the mosaic showed eight dusty red hearts arranged in a circle like a flower , a row of dark blue and white tiles that looked like waves , and a border of terra - cotta and white triangles that reminded him of teeth .
` ` these patterns are sometimes called lightning flowers .
erin bent to inhale the spicy fragrance of a night - blooming flower .
four polished black columns supported an ornate marble canopy carved in russian folk - art style , with jet - black stone flowers and flourishes .
his mouth parted , as did hers , as natural as a flower opening at dawn .
the scent of lotus blossoms , a fragrance he had not enjoyed since his last sojourn in the east , lingered around her .
at first he 'd been able to smell the scent of lotus blossoms , but even that had faded .
but the scent of lotus blossoms bloomed instead .
she studied the ramshackle eatery , with its black - and - white paintings of skulls and flowers .
the first bee lifted off the blossom and swooped across the lavender .
she remembered her gardens , the bright flowers , the healing herbs she once grew .
blossoms would have released their scents to the underground air .
the scent of lotus blossoms floated off her skin as she pushed gracefully to her feet .
instead of flower petals and roots , she found herself staring at a detailed rendition of a human heart .
she easily pushed it open , revealing a private study lined by walnut wainscoting in a high victorian style , with a botanical mural intricately painted on the wall , depicting lifelike flowers , leaves , and twining vines , mixed with butterflies and bees .
leaves fluttered from branches , flowers spun delicately from stems , a scatter of butterflies and bees wafted off the wall .
then a shadow fell over him , bringing with it the smell of lotus blossoms .
like erin , they had all witnessed arella bursting to light , washing the crater with a warmth that smelled of lotus blossoms .
i ' m about to go peer out when i get whiff of the scent of flowers and freshly fallen rain .
were you not listening before when i mentioned flowers , candy , and jewelry ? ''
` ` what happened to all your talk about flowers , candy , and jewelry ? ''
phillip had actually given me the idea , with all his talk of flowers , candy , and jewelry tonight .
there were only two sprays of flowers : a very big and showy arrangement of white roses that bore jonah mcallister 's name , and another , smaller one that featured crimson - colored orchids .
once i 'd examined the flowers , there was nothing left to do but what i 'd come here for : to say my final farewell to mab .
the wind did n't pick up , the flowers did n't flutter , the tree branches did n't ominously creak overhead , thunder did n't rumble , jagged streaks of lightning did n't zigzag across the sky .
my eyes narrowed , and i regarded the blossom with a thoughtful expression .
an hour ago , it had been a beautiful spot , with thick stands of flowers and plants and trees and bushes , all arranged around a gurgling stone fountain .
abstract elemental ice sculptures squatted here and there throughout the ballroom , while more icicles dripped down the walls and clustered together in lieu of actual flowers .
white flowers for her mother , blue for her father - the colors made a pretty contrast against the lush greenery .
` ` what the hell - ` ` that 's all he got out before my knife rammed into his heart , and a crimson stain blossomed like a tropical flower on his white shirt .
one fountain was relatively flat , with metal water lilies spiraling out from the edge , as if the flowers were really floating on the surface instead of being anchored in place .
the other sculptures featured more fish and flowers , along with a few abstract designs .
a flowery blossom of colored wires and a cell phone taped and plugged into a small , foil - wrapped brick .
art should look like art , trees and flowers and people , not weird shapes and splotches of color all smeared together . ''
` ` well , at least it 's useful , and it does last longer than flowers or a box of candy .
i had n't gone to the service , although i 'd sent flowers and made a hefty donation to jillian 's favorite charity .
she looked so young in the photo , and she was wearing another white dress patterned with tiny red flowers .
blues , greens , purples , and yellows had blossomed like flowers overnight on my arms , mottling my skin from my shoulders all the way down to my fingertips .
i picked up one of the flowers , mindful of the sharp , curved thorns sticking out from the stem , and turned the blossom around and around , as if it held some sort of clue that would tell me who had sent it and why .
he grinned , crossed the storefront , and made a gallant bow before straightening back up and handing the flowers to me .
all put together , the flowers were beautiful , vibrant , and striking , just like sebastian .
beaming , i held the flowers out to him .
the panes shimmered so brightly that it took me a moment to realize that they were arranged in specific patterns that looked like flowers , vines , and petals , like a garden made out of glass .
no matter their shape or size , all of the flowers were set in long , wide white marble planters that perched on waist - high tables .
i hunkered down inside the tree line between a large maple with branches that arched up into the sky and a rhododendron with pale pink flowers that drooped in the heat .
` ` white flowers . ''
the dragon 's corpse lay on its side , a dozen half - formed heads sprawling like the stalks of some disgusting flower .
the cage snapped upright , unfolding like a flower .
between them , towering spires of trees rose to dizzying heights , their branches tinseled with vines that dripped cream and yellow blossoms .
thousands of flowers bloomed , interrupted by ornate ponds .
here and there unfamiliar shrubs dripped pink and purple flowers reminiscent of orchids .
acacias , their bark dark on crooked stems , sifted mimosa - scented pollen from long yellow blossoms .
tall , twisted trees offered clusters of orange - red flowers , so vivid their branches looked on fire .
unfamiliar flowers , orange , lemon - yellow , and scarlet , bloomed among the husks of the buildings .
` ` glorious ... army ... blood like a red flower blooming ...
a beautiful man reclined in the center , clad in gauzy robes and surrounded by nude women bearing fruit and garlands of flowers .
all flowers and sunshine . ''
around me , deep within the green , flowers opened , glowing stars of white and pale purple .
blazing like small white stars , with centers as black as his eyes , the flowers grew overnight , sending a spicy scent into the air .
by the porch , white rose of sharon flowers glowed against the shrubs like a scattering of stars .
several vines heavy with pungent white flowers grew from ceramic urns .
around the pond , plants thrived in bordered flower beds : bright red and yellow canna flowers with big leaves , small purple and scarlet clusters of verbena , and dandelion - gold stars of yellow bush daisy .
around the pond , plants thrived in bordered flower beds : bright red and yellow canna flowers with big leaves , small purple and scarlet clusters of verbena , and dandelion - gold stars of yellow bush daisy .
the air smelled of flowers , bergamot , and lemon .
the buds split , opening into flowers , each with five intense blue petals .
the issue of flowers alone ...
beautiful flowers , emily and a tame bear - dog , and she and lucas striding side by side .
vinca 's six brothers carried her body on a litter made from bent willows interlaced with garlands of dried flowers and herbs .
now , her pale , gnarled hand gripped a wooden cane adorned with bay leaves , white flowers , and blackberry vine , and her face had taken on the translucent , papery cast of an octogenarian .
she came back out carrying flower , cinnamon sticks , almonds , and a large jar of honey .
true to its name , the mage lands had been subdivided into several fields of colorful flowers and herbs .
we ran through lush forests filled with both conifers and hardwood trees , sparkling brooks and deep pools , medicinal plants and flowers of every variety and color .
in the vanity 's hand was a clump of purple flowers .
she stepped onto the packed dirt and ducked under palm fronds and darted around huge , foul - smelling flowers .
anyway , there were flowers everywhere and they 'd thrown jewel - toned ribbon all over everything without a pulse .
the flowers opened , releasing a dense corona of thin filaments glowing with pale purple , as if someone had taken the fringes from several passionflowers and strung them together on the same stem .
the vampire glided among the blossoms , silent and quick .
i did n't know if these were new vampires or if the ones we left behind somehow found a way around the deadly flowers .
cream and ivory lotuses , the tips of their petals touched with pink , floated next to larger bright yellow lotus blossoms .
flowers filled the terraces : roses , tulips , poppies , daisies , and odd but strikingly beautiful blossoms that looked like a cluster of inverted tulips hanging in an umbrella arrangement from a single purplish stem .
tiny insects , blue and green and ruby - red , floated between the flowers , like a scattering of weightless jewels carelessly flung by the handful into the air .
it was a beautiful place , of sand and warm water , where flowers bloomed and small fishes darted back and forth .
` ` when he decides to do away with us , he 'll do something elaborate , like send us magic seeds , which will sprout beautiful flowers with poisonous pollen .
if you refuse , blossom of my heart , i will come to atlanta and i will bring fire and ruin to it .
when you love something , the way you love your people , blossom , you must pay for it .
` ` because i wanted to talk to you , and they hover around you like bees around a patch of flowers .
` ` just pondering what hugh 's version of flowers and candy will look like . ''
the branches facing us shivered with narrow green leaves , still sticky from being rolled up in their buds , while the branches facing the forest were sheathed with bright green and clusters of long yellow threads , the oak flowers , busily sending pollen into the air .
small clumps of flowers bloomed in bright patches here and there : yellow dandelions , purple henbits , tiny white blossoms in a nest of green -- they looked like hairy bitter cress , but i was n't sure .
small clumps of flowers bloomed in bright patches here and there : yellow dandelions , purple henbits , tiny white blossoms in a nest of green -- they looked like hairy bitter cress , but i was n't sure .
on the right , a nameless vine dripped from the branches , threatening to spill delicate lavender flowers .
the air smelled of flowers and a hint of something fruity .
it hugged my body , curving over my breasts , clasped between them with a small crystal flower , and slid over the curve of my hips all the way down .
a knock sounded and barabas stepped back into the room , carrying a narrow blue vase filled with flowers .
not quite sure what these flowers are , but they smell pine . ''
the vase held a dozen small flowers , their petals pristine white , like small stars solid black at the center .
a young male medtech crouched by me and raised a small white flower in a pot to my lips .
the techs swarmed her with smoke and flowers .
the cone of fire unfurled like a flower and splashed against the rim of the mole hole , torching the archers .
` ` the flowers you sent were beautiful . ''
it was a beautiful arrangement of white and pink flowers that trailed to the ground in a tear - drop shape .
and then she yanked the flowers off the top of her bouquet to reveal a .357 magnum .
more lights were strewn around the exterior , and the gardens were filled with poinsettias in addition to their usual seasonal blossoms .
sweet , like crushed flowers .
it was beautiful , with a large fountain in the middle surrounded by flowers planted specifically to bloom even in winter .
crystal and brass chandeliers dropped down from the vaulted ceiling , which soared a hundred feet overhead and also featured mosaic flowers carved out of pale rose quartz .
instead it had blood - red flowers dotted all over its massive branches .
tally set the child down at a little white table decorated with pale pink flowers and grabbed a box of art supplies from a nearby shelf .
it was a smooth black silky number with large pale flowers and a decidedly geisha feel .
chapter 2 pear blossom creek was just a small midwestern town , hardly more than a wide spot in the road .
there was old bert summers , who owned the local newspaper , and judy west , who worked over at the pear blossom creek curl and dye beauty salon .
jovial rex curtis , who owned and operated the car repair shop across town , was avidly reading the sports page ; maddy malone , who was a teller at the pear blossom creek bank and trust company , had her nose buried in a book .
if the story had n't been so lurid , if it had n't been reported by the police , she might have suspected it was just another one of the high school pranks that were so prevalent in pear blossom creek in the weeks before halloween .
chapter 4 tom duncan picked up the three - day - old newspaper , his eyes narrowing as he perused the headlines : bodies of two young women found police fear serial killer on the loose in pear blossom creek he quickly read the account , noting that there had been no sign of rape or physical abuse , no signs of a struggle .
one of the women had been a resident of pear blossom creek , the other a transient .
` ` well , if he did , there 's another vampire out there following the same m.o . , and he 's turned up in a little nowhere town in themidwest called pear blossom creek . ''
twenty minutes later , he was on the highway headed for pear blossom creek .
she had lived in pear blossom creek her whole life and never worried about locking her doors .
she had always loved pear blossom creek , with its wide , tree - lined streets .
gardening was her hobby and her passion and her gardens were the talk not only of pear blossom creek but also of all the surrounding counties .
aside from a veritable jungle of flowers , mrs . heath grew the largest squash and pumpkins in the county .
vicki thought mrs . heath must be the most well - informed woman in pear blossom creek .
he thrust the thought away and concentrated on his reason for being in pear blossom creek .
lifting his head , he sniffed the wind , his nostrils taking in the scent of cool damp earth and the underlying stink of decay , the wood smoke rising from a chimney , trees and flowers and the myriad other smells and odors associated with mankind , but nothing out of the ordinary .
he turned his thoughts from his past to the present and the vampire who was preying on the people of pear blossom creek .
but it was n't a fictional vampire terrorizing pear blossom creek .
what are you doing in pear blossom creek ? ''
leaving pear blossom creek behind , he stalked the dark streets of the neighboring town .
had falco tired of hunting in a small town like pear blossom creek and decided to move on to a bigger place , or was he just expanding his hunting grounds ?
he had searched pear blossom creek from east to west and north to south .
by rights , he should have retired years ago , but the people of pear blossom creek would n't hear of it , and since his youngest son was the mayor and his oldest son was the chief of police , it was pretty much a given that augie would be around until he was ready to retire .
the police were certain that the murderer was the same person who had killed the three women in pear blossom creek .
of course , he might be here in pear blossom creek for quite some time , since he had n't found a single clue as to where his prey was hiding .
` ` does she still live in pear blossom creek ? ''
` ` but ... what 's he doing here , in pear blossom creek ? ''
how could he think of food when there was a vampire loose in pear blossom creek ?
for a small town , pear blossom creek boasted a modern hospital with all the latest equipment .
of course , as swiftly as vampires could travel , falco 's hideout could be hundreds of miles away from pear blossom creek .
he 'd have to hurry if he was going to make it back to pear blossom creek in time to shower and change his clothes and make it to bobbie sue 's house by six .
she had been born and raised in pear blossom creek .
` ` why did you come to pear blossom creek ?
maybe something here , in pear blossom creek .
with preternatural speed , he left pear blossom creek .
it led him out of pear blossom creek , across the state highway and the weed - infested field beyond .
` ` antonio , all these flowers must be costing you a fortune .
even as the thought crossed her mind , she told herself she was n't leaving pear blossom creek forever- just for a few weeks , until dimitri falco was no longer a threat- but she could n't shake the feeling that her life was about to undergo a major change , and that she would never live in this house or in this quiet town again .
you could n't keep a secret in pear blossom creek .
for the first time , she wished she had a cell phone , but in a little town like pear blossom creek , there was really no need for one .
of course , back in pear blossom creek , if you needed help , all you had to do was stand on the corner and ask .
in fact , the town of kay 's crossing did n't look much bigger than pear blossom creek .
` ` i ' m from a little town called pear blossom creek .
she quickly explained everything that had happened since she had left pear blossom creek .
duncan could not find falco in pear blossom creek .
if she were getting married in february , she would want her attendants to wear red and carry red and white flowers .
surely a little backwater town like pear blossom creek would n't attract another one for a longtime , if ever .
victoria - duncan has gone back to pear blossom creek .
the older woman listened intently as vicki told her everything that had happened since she left pear blossom creek .
she thought of her church in pear blossom creek , the crosses , the holy water , the priest .
she knew brides usually carried white flowers , but red seemed more fitting for this occasion .
the air was fragrant with the scent of hundreds of flower petals that were spread on the bedspread and over the floor .
he reveled in the sting of the wind against his face , the feel of the earth beneath his feet , the rich fragrance of flowers and foliage , the heady smell of life itself .
a unicorn with golden hooves and a golden horn stood in the midst of a field of flowers , its head raised to sniff the wind .
there were a desk and a couple of beautiful carved chairs , a long table covered in a tapestry , a vase of flowers , paintings on the walls .
there were beds of flowers , and trees in all shapes and sizes .
the colors of the houses and flowers and trees were as bright and clear as if the sun were high in the sky .
there was a small vase of flowers on a long cloth - covered table , as well as a water glass and bottle of perrier .
again , there were flowers and refreshments and stacks of ronan 's latest novel .
modern art decorated the walls ; a tall hand - blown vase held a bouquet of dried red , orange , and gold flowers .
where he had once hunted his prey with single - minded intent , he now seduced them , oft times with flowers and sweet words .
the hills were covered with trees and shrubs and wild - flowers .
additional gifts , flowers , and treats arrived all day long .
hence the dinner dates , the nights at the opera , the tour of the city , the bouquets of flowers .
fresh flowers , candles , and a long white runner made the room look more like a chapel than a place to eat .
baskets of flowers and plants filled every corner of the room , overpowering the air with their fragrance .
arranged for flowers .
there must have been three dozen flowers , each one a perfect , blood red bud .
or flowers .
the air was warm , fragrant with the scent of night - blooming flowers .
it was a lovely thing , white with pale pink flowers painted around the edge .
the courtyard kept changing , dazzling her with the flowers that bloomed between one day and the next , with the bare branches of trees that were swollen with the buds of new leaves and then fuzzed with green .
the trees and flowers were like nothing she 'd seen before , not even in training images .
one side was decorated with pretty leaves and flowers .
more flowers blooming around them .
the light breeze , carrying tiny pinpoints of water , scented the air with some distant flower and natural herbs .
palm trees and some large oleander bushes with salmon - colored flowers lined the block fence .
a young woman , dark hair pinned up with flowers , wearing a long black evening gown , walked down the aisle .
all of a sudden , kylie realized they were standing in a patch of woods ; large trees with sweet - smelling flowers hung overhead .
perfect blades of grass grew to a manicured length , even a couple of yellow flowers popped up beside the tombstone .
she stared at the tombstone , the light breeze sending the yellow flowers dancing in front of the engraving .
the smell of too - sweet flowers clogged the air .
` ` the sweetest flowers . ''
inside the balloon was the flower knob itself .
the dress that rachel packed was teal , with big pink and orange flowers all over it .
his attention immediately focused upon the gleaming mahogany casket draped with wreaths of flowers .
the field surrounding it was covered with blue , yellow , and white wild flowers that flowed toward the edge of a thick forest .
the blades of grass , and wild flowers , swayed beneath the soft breeze that trickled over them .
` ` i never knew there were so many different flowers before . ''
her hair fell about her shoulders in deep red ringlets that had been interwoven with tiny yellow and gold flowers .
she was fascinating , captivating , and utterly unique in this colorful world of flowers , statues , and beauty .
her nail must be sharp , for victoria saw red blossom beneath sebastian 's snowy shirt .
sebastian produced a small tube no wider in circumference than the stem of a flower .
absurdly , she 'd never noticed before , but a wooden lotus blossom had been stamped in the center of each panel , its design a simple relief in an otherwise austere expanse of creamy white .
what she saw made the red blossom over her vision , coloring her whole world for a frightening moment .
made from tightly twisted and sewn satin ribband , the flower was about the size of the center of her palm .
victoria pointed to the floor and watched as he shifted to the side and held the little flame to the red flower .
` ` do n't let that go out , '' max said suddenly , gesturing toward the dying rose blossom .
startled into action , victoria quickly sliced off another flower and used the burning one to light it .
and then he stepped back , and into the room came three more servants , each carrying a bouquet of flowers larger than the one before .
the men in london had done the same ; even jellington had thought to woo her interests by plying her with flowers and jewels and the like .
she did , however , have to greet george starcasset when he called on her the day after the party , bearing flowers and a glitter in his eyes .
there were many ways to be ` ` invited '' into a home ... for something as simple as delivering a bouquet of flowers or the side of beef to be served for dinner .
` ` surely the fact that your foyer and sitting rooms are filled with flowers indicate that victoria has intrigued more than one potential beau ! ''
the first time she 'd received flowers from a man .
verbena had suggested ivory , pink , pale green , and blue , and was advocating further decoration using flowers , feathers , and beads .
` ` that was the first time i 'd ever been given flowers by a man ... and i still have the pink ribbon you tied them with . ''
a gardenia tree , laden with creamy white blossoms , grew up from below and was near enough that he could choose a flower and offer it to her .
victoria smiled as she accepted the gardenia , amazed as always by the intense fragrance that came from a single flower .
the sky was colored with pearl - gray clouds , and the steady rain brought the smell of peat and summer flowers to the air .
patiently , he carved her a beautiful wooden marker , full of flowers and birds and all the things that had made her happiest .
these are the first flowers i ' ve ever gotten .
willow had the only magnolia tree inside the fae village and toff loved the velvety petals of the huge flowers when they bloomed .
roff had sent me flowers the day before , which might have meant something .
i selected an apple orchard , the early spring blossoms white and waving in the breeze , casting their sweet smell toward the river .
i looked down at my feet where new , green shoots of grass were coming through rich soil with tiny white flowers , here and there .
the actual flower was such a deep purple as to appear black , and hung on a delicate stem , nearly upside down .
only the flower itself , with its petals fully open with tips curling upward , was depicted .
the other rooms had everything from fresh flowers to food or fruit waiting , and some even had servants and escorts .
even certain types of flowers grew and bryan , it seems , was taking full advantage .
snowcapped peaks surrounded us , while tiny white flowers and long - stemmed grasses bloomed and grew at our feet .
water tinkled in fountains , the scent of flowers floated past and hectares of land surrounded us as we walked toward the brightly lit structure .
i reached down , pulled one of the blossoms off a bouquet , and handed it to gabron , giving him a kiss .
i opened the box first and inside was a beautiful gold bracelet made of links that looked like tiny hibiscus flowers .
a small diamond winked at the center of each flower .
and the mountains , the flowers , the sky .
all around me , a subtle form of chaos flowers .
steela , an old woman who lived in the ward long before i moved there , had made the garden blossom from a grass lawn with hedges around it into a veritable jungle of flowers and vegetables and vines and trees .
the garden is full of blooms right now , but i know what i want - the large yellow and orange flowers growing near the pond , the ones with streaks of color almost as brilly as amy 's hair .
the flowers themselves are pitiful remnants of the natural beauty they held on the pond 's edge .
i let the towel drop to the floor and wiggle into a tan tunic and dark pair of pants , both of which have been decorated at the hems with tiny painted yellow flowers .
i kick at the big orangey - red flowers , like tiger lilies , that line the edge of the pool .
almost like the tiny white flowers that harley had painted for his girlfriend , kayleigh .
the lotus flowers float limply as the water level sinks , their pale pink petals stained brown from mud .
i wander along the wall of the building and find a tree , like the ones in the forest but smaller , with a swarm of gnat - like bugs hovering over beautiful , delicate purple flowers dripping from the tree branches .
he 's right - the purple spanish - moss - like plants that clung to the trees are the same shade as the flower petals , a delicate lilac on the edges that sinks to deep purple in the center .
a few tendrils of the moss have n't blossomed , but most have unraveled , twirling into paper - thin , almost - translucent flowers .
` ` you like the flowers ? ''
she points to a line on the floor where dozens of purple string flowers are laid out .
` ` we have n't been able to do any tests , but from observation , it seems as if the flowers are carnivorous .
at first dr . watase and mom try to help me walk , but i just want to stretch my muscles , and the remaining effects of the flower are rapidly evaporating .
although i know it unfurls to a flower nearly as big as my palm , right now it 's nothing more than a bit of purple string .
` ` the flowers were n't open , and they do n't emit the neurotoxin unless blossoming .
` ` dad , there were purple flower strings on her clothing .
the rest of the shuttle is split in half longwise , the roof blown apart like a blossoming flower made of burnt , smoking metal .
` ` i ' ve known you had it since you passed out from the flowers .
the release of air causes the bodies to drift , like lotus flowers floating in water , toward the cockpit .
as soon as water touches the delicate petals , the flowers unwind in an elegant twirl , blossoming into a beautiful , nearly transparent bloom .
they 'd be forced to breathe at least some of the air , and hopefully the properties of the flower would still exist - perhaps even be stronger - in a smoke form . ''
57 : amy dad consults with a handful of scientists who worked with mom to see if chris 's theory of using smoke made from the purple flowers will work against the aliens .
maybe the purple flowers make them stronger rather than make them pass out .
we rip up anything that would be flammable - paper , cloth , dried leaves - and roll it around in the sticky purple string flowers .
but having seen them made with such emotionless exactitude , the flowers now look creepy and false .
the royal gardens were a large , open field of grass dotted occasionally by beds of flowers .
either that or we 'd just spend our time drinking nectar from flowers .
we were in a dense , tropical jungle arrayed with a large number of flowers hanging from vines , sprouting from trees , and blooming at our feet .
insects buzzed around , moving from flower to flower , and did n't seem to have any interest in me or the others .
the hutlike buildings were overgrown with vines that intertwined with the reeds that made up their walls , and these sprouted colorful , hibiscuslike blossoms .
these grew heaps of purple flowers that hung down over the road , collected in batches like bunches of grapes .
it had a crown of red flowers blanketing its thatch roof .
fresh flowers and tiffany lamps grace the lobby , but the chairs are ratty love seats , and the tables are carved with initials and rude words .
we sit in the grass underneath a canopy of pink blossoms .
perfumed flowers in jewel - toned colors are balanced by intricately cut plants in tranquil blues and greens .
the narrow , zigzag road is paved with red bricks and bursting with vibrant flowers .
people are throwing flowers and teddy bears , and she high - fives several people 's hands .
there are flowers everywhere .
the idea that i might be lying somewhere in a coma , my family bending over me and everyone worrying and filling my hospital room with flowers , actually makes me feel good .
there 's a chandelier drooping from the ceiling like an exotic flower , and heavy curtains pooling at either side of the windows .
when she told us about losing her virginity to her boyfriend - the candles , the blanket on the floor , the flowers , the whole nine yards - and how great it was that her first time was so romantic , none of us even batted an eyelash .
i try to imagine how , in only a few months , the trees will shoot their tiny stems into the sky , the barest spray of flowers and green breathed over everything like a mist .
i close my eyes , and in the darkness behind them i see beautiful blooming things , flowers spinning like snowflakes , and hummingbirds beating the same rhythm as my heart .
i ' m telling you , i ca n't have any more flower homicides on my conscience , i said .
three faces blooming together like flowers on a single stem , names ebbing away from me , a single word : love .
i turned up the speakers on my phone and put on an old crystal castles album while cassidy rooted through the grass , picking tiny white flowers and knotting them together into a crown .
i can see those who have gone before me , their dresses looking like black orchids floating in the dark blueness , their white legs and feet twinkling like the middle parts of the flowers before they wink out of sight , down into the depths , one by one .
it was a light blue , with pink needlework along the edges and tiny white flowers in the center and ... ` ` do you want me to go on ?
the bathroom was about half and half , the huge metal cornflower blue flower i picked up from the craft store on sale , that brought the soap dispenser and shower curtain together ascetically , was missing , but my shower curtain and the soap remained .
` ` blossom ? ''
` ` would you like to dance , blossom ?
` ` i do n't think so , '' i say , glancing at him talking to the extra , blossom .
when i see her talking with brooke , staring at blossom , glancing at me and away , i know crossing it wo n't be possible .
chapter 41 reid i almost feel sorry for blossom .
this is the combat zone we sidestepped when he took up with blossom and i just let him go .
` ` bite me , reid - and tell me this : was blossom , or whatever the hell her name was , worth losing emma for ?
i do n't remember if my mother wore perfume or if her shampoo was scented like flowers or fruit , but i remember the minty smell of the kitchen after she 'd wiped down the countertops .
at the high back wal of the property , a man trims a flowering shrub to picture - perfect roundness - not one blossom , stem or leaf outside of the visual sphere .
several residents sit with guests or wander the trails admiring the winter blossoms , flanked by aides .
i find our spot - a secluded bench surrounded by waist - high camellia shrubs covered in white blossoms .
dead flowers skittered past my eyes .
all that hung on them was a crest , topped with three flowers , with a black - and - white pattern beneath them .
a small case , rectangular , with a stylized heartwood flower engraved in the lid .
its flowers came in white , blue , pink , and purple , each of which had a different effect on the dreamscape .
my sunlit zone was a field of red flowers , a field that rippled and changed depending on my mood .
i 'd never seen colors when i slept , but now all i could see was the red flowers and the evening sun .
` ` a field of red flowers . ''
the air was mildewed , tinged with the sickly smell of dying flowers .
in the -- called -- within -- boundaries of -- able -- limitless periods of time , but -- new form , that -- hunger , uncontrollable and -- energy surrounding the purported -- red flower , the -- sole method -- nature of the -- and only then can -- i tried yet again to thread the words together , to find some kind of pattern .
the butterfly spent its days feeding on flowers , and their opulent colors made up all its memories .
pollen swirled from the flower - laden trees , catching in my hair .
` ` essence of the amaranth flower , mixed with red wine . ''
red flower .
not the flowers or anything - just the basic shape from a bird's - eye view .
pollen of the red flower .
i turned over and closed my eyes , still thinking of red flowers and gods .
i shall fling flowers with the best of them .
there are garlands of aromatic flowers festooned about , tables laden with food and drink , and the dance floor cleared for ... la bamba !
the night is very pleasantly warm and the air is heavily laden with the perfume of tropical flowers , and , oh , i do believe andrew is here to escort me to the ball .
hyacinth and jacaranda and a dozen other flowers that i can not begin to name .
an alphabet of flowers .
my father points to the flowers .
with every flower , part of a minute .
it looked like a tree of flowers with different colors and textures - it was absolutely amazing .
small silver cups of colorful flowers and glowing crystal votives were intermittently dispersed along the center of the table .
i opened the door to reveal a delicately decorated room adorned with several paintings of pink , yellow and blue flowers .
on the opposite side of the room was a desk ; its glass top was stenciled with black flowers and butterflies and set upon two white bookcases .
the first floor was open to the party goers , decorated morbidly in dead flowers , crushed chocolate strawberries and set aglow in redit had taken quite some time to change out the light bulbs .
the early spring flowers were in bloom , and the trees were in varied stages of budding or flowering , which meant in a few weeks they 'd be filled with green leaves .
i manoeuvred through the crowd when we entered the funeral home filled with pictures and flowers .
her usually straight hair was tossed in curls , with one side pinned up by a pink flower .
she had her hair tied back with a silky black scarf that had conspicuously bright pink cherry blossoms scattered across it .
but there were old wooden shelves on every side , piled high with tiny vials and bottles , filled with plant blossoms , powders , and murky liquids .
` ` about the sorriest flowers i ' ve ever seen . ''
she was there and not there , flickering in and out of sight in her best housedress , the one with the loud flowers and the pearly - looking snaps .
but there it was , a single golden blossom , nestled between looping green leaves .
creek bank , so the delicate white flowers stayed eclipsed by the ] night .
they liked seeing their men dress nice and act more gentlemanly than teenage boys generally did , bringing them flowers and taking them out to a nice dinner .
red - something red - mingled among the blossoms , turning them a deep violet .
an elixir had been created out of a special blend of poppy flowers and tea .
i turned , finding large purple flowers with bright yel ow middles .
arnica is part of a flower .
she had a thing for purple flowers .
sympathy radiated from caleb as he stepped forward and took the flowers out of my hand .
the wild mixture of flowers and plants , all sweet and tangy , mixed with the bitterness of herbs and assaulted my senses .
the single dense spike of flowers was a vibrant red , the blossoms shaped like little stars .
the single dense spike of flowers was a vibrant red , the blossoms shaped like little stars .
bright flowers , all in full bloom , sprung from the vines that covered them .
her hair was done up in an intricate twist , adorned by several fresh rose blossoms .
crystal vases full of roses sat in every corner and on every table , and flower - covered vines hung from sparkling chandeliers in a dazzling display of light and darkness and streamed across the ceiling .
the stem felt warm to the touch and a faint trace of blue still clung to the blossom , turning the dewy petals violet .
courtyards were filled with what seemed like every flower and tree known to man , scenting the air .
bright pink flowers were open , their teardrop - shaped petals moist with dew .
like the one that had been on deity island , flowers and trees from all around the globe blossomed here , despite the climate .
hopefully they would be beautiful , like a dense spike of vibrant red flowers , and not look like something you 'd find growing up from a crack in the pavement .
ripe blossoms and rich soils , trees i could n't begin to even name , and enough flowers to start a botanical garden .
ripe blossoms and rich soils , trees i could n't begin to even name , and enough flowers to start a botanical garden .
like it was laughing in my face , the colorful blossoms went first .
not the prickly kind , but the pretty ones that sprout flowers in november .
the sun warms our damp hair and we fluff it out to dry , and it 's so warm and beautiful that i twirl myself about , making both hair and skirt blossom out , and then i flop down in the grass and look up at the sky .
` ` oh , and work on the bridge on ' the blackberry blossom . '
excitement rose like a budding flower .
she wore a white long - sleeved button - up shirt with tiny blue flowers sprinkled all over the fabric .
somehow , even those underneath a bright blue sky and blanketed by springtime flowers were nothing compared to this one .
he stands holding a bouquet of flowers next to where his heart is supposed to be .
epigynous ( i - pi - j - ns ) : having oral parts at ached to or near the summit of the ovary , as in the flower of the apple , cucumber , or daf odil .
she 'd never had christmases or birthday parties when she was little , but once she was old enough to leave the shop on her own , she 'd loved to bring back little things for issa and yasri - flowers , weird fruit , blue lizards , spanish fans .
they 're drawn to her - hish - hish - and dart around her horns , stirring the blossoms so pollen sifts down , golden , and settles on her shoulders .
she was madrigal of the kirin , not some blossom caught in a breeze .
and in that month that they hid and loved , dreamed and planned , they believed that this , too , was meant : that they were the blossoms set forth by some great and mysterious intention .
it happened overnight , and it drew from the emperor such howling wrath , such bloodcurdling unholy fury as to turn storms back to sea and blast the buds of the sycorax trees so they shed their mothwing blossoms unopened in the gardens of astrae .
akiva lying beside her , tracing her eyelids with his fingertip , his touch as soft as hummingbird - moths , as soft as the drift of requiem blossoms falling in the darkness .
but of course he knew - he 'd seen my drawing , plus all the doodles of hearts and flowers and the adolescent practicing of signing with tyler 's surname instead of my own - sara elizabeth vincent .
i thought i would n't be able to focus on the room or anything but dale , but the cool air over my skin , the strawberries and flowers , the big , mahogany canopied bed , and oh my god , the view !
carrie reluctantly handed over the flowers .
the pain in my lungs swells up and blossoms until it feels like it 's everywhere , tearing through all my cells and muscles at once .
in early june the heat was there but not the color - the greens were still pale and tentative , the mornings had a biting coolness - but by the last week of school everything is technicolor and splash , outrageous blue skies and purple thunderstorms and ink - black night skies and red flowers as bright as spots of blood .
the air smells so thickly of flowers and life it feels textured , like a curtain you could pull apart .
sunlight slants at steep angles across the reddish trunks and the undergrowth of curling green ferns and flowers .
there are small white flowers pushing up between the cracks in the platform .
the ground is hard and webbed with ice , although here , too , there is evidence of spring growth : small , curled buds of green , a few early flowers scattered among the dirt .
the crickets are singing , tremulous and steady , and the wind carries the smell of damp earth and flowers .
it was carved with ivy and flowers .
the rocks were covered in moss and flowers , and sunshine drenched everything in rich light , vibrant colors , and deep shadows .
i rounded the corner , and cut through another courtyard that smelled sweet with winter flowers .
little golden flowers sprouted up all over under the canopy of silver .
the little golden flowers were dug up , and wilted .
etchings were carved into the precious metal revealing beautiful flowers with jewel - crusted centers .
the golden carved flowers had cascaded in bunches , each with its own jewels nestled in the petals .
as we walked further into the lorren , the golden flowers were plentiful .
the golden flowers seemed to sway as the violent wind died .
there were no landmarks , and all the flowers looked exactly the same .
golden flowers draped the walls as far as the eye could see .
i walked past hundreds of golden flowers that were once living people .
the only clue i would have is when the amount of flowers thinned out .
the bond propelled me forward , turning me around corners , and through archways of golden flowers .
the golden flowers thinned as i walked .
his orange shorts had big white flowers printed on them .
the walls were coated with golden flowers dripping in jewels .
lorren walked the length of the maze wall , pulling back sections of flowers revealing hidden paintings below .
walking down the wall , he began to pull back the golden flowers that hid the prophecies , concealing them completely with golden vegetation one at a time .
i thought the golden flowers dripping with jewels were stunning .
` ` the white part - the flower is - it 's ... angel bones ? ''
a metallic blue flower twisted between lorren 's fingers .
he was admiring the golden flowers and jewels beneath our feet when eric and jenna marie crashed into the ground next to us .
eric tore off her knitted cap by its flower and threw it aside .
golden flowers bent under my weight , poking into my back .
the autumn weather occasionally justifies a scarf these days , and today 's is bright orange with purple flowers .
announcements , flowers , party favors , pictures of honeymoon destinations i 'll never see ... ` ` look .
she fingered the flowers on the hat i 'd nearly finished .
i watched him send a cast out , expertly avoiding branches and flowers .
the volunteers were to meet at campaign headquarters on apple blossom road .
her lips are soft as flower petals , but with an intensity behind them .
i held the flowers out to you .
charles thrust the flowers at her .
joanna stood up , walked to the kitchen , and found a vase for the flowers .
a man , woman , and two kids pushed by her for the elevator , holding a big bouquet of flowers and smiling .
all the lawns were sickeningly green and even , with the same red flowers in the mulched gardens off the front walks .
at first she thought it was just a party , but then she saw a girl in a long , lacy white dress fidgeting with flowers .
she probably knew nothing about this house beyond its facts and figures , the types of flowers in the gardens , the craftsmen of the furniture in the living room , the artists of the paintings on the walls .
inside were books , old photos of sophia and marco in various places , a box of pressed flowers , some ribbons and cards .
and the smell of flowers and rain was killing me .
adessa was wearing a long navy blue robe decorated with bright pink flowers , and aislin was dressed in a plaid pajama set .
a bush , budding with violet flowers at the foot of the hill .
i walked up to the bush and picked one of the violet flowers .
and yeah , he did smell strongly of flowers and rain and forest , which was kind of a strange smell to be coming off of a guy , but he was a faerie , and these little things seemed like they might just be faerie traits , and something he probably could n't help .
` ` there 's this little hideout i use to hang out at when i was little ... there 's a hill somewhere with a bush covered by violet flowers . ''
like the bedroom , there were plants all over the walls , the shelves , and the vines dangling from the ceiling were detailed with tiny pink flowers .
chapter 32 i used my foreseer power to takes us to the outskirts of the castle , right in the center of the forest , in front of the bush blooming with violet flowers that hid the entrance to our old childhood hideout .
the scent of flowers and freshly fallen rain .
white and red flower petals blew through the air as she nodded and stood to her feet , brushing the grass off her dress .
` ` she does n't call , she does n't send me flowers ... . '' natasha , clarissa and jasmine all giggled .
blood was dripping from anthony 's lip onto his clean white shirt and fanning out into a red flower .
they passed the cherry trees someone had planted years ago without permission , the blossoms adding perfume to the dank smell of the dark soil .
tess and dia stood on chairs in the family room , tacking streamers around the window , while haven sorted through a box of fake flowers .
she turned back to the flowers without a word , handing more of them to dominic , and carmine watched her before approaching .
the two of them strolled away , the walls crumbling as they stepped into a vast field of flowers .
the trees were full of lush green leaves , small flowers starting to bloom and freckle the landscape with color that had n't been there the day before .
* * * the crimson flower design stood out strikingly against the gold background of the massive banner .
she sat on a rock just a few feet away , dressed in a bright yellow silk gown , a garland of flowers and shells woven into her hair .
but other times i love listening to madame dabney as she floats through the room with a monogrammed handkerchief in her hand , talking about what flowers are in season or the history of the waltz .
and then she fingered the flowers .
fresh flowers sat in a vase on the table , but the biggest change was the fact that , this time , my mother sat in the chair beside his bed .
there were fresh flowers on a table , and the ceilings were at least thirty feet high .
there were marble floors and chandeliers , fresh flowers , and fires burning in two of the four rooms she passed .
something told her that nothing that beautiful ever came without some kind of string attached , so she did n't reach for the flowers .
in the past week , kat had come to love the combination of colors in the blossoms , the play of the light .
spring flowers dotted green fields beneath a bright blue sky .
chapter 30 when kat , at last , saw the main entrance of hale industries , the lobby was filled with towering arrangements of flowers on every table , an orchestra playing near the stairs .
when he looks back with his hair full of flowers and furiously waves back at me , i realize i ' ve just made my second friend in israel ( mutt being the first ) .
he goes off and comes back with a small bouquet of flowers .
` ` the flowers were from my mom .
it 's at the end of an adorable little one - story brick building with bright purple and yellow flowers outlining the front sidewalk .
the restaurant is dark and romantic and ful of flowers , and i find myself wishing it was just me and henry here , huddled over wine and champagne and crepes or some shit like that .
it 's covered in blue and white flowers .
some white flowers symbolize innocence , but white lilies mean death .
him putting the doors on his jeep is kind of like giving me flowers .
the other half of the tent - the side for adults - is elegant , with silk gold tablecloths , succulent flower arrangements , and a champagne fountain .
and no flowers .
but as soon as we started touring , they were buzzing about like hummingbirds dipping their beaks into spring flowers .
i spin her around the planters , bursting with fragrant flowers .
a pristine , frozen courtyard stretched before me , trees , flowers , statues and fountains encased in the clearest ice .
the summer court arrived in a hale of music and flowers , probably in direct defiance of winter , whose traditions i was beginning to hate .
the long handle was wrapped in vines , and the carved head of the scepter continuously sprouted flowers , buds , and tiny plants .
the leaves and flowers shriveled and fell away .
it held an assortment of weird things : dead flowers , a blue silk ribbon , a glass dagger with an intricately carved bone handle .
the interior of the trunk glowed softly and had a putrid sweet smell , like decaying flowers .
one booth had a prominent display of still - beating hearts , while the tent beside it offered flowers of delicate spun glass .
the ground was completely carpeted in white , bell - like flowers , which glowed softly in the dim light .
twilight had deepened the room to shadow , though the carpet of flowers glowed brighter than ever .
he froze , silhouetted against the night sky , the flowers casting his features in a pale glow .
the flowers had opened completely and were glowing as if tiny moons nestled between the petals , throwing back the darkness .
ash stood in the middle of the room , surrounded by glowing white flowers , eyes closed as tiny lights swirled around him .
the glow of the flowers made a halo of light around him , only accenting his unearthly beauty .
` ` saint - john's - wort , '' he snarled , and i saw a cluster of dried yellow flowers hanging on the door like tiny sunbursts .
it was an evening much like this one , in a place surrounded by glowing flowers , except it was winter 's territory and not the wyldwood .
trees lining the edge of the courtyard sighed softly , moving their branches to the song , and the thousands of flowers blooming everywhere swayed gently in rhythm .
and at the head of the table , her golden hair braided with flowers and sparkling moonstones , the summer queen smiled and waved us over .
a small , golden hand mirror , with jeweled flowers around the rim and silver vines curled around the handle .
i 'd seen faeries die - they turned into leaves , branches , flowers , insects , dirt , and sometimes they did just vanish .
the tips of her ears peeked up through her golden - brown hair , which was braided with vines and flowers and hung several inches past her waist .
birds twittered overhead and butterflies danced through the flowers , adding to the dazzling array of color and light .
keirran sat beneath the trunk , one knee drawn up to his chest , watching annwyl as she moved gracefully through the flowers .
butterflies danced around her , perching on her hair and clothes , as if she was an enormous blossom drifting through the field .
a round table overflowing with flowers and get - well - soon balloons hovered next to her .
she looked down as tiny yellow flowers began unfurling from the vines coiled around my bedposts .
the forest was suddenly full of color , the leaves were extra green , the flowers screamingly bright , almost to the point of ridiculousness .
i dropped back a pace and took her hand , wanting to be close in case a dragon or other nasty creature burst out of the flowers and attacked .
rolling fields spread out before us , teeming with flowers and thick grass , but rising out of the dirt , planted in rigidly straight lines marching to the horizon , were hundreds upon hundreds of apple trees .
they seemed to have grown right out of the forest floor , as they were covered in vines and blooming flowers , with birds perched on the arms and back and insects floating around them .
red flowers dot the land in the breeze 's chase while the land colored up in red after the kiss . ''
and when he raises his hand to his brow , there 's a welt of blood blooming like a red flower .
we sit in silence until the waiter returns to deliver the salad with a flourish befitting the beautiful dish : a still life of pink salmon , green asparagus , yellow mustard sauce , and toast points scattered around the side of the plate like blossoms .
the air is humid with so many people crammed together , and there are bottles of booze and bouquets of flowers .
there are rows and rows of flowers in every color .
people holding bouquets of flowers , bottles of champagne .
we are deposited in the front lobby , an enormous atrium full of bamboo , flowers , and tropical birds tied to perches .
yael and i take our place among the masses and push into a stuffy gold hall , wending our way to a flower - covered statue of the elephant god .
i do n't know much about flowers in general , let alone details .
although , to be technical , dandelions are n't flowers .
there are flowers in the center , with place mats and table settings meticulously placed in front of each of the chairs .
an icy feeling shoots down my spine and , in response , life bursts through the small flower .
her fingers fiddle with the waist of her gray wool dress , which is patterned with pink flowers .
i follow her gaze and see that there 's an object in each of his four hands : a pink flower , a white shell , a gold wand , and on the tip of one of his index fingers , a small blue disc that looks like a cd .
in his right hands are the chakra , to show he has a purified spiritual mind , below that there is the beautiful lotus flower . '
closer by , there are patches of forest with fields of yellow and purple flowers in between .
the walls are uneven and the door is a lopsided oval ; but it 's also warm and dry , and it smells of fresh flowers .
her body is covered with a white sheet , but under the bright lights of the laboratory i can see the grisly shadow of the wound that blossoms across her midsection .
you ca n't judge by flowers . ''
he smiled as he held out the flowers .
` ` thanks for the flowers again .
i started to protest , but he was kissing his way down my throat , over the edge of my cardigan , down the little buttons shaped like flowers , and lower still , until i could n't keep ahold of his head .
and we were so wrapped up in building our tolerance , watching out for officers and implants that we had n't even celebrated valentine 's day besides the flowers he 'd bought me and the card i 'd given him .
elliott saunters in , shakes father 's hand , nods to mother , and hands the flowers to me .
` ` good - bye , '' or ` ` it will be all right , '' or maybe even ` ` i love you , '' but she 's intent on the flowers .
he hands half the flowers to mother and holds out the rest to me .
he gestures to the flowers and shrugs , embarrassed .
one white flower blooms on the vine .
i turn to study the flower petals , tremulous with dew .
i recognize the bulbs of spring flowers .
he leads me through the garden , past arbors of flowers to a low swing attached to the bough of a weeping willow .
a line of small - leafed weeds ran along the edge of one of the stone blocks , tiny yellow flowers peeping through as if searching for the sun , long disappeared behind the enormous walls of the glade .
thomas felt an icy terror blossom in his chest , expand like a tumor , making it hard to breathe .
i hear two shots , one right after the other , and two blossoms of red appear on the man 's chest .
dark flowers blossomed in my field of vision .
veronica and bartolomeo lived directly above the nightclub , in a cramped , sparsely furnished apartment that she had labored to brighten with fresh flowers and colorful throws and art poster prints .
there were no trees , no shrubs , no flowers , no life to speak of anywhere , if you discounted donkeys and humans and carrion , or the occasional rat .
the sidewalks are choked with hawkers and hustlers , pickpockets and petty thieves , solitary men in threadbare coats , lean - cheeked and hard - eyed , not one of whom fails to notice my expensive coat and leather shoes , and gangs of young boys as lean as their elders but not quite as hard - eyed , not yet , and mothers sitting on the stoops with little ones in white bonnets bouncing on their laps , the street clogged with rickety carts attached to overworked , underfed horses , and everywhere the smell of boiled rabbit and fresh flowers and wood smoke and horse shit , and the italian songs floating through open windows and the hysterical , desperate babble of a thousand human souls stuffed into a three - block radius .
it had leather couches , flowers in painted vases and had a bright cheerful feel .
it had a little fabric flower on the neck and was kind of drapey .
` ` the ones with the blue flowers . ''
i lettered those words large on the front page , surrounded by entwined vines and flowers , interspersed with heraldic motifs - shrimps rampant and butterflies guardant with gules - on a field of light blue .
next are pictures of mom standing with a crowd of high school students in caps and gowns , bending next to an old woman in a wheelchair waving a flag , accepting flowers from a little boy .
it 's a nicholas sparks quote about flowers and talking to animals and refreshing breezes .
even the steep face of the rock wall across the water , from which all the players had jumped , now looked beautiful instead of frightening : there were flowers growing out of fissures in the rock , heather noticed , tangled vines sweeping down toward the water .
` ` why , just last week i bought bobbi brown sandwash petal lip gloss when the pink blossom color would have looked so much better with my complexion .
though i would n't mind seeing her in the pink blossom color , too .
i could n't very well say the flowers were in celebration of his taking my virginity .
it smells like fruit and flowers and somethin ' else i ca n't place all rolled into one .
` ` 45 carlos corsage ( kor - sazh , -saj ) n. a small arrangement of flowers worn on the wrist or pinned to the shoulder .
` ` here , '' carlos says , holding out the corsage full of purple - and - white flowers with yellow centers .
` ` by bringin ' me pink flowers ? ''
as usual , it was crowded with flowers and candles and impersonal notes that said things like we 'll miss you and rest in peace .
next to her was a big bouquet of flowers and near the door was a smiley - faced get well soon balloon with accordion arms and legs .
a small shrine had already begun at the curb , rife with pictures and candles and flowers .
she blushed happily as he handed her one of the flowers .
behind him was a field full of flowers , and behind that was what looked like a rocky cliff .
above the mural was a decal that said violet , the o a smiley face , and the t sprouting a flower out the top .
the rain had abated and the sun had come out , making the sidewalks glimmer and the air smell like fresh flowers .
the place was immaculate and gorgeous , with white linens on the two dozen tables set up around the room , massive bouquets of flowers everywhere , and a silent auction area featuring a faberge egg , a vintage louis vuitton sable coat , and a three - month - long sailboat charter around the world .
at the end of the long aisle was a closed mahogany casket covered with huge bouquets of flowers .
palm trees surrounded them , and every table bore a flickering votive candle and a vase of tropical flowers .
below her , she could see the forest floor , carpeted with tons of brilliantly hued flowers .
she looked around , taking in the fake flowers on the tables and the patient art on the walls .
the bouquets of flowers on the tables .
tons of flowers had bloomed , and cherry blossoms floated down from the sky .
tons of flowers had bloomed , and cherry blossoms floated down from the sky .
the air also smelled like incense , dried flowers , and musty , wet bibles .
the ali shrine , which consisted of flowers , candles , photos , and other knickknacks in ali 's honor , had grown larger , swallowing the whole cul - de - sac .
she 'd never forget that day - clear blue sky , all the flowers had bloomed , there were bees everywhere .
` ` your stepmom got all anal on me this morning , though , '' aria said , skirting around a japanese cherry blossom tree .
or climb up there and leave a bouquet of flowers in mona 's memory .
bursts of brightly colored flowers and palm trees covered in twinkling lights transformed the normally stuffy restaurant into a high - class hawaiian fantasy .
a ten - foot christmas tree decorated with pineapples and fresh flowers stood in the corner .
gorgeous purple , blue , and yellow flowers curled around white trellises and a wooden pergola .
the ali shrine , which consisted of candles , stuffed animals , flowers , and curling photos , was still on the front curb , but the news vans and camera crews that had camped out for a month after ali 's body had been found had thankfully vanished .
suddenly it smelled so good back here , like fresh flowers .
the room smelled like fresh - cut flowers , which were arranged in vases all over the room .
next to it were smaller pictures , flowers , and other memorabilia and gifts .
they were no longer at half - mast , but a couple of people had placed flowers honoring jenna and ali at the base of the pole .
the ali shrine at the base of the dilaurentises ' old curb was going strong , too , full of candles , flowers , stuffed bears , and old photos of ali as a kid .
the scent of pine and early summer flowers wafted in from outside .
gwen wears a red sundress with printed white flowers .
with him i can believe that i am a princess with a wreath of flowers and ribbons crowning my head and he is my prince sworn to protect me from the evils in the night .
the curtains are blue silk and frilly things like flowers and paintings of flowers decorate every available space .
joy blossoms through me , from my toes up into the rest of my body to the point that i look down to see if i ' m flying .
only the scent of green grass broken underfoot reached me , chased with faint animal musk , and the sweetness of white flowers , unfurling in the distance .
fresh flowers adorned tables set up nearby , pretty white blossoms like the ones i had noticed on the way to the fields .
` ` it 's the cherry blossom festival .
` ` the night after the cherry blossom festival .
so i might see a blue flower growing below an apple tree and write all about the blue flower whereas you might see only the apples .
so i might see a blue flower growing below an apple tree and write all about the blue flower whereas you might see only the apples .
he was sprawled beneath a flowering tree , its white blossoms sweet in the cool air .
just as morrow had described , the place was pure beauty , neat cottages with flowers growing in boxes beneath the windows .
the flowers on my favorite magnolia tree on the corner were drooping in a melancholy way .
the magnolia tree had no flowers or leaves .
these two had combined red and brown with turquoise , which was then embroidered with little mauve flowers , and one of them really was wearing a lemon - yellow coat .
it was lavishly embroidered with cream and wine - red flowers .
instead there was a beautiful flower arrangement there , smelling deliciously of freesias .
from the records of the inquisition , as drawn up by father gian petro baribi of the dominican order archives of the university library , padua ( deciphered , translated , and edited by dr . m. giordano ) eight shimmering birds of paradise , leaves , and flowers in shades of blue and silver twined their way over the brocade bodice , and the sleeves and skirt were made of heavy , midnight blue silk that rustled at every step , swishing with a sound like the sea on a stormy day .
snow white and decorated with blue ribbons and brocade flowers , it reminded me slightly of a wedding cake with several tiers .
the bruises are discolored blossoms of blue and yellow , torture to touch and slow to heal .
i wonder where they got the flowers from .
i have n't seen real flowers in years .
` ` like the flower ? ''
` ` these flowers are alive ...
flittered around us like a little butterfly around too many flowers .
a few silver mirrors were dotted here and there , wall sconces in the same vein as the chandelier , and flowers of the softest pastels .
two hours after i 'd finished dinner , noah showed up with an apology and a bouquet of gas station flowers .
forcing a bright smile on my face , i took the flowers and held up my cheek for a kiss .
i throw away all of the flowers and cards from classmates and community members .
however , i can see you are just fine , '' talbott continued to stand there awkwardly holding the flowers .
` ` you ' ve got to be kidding me , '' i held back my laughter and eventually took the flowers from him , not knowing what else to do .
the moon shone brightly through the trees , illuminating the world around me in an iridescent glow , blurring concrete lines into one cohesive flow of flowers and trees .
elegant floral designs made out of an orange flower paste , called henna , wrapped their right arms from finger tips to shoulder blades .
one of the stewards turned the water on to an elegant ivory bathtub in the corner of my room and another one brought in flower petals of every color and smell .
the women directed me to a vanity with a cushioned bench and when i sat down , they began to work on my hair again , brushing it gently out and braiding it with silken , cream colored ribbons and matching fresh flowers .
i got lost , both literally and figuratively , wandering around the palace grounds discovering walled gardens with beautiful climbing flowers and ancient shade trees .
the pink sari was exquisite , with silver stitching outlining delicate flowers and loopy designs .
tall silver stands were placed around the room with the same style of bouquets flowing down their elegant sides and onto the floor in pools of delicate flowers , painting the room with purity .
full floral arrangements with the most delicate white flowers on every surface enhanced the room , and instead of the giant couches from before , the floor was covered with a white silk blanket and middle eastern style table that sat on the floor surrounded with colorful , embroidered pillows .
they contained soil , but no flowers .
the trees were finding life again , the buds just beginning to open and the grass turning from brown back to green ; the entire city smelled like flowers and rain .
fresh arrangements of flowers filled the room with fragrant smells ; a bottle of champagne grew warm in a bucket of water , that at one time was ice .
we walked straight into a maze of gardens with twenty - foot hedged walls and blossoms of every shape and color in full bloom .
he led me purposefully along an unkempt dirt path with frenzied flowers and delicate bushes growing possessively in our way .
the ballroom of the castle glimmered in opulence with the lofty golden chandeliers decorated in streaming golden flowers draping down in thin ribbons to cascading bouquets laid flat against the walls .
my chantilly lace strapless corset top draped down just below my drop waist into an angled tier over folds and folds of a chrysanthemum organza blossom skirt .
the tall greenery and clingy flowers were dying out in preparation for winter .
she looked down at the flowers and crinkled her nose again .
i pondered that for a long moment , taking in her argument and her delicate profile that never stopped watching the flowers .
a dance floor had been placed in the center of the space , covered in tight red silk and sprinkled with orange flower petals .
it smelled of airy perfume , and all the trees were hung with flowers .
i hold up a handful of small , delicate flowers with purple petals that stand out unevenly against a brilliant yellow center .
there 's the house , white walls covered in the blue flowers she loves , red poppies stretching away in the background .
it 's all there - the white walls , the rich purple of the lilac , the curving path and the red flowers in the field behind it .
just like the tiny purple blossom hidden in his journal .
the row of blossoms continues , the flowers growing thicker and brighter by the moment , until the entire corridor of the valley is shining with purple in the sunlight , leading toward the forest .
the row of blossoms continues , the flowers growing thicker and brighter by the moment , until the entire corridor of the valley is shining with purple in the sunlight , leading toward the forest .
he tears his eyes away from the flowers in order to look up at me .
as we stand rooted to the spot , a carpet of purple flowers unfurls beneath our feet , racing away from us to ring the building .
as i watch her , an image blossoms across the wall of the cave .
my parents ' house springs to life : white walls , green leaves , and the purple flowers that share lilac 's name .
what flower ?
what flower ? ''
there 's no flower there .
it could almost be the outline of a flower .
the flower is a fluke .
the images they showed us come flooding back - a valley full of flowers , my parents ' cottage as large and colorful as life , a single blossom in lilac 's darkest hour to keep her going .
the images they showed us come flooding back - a valley full of flowers , my parents ' cottage as large and colorful as life , a single blossom in lilac 's darkest hour to keep her going .
despite initially appearing ultra - modest , the back was almost completely sheer until the middle of my back , where glittery , gold detailing created a pattern of elegant , long stemmed flowers all the way to the hem .
it was like something out of a nineteenth century novel , flowers and chocolates , kisses on her hand .
faux flowers added a little romance here and there , and the paintings and decor were modern and airy , giving the whole place a sense of openness and space .
exhaust blossoms in the inky air as critias waits in the driver 's seat .
the wave would strike ; the car would flow with it over the bridge like a blossom spilling over a fountain 's rim .
william 's navy - blue one had a reversible camouflage lining ; claire 's was pale violet with white applique flowers on the hood .
hummingbirds darted from blossom to blossom , sampling nectar .
hummingbirds darted from blossom to blossom , sampling nectar .
` ` jonquils are common here , '' she said , though it was late in the year for their trumpetlike blossoms to look so sturdy and fresh .
he plucked it from the earth and rose to his feet so that the flower was at eureka 's eye level .
ander held the flower out , as if he were going to give it to eureka .
it happened the way the sun rose , the way a flower blossomed , the way rain fell from the sky , the way the dead stopped breathing .
as we drew closer , i saw that every inch of it was covered in intricate carvings of birds and flowers , twisting vines , and magical beasts .
i stretched and reached out to run a finger over the intricately carved birds and flowers on the bedpost .
high above me , the canopy of the bed opened to reveal a ceiling painted in bold colors , an elaborate pattern of leaves and flowers and birds in flight .
at the end of the hallway , we stopped at a set of doors made of light wood , exquisitely carved with birds and blooming flowers .
the flowers had yellow diamonds at their centers , and the birds had what looked like amethyst eyes .
in one corner , terrariums held exotic flowers , insects , and - i saw with a shudder - snakes .
our table was still laden with fresh fruit and flowers furnished from the grisha hothouses , where they made their own weather .
a man with a monkey on his shoulder ambled past , and two men covered from head to toe in gold leaf rode by on zebras , throwing jeweled flowers to everyone they passed .
the air felt curiously warm and was perfumed with the scent of thousands of white flowers , grown in grisha hothouses .
i pulled the fur up higher and i let the tiniest bit of light blossom from my hand .
the air was thick with the smell of apple blossoms , but the fruit was far too small and green to eat .
it was the center of the jurda trade , surrounded by fields of the little orange flowers that people chewed by the bushel .
the bright sky fractured , letting the night back in , and all around us , sparks fell like fading fireworks , a dream of shining petals blown loose from a thousand flowers .
the steps were littered with heaps of withered flowers , small painted icons , the melted stubs of prayer candles .
but most impressive was the centerpiece that ran the length of the table : a living miniature forest rendered in elaborate detail , complete with groves of tiny pines , a climbing trumpet vine with blossoms no bigger than a fingernail , and a little hut that hid the salt cellar .
i let a soft light blossom to guide our steps .
it was a tiny little house , but the yard was immaculate and full of blooming colorful flowers .
i threw it open to find gavin and noah waiting for us with flowers .
you know that , '' he grinned back as he handed me the flowers .
magnificent blue flowers dropped from the branches every few minutes and landed in a basket on the ground .
alexi motioned toward the basket of blue blossoms .
` ` they are simply lotus blossoms one of the many forms of ambrosia .
as i drew nearer , just as the nectar had lured me in with its delicious smell , so too did the blossoms .
night - blooming flowers were everywhere as the moon hung brightly above us .
the amazon warriors struck out from the palace to gather lotus blossoms and nectar for us to dine on before we retired for the evening .
she smelled of tropical flowers and vanilla .
we were in a garden of some sort , surrounded by tropical flowers and white marble statues .
we laughed and picked fresh lotus blossoms and fed them to each other next to the stream .
and i am charmed by all the differing varieties , of colourful flowers .
i regard with fascination how james tends to flowers and plants seemingly with great care and attention .
i sit down on one of the chairs on the paved area overlooking the big garden , resting the glass on the table , and let the afternoon sun drift over me , savouring the absolute tranquillity of this garden , the calmness it offers , as the heady scents emitting from the blossoms whirl gently around me .
i point to a cluster of bright purple flowers .
i think at some point i must have fallen asleep because i ' m not in my room anymore , i ' m in the most beautiful garden i ' ve ever seen and there are these purple flowers everywhere .
in front of this , at the very center , was an ornate lotus flower .
the flowers were followed within minutes by the delivery of a large hatbox .
it seemed an eternity ago , and yet the flowers looked as fresh as when they 'd first arrived .
the lawn was meticulously manicured and each gravesite was filled with trinkets and flowers .
she laughed , ` ` thanks again for the flowers . ''
colorful flowers dotted the front ledge and katherine realized how dreary and colorless winter could be on the east coast .
no matching the flowers with the decor .
on the edge of the woods , the townspeople built crooked altars - careful stacks of painted icons , burnt - down prayer candles , little piles of flowers and beads .
every surface gleamed like new , cheerfully painted with leaves and flowers , animals and tiny people , the paint so fresh and bright it hurt her eyes to look at it after the dull gray surfaces of duva .
striped flowers , black flowers , oddly shaped flowers .
striped flowers , black flowers , oddly shaped flowers .
striped flowers , black flowers , oddly shaped flowers .
fiery flowers burst like rockets from our table , exploded in the air above our heads , and their remnants misted to the table , chairs and floor beneath us like snow .
on the windowsills were candles in big glass jars , blue , green , and brown wine bottles with flowers protruding from their mouths , and a bunch of empty valrhona french chocolate wrappers .
the museum was dark and smel ed like fresh flowers .
emma followed sutton 's family along stone steps that wove through a garden spotted with tiny yellow and violet flowers .
it was cool inside , and smelled like fresh flowers .
at the end of the hall , a curved wooden vase held skinny brown branches blooming with yellow flowers .
the family has requested that donations be made to the university of arizona hospital in lieu of flowers .
i 'd never seen a girl grip flowers like she had a ninja hold on them , but that was what emma did .
i had n't met a woman who would n't melt a degree or two at the arrival of flowers and chocolates .
i let myself get caught up in her excitement , feeling real hope bloom like the first flowers of spring after an endlessly frozen winter .
lawn ornaments , bird baths , flower pots .
his blue jeans are faded , and he 's wearing a kind of hawaiian shirt , except instead of flowers it has tumbling dice on the front .
the ovation continued for a while , with the dancers emerging from the curtain again and again to bow and be showered with flowers .
the front lawn was manicured , and even in the rain , servants bustled around the property , bringing in food , flowers , and other supplies .
each window displayed dresses and tunics , which stood proudly behind lines of sparkling jewelry and broad - rimmed hats clumped together like bouquets of flowers .
and my father 's river palace smells like lotus blossoms . ''
she could smell lotus blossoms and a bit of nutmeg .
she could feel the lingering oil from nehemia 's hands and smell her friend 's lotus - blossom scent on the engraved wood .
stars had been carved into the floor , and trees and flowers adorned the arched ceiling .
the roof of the apothecary was an enclosed glass greenhouse , filled with flowers and potted plants and fruit trees that had been hung with little glittering lights .
she tossed something onto the long table : a small golden bracelet , engraved with lotus blossoms .
he does n't know yet that doubt lingers around anticipation like bees hover around flowers .
the girls fluttered around him like butterflies trying to alight on the same flower .
the cooling earth , opened like a flower to the sky .
he 'd watched mila decorate the handle with yellow flowers last spring .
a thin paper screen painted with images of cherry blossoms .
aria ran to the wall , scanning the flowers .
tides and dwellers sat in groups strewn across the clearing , but sable had erected a platform at the center , where a table decorated with candles and arrangements of lush foliage and colorful flowers had been set up .
more than flowers .
the air smells like flowers and sun - warmed pine .
red flowers .
i wandered from painting to painting , from cityscapes of rome to close - ups of flowers , to canvases crowded with people or stunning singular portraits .
a row of red flowers along a path of purple - and - tan checkered stones .
the bra was white with embroidered lace flowers with scalloped edges along the top of the cups .
blooming flowers decorate the walls , and in the very center is a fountain gently drizzling water over a copper sculpture made to look like a stylized dream catcher .
they 're named after flowers . ''
on the mantel just below the portrait are everything from flowers to handwritten notes , to bits of jewelry and other trinkets .
- - - the cliffside plantation estate has a rose garden filled with well - pruned hedges and exotic , aromatic flowers .
now they 're both laughing , and when they breathe in , the cloying smell of cherry blossom shampoo fills the air around them , which just makes them laugh harder , until they 're all laughed out .
the suite is huge and smells of fresh flowers instead of mildew .
` ` sifu loo li will now show you the first position , ' the opening flower , ' it is called . ''
your most obedient servant john higgins ` ` is it good news about our lotus blossom ? ''
medca is a lovely bride , of course , radiant under her crown of flowers , her hair braided with bright ribbons .
ah , yes , young love ... beautiful to behold , no matter where it happens to blossom .
i could surely sell cloth like this in charleston , if not stuffy old boston ... further study is required ... after my bottom is well wrapped in a light orange and white sari with little green flowers all over it and a light chemise has been put on my top , the end of the sari cloth is placed over my right shoulder for me to use as head covering or veil , whichever i choose .
daisies and other wild flowers were in each one .
the aisle that was made for the wedding party to walk down already had a few dozen red and pink flower petals spread around .
each table had a center piece of wild flowers in mason jars with a few small white votive candles .
as everyone came back into the room , bouquets of flowers were passed out .
it looked like some kind of hawaiian pattern with white flowers scattered on the blue material .
instead , she sent a truckload of flowers .
it was pink , with little pieces of flowers in it .
odd loved the spring , when the waterfalls began to course down the valleys and the woodland was covered with flowers .
we were walking beneath a canopy of apple blossom then , and the world smelled like honey .
commanded by a single stubborn foundress , the survivors folded a new nest in the shape of a paper boat , provisioned it with fallen apricots and squash blossoms , and launched themselves onto the river .
it smelled acrid and sweet , like flowers growing in a chemical spill .
he had a stuffed bittern in his study , and knew the names of quite a number of wild flowers , so his aunt had possibly some justification in describing him as a great naturalist .
when the bluebells began to show themselves in flower he made a point of informing everyone of the fact ; the season of the year might have warned his hearers of the likelihood of such an occurrence , but at least they felt that he was being absolutely frank with them .
the world was trees and flowers and rolling grassland , innocent of men .
he had walked a long time , and even through his dark glasses he could make out the green and red blossoms , the purple fruit on the branches , the orange melons on the vines .
the question was put , not to lady neville , nor to captain compson , nor to any of her admirers , but to the contessa della candini , who stood well back from them all , hugging her flowers to herself and humming a little song of irritation .
` ` the pleasure is ours , coraline jones , '' said the winged girl , nibbling another honeysuckle blossom .
it was a folded - up disposable paper tablecloth covered with red flowers , left over from some picnic they had been on several years before .
there was half an acre of trees , hills and flowers , and a stockade fence that marked the property boundaries .
no vases or flowers or decorations of any kind .
hope bloomed brighter than it had in days , as pretty as a flower opening in the sun .
i recalled flowerbeds overrun with blossoms and an apple tree laden down with fruit .
but he came back a few minutes later with a handful of yellow flowers .
ellie asks , pointing at the yellow flowers on the side of the road .
and i wait for ellie while she picks the yellow flowers with the black dots in the middle .
she holds the flowers and twists the stems together into a knot .
he gently took the flowers from my hand and placed them on the rack inside .
spring was in the air and heading up the long drive way to flynn 's house i could see the blossoms on the apple tree and the daffodils lining the side of the road .
girls had flowers in their hair , and the clothing round the place were bright with color .
joanna blushed but i did n't have enough shame to , and i wound the chain of flowers i were making into a crown and put it on his head .
scents of night - blooming flowers and dark rich loam mingled with the sweet rot of the ancient forest .
only its head was a bulbous blood red flower .
since when did flowers hiss ?
ahead , another dune blocked their path , its slope dotted by desert flowers that looked like blue daffodils .
the illustrations - round - cheeked children in pinafores , with their flower garlands and quaint toys - always used to soothe me , but tonight the words seemed extra ominous .
red flowers on the balcony splashed its only spot of color .
all the flowers were blooming in the summer sunshine .
i was a glorified gardener , pruning and watering and watching for every new mood blossom on the addison stone tree .
unlike the harding photograph or the print that i 'd set on uncle henry 's desk , in this image viviette 's head is crowned not by holly berries but by a wreath of dark flowers .
but i ca n't smell or touch or taste these flowers .
what is the significance of this flower in particular ?
still , the moments i wait for are not made of flowers and chocolates but our stolen , heated moments in the hall and at the banister , behind the library door , and once in the scullery , when quinn sweeps me up so that only the tips of my toes touch the ground .
come next spring , you 'll have a view of pink blossoms instead of that crooked old crone . ''
but now the florists and confectioners have gone , dropping off their arrangements , their bowls of trailing ivy and hothouse roses , their iced petits fours , their candied lavender and orange - blossom petals , and other delicacies beyond the household 's practical expertise .
becky could whip up anything : spring rolls , cupcakes , ricotta - filled squash blossoms .
below , ornamental carp swam in lazy circles , flashing their red , orange , yellow , and white scales among the purple blossoms of the water lilies .
she had grown up roaming these pathways , enveloped in the scent of these blossoms .
dead trees are there , pressed flowers , fallen leaves , fingernail clippings , stuffed hunting trophies , bodies in coffins in the cemeteries .
after getting dropped off beside lush gardens full of luminescent flowers , skye guided cole and jace along wide , empty streets lined with neat yards and tidy buildings .
the air smelled of fresh leaves and blossoms .
a circlet of violet blossoms ringed her head .
with the mild winter waning , blossoms flourished throughout the jungle , from elaborate trombone - shaped flowers to glorious blooms on corkscrew vines to delicate orchids of infinite color and variety .
with the mild winter waning , blossoms flourished throughout the jungle , from elaborate trombone - shaped flowers to glorious blooms on corkscrew vines to delicate orchids of infinite color and variety .
the aroma of tropical blossoms filled his nostrils .
fluffy springtime blossoms made the trees pink and purple .
jason inhaled the scent of little bell - shaped flowers , drooping from a slender stalk .
aram led jason stealthily to the far side , passing a pond decorated with floating flowers , and hopped up to peer over the wall .
bright flowers adorned the conical roofs , and grapevines thrived atop the halls .
he saw a parrot with feathers like flower petals roosting on a nearby limb , head tucked to hide from the deluge .
jason had never pictured flowers of such striking hues - metallic , fluorescent , iridescent .
a circlet of purple blossoms adorned her brow .
in the light of day he could see that some of the surrounding trees wore a rich purple moss sprinkled with tiny white flowers .
a low green fence painted with innumerable flowers enclosed a spacious yard .
if you press this blossom on the hilt and slide it forward , the blade becomes a short - range projectile .
taking his poniard from his pocket , jason fingered the blossom on the handle that could eject the blade .
jason showed the poniard to nicholas , who examined the weapon , peering closely at the blossom that could eject the blade .
evening had fallen when jasher paused beside a pool where a cluster of large violet flowers flourished .
artful arrangements of brilliant flowers blazed from ornate vases , making the room smell like a blossoming field after a gentle rain .
an errant throw shattered an ornate jade vase and sent flowers flying .
but she followed him all the way to the city walls , the cheers growing louder , people tossing flowers , everyone beaming with pride for their perfect , perfect prince .
small gifts left at campsites - a fresh fish , a leaf full of blackberries , a crown of flowers .
abraxos sniffed at a cluster of purple flowers , then flicked his eyes to her .
he moved to sniff some white - and - yellow flowers .
when he went back to sniffing the flowers rather delicately - the insufferable , useless worm - she stalked to the leg of mutton and hauled it up .
the hilt was engraved with lotus blossoms , a ripple of lapis lazuli edging the bottom like a river wave .
legs dangling off a cliff edge , manon sat on a plateau atop a peak in the ruhnns , abraxos sprawled at her side , smelling the night - blooming flowers on the spring meadow .
the mall i 'd found was located downtown , kind of a revitalized ultra - chic place with small boutiques , lots of flowers and spanish - style courtyards .
she wore these bright yellow shoes with pink flowers on them that reminded me of a character in a fairy tale .
there 's even flowers growing in it and the flourishing trees make me think of the trees that enclosed my old childhood home .
curvy patterns form flowers and take up half her side .
but then his thoughts disintegrated completely as a blossom of fresh pain unfurled in a deep blood rose in the center of his chest .
laying the wood in a grid , she knelt , blew on the embers , and was rewarded with a flower of flame .
cupping the tinder , ellie blew until a yellow flower blossomed , then slid the bundle beneath loosely laid twigs .
a scarlet blossom flowered over bucktooth 's back .
to everyone else , the worlds are only metal and swirly colors and tiny people and animals and flowers and other , stranger creatures captured in glass .
this hallway , this asylum , these people , all belong in a nightmare , a blink , a dream , a hallucination - or it 's house that is peopling this illusion , pilfering her memories for details : the embroidered pictures of flowers , the bowed ridged ceiling with its gas lamps , the low pedestal table to her immediate right with that stuffed toucan trapped under a glass dome .
as i considered the song , playing it over in my mind , i decorated the edges of the pages in doodles of hearts and flowers , shading them with delicate strokes in colored pencil .
the drawings of hearts and flowers were a strange compulsion .
the air smelled of forty million cars and forty million flowers .
the future is here , decked in flowers and fruit . ''
not flowers .
beside me , a lustrous trumpet flower hung like a waiting silent bell .
as spring burst out around us , unfurling blossoms so sweet they smelled of rot , turning the ground soft and damp , i became the project of the pack .
a few inches away , i spied more bright green shoots coming up through the old leaves , and two more blossoms .
chapter seven sam i had been sitting at kenny 's for about fifteen minutes , watching the waitress attending to the customers in the other booths like a bee visiting and revisiting flowers , when grace tapped on the other side of the streaked glass .
another from a paper beautifully and intricately printed with flowers and leaves .
light , delicate flakes drifted by the black square of my window , like flower petals .
some sort of blue flower , improbable , dreamt , ran amok through the grass on the other side .
at one point , though , she glanced over in the failing light and caught him placing an entire plant into the hole and knocking dirt over all of it , blossoms included .
she said when ronan emerged , the trees all grew flowers and the henrietta ravens laughed .
he remembered that dream - a haunted old wood , blue , blousey flowers growing in the dapples .
when he 'd woken , he 'd clutched a pulpy handful of blue flowers of a sort no one had seen before .
the white and blue lilies were oversized and spidery with frothy golden stamen , blossoms like nothing he 'd seen elsewhere .
when ronan glanced over his shoulder , gansey stood with one of the blossoms cupped in his hand .
it was full of things from his head , beaks and claws and flowers and vines stuffed into screaming mouths .
the only flowers he could see were white and drowsy .
it exploded above them all like a toxic flower .
she hugged him and said , ` ` flowers and ravens , '' because she wanted him to know she remembered .
tonight , nestled in an inked glen of wicked , beautiful flowers , was a beak where before he 'd seen a scythe .
her fluffed bangs were larger than the flowers .
she made it sound as if the flowers were an unwanted kitten .
orla was always getting sent flowers by various lovelorn men from henrietta and beyond .
it was n't just flowers they sent .
at first , blue did n't understand that she meant that the flowers were for her .
- adam now the tiny bunch of flowers made sense .
the blossoms weighed nothing at all , but to blue , they felt like change .
noah said , ` ` he sent her flowers . ''
closed doors lined the high - ceilinged hall , and every few yards was an alcove containing something unexpected and magical : a delicate water fountain trailing water over carvings , a cage of sleeping canaries , a pillowed chair with lion 's paws , a tree covered with white blossoms .
he dove for it , pushing the cascade of purple flowers out of the way .
beside him , briggan snorted and rubbed his nose against the ground , protesting the flowers ' overpowering scent .
nuala the blanket of yellow dazzles , a frenetic sea of autumn glowing flowers upon a dying world , gifts for a yearly wake hiding behind summer - warm days , the frost - bit nights are growing long with promise of the vicious harvest we take .
then the flowers were replaced with berries and seed pods and the leaves were yellow , then red .
eleanor sat back , her pale green dress spreading out around her like flower petals on the grass .
in the rising dawn , her mouth spread into a wide line of pleasure that evoked memories of butterflies , flowers , sunshine , death , rot .
all the flowers are white and green .
or maybe from the flowers . ''
heavy white blossoms shaped like trumpets hung on the plants closest to us , and pale white lilies tipped their throats up toward the sky beyond them .
make flowers spring from a rock ?
something about the way the moon looked , enigmatic and eternal , reminded me of how i 'd felt when i made the rose blossom in my hands .
there were already knots of people gathered , all discussing details of flowers and timing and music , and in a rush , my stomach remembered how it was supposed to be feeling .
brendan held up his fiddle , a beautiful instrument covered in some sort of paint or gild , patterned in woven flowers and vines .
they shrilled with pleasure and draped a circle of flowers around my neck , tripping around me within the faerie ring .
the fresh growth spread across his cheek , exploding into beautiful white flowers with yellow stamen , and purple daisies with deep black centers , and small , pink bleeding hearts that bobbed as he stumbled back again .
i could smell the lotus blossoms from here as their scent wafted onto my balcony from the gardens below .
` ` could you hand me a lotus blossom ? ''
lotus blossoms were manna to the gods .
i plucked another blossom from a rosebush , careful not to stick my finger on a thorn .
i inhaled the sweet fragrance of the lotus blossoms and enjoyed the cool night air on my skin .
cadmus stood with zeus and my father at the edge of the terrace , amid flowers and greenery and the bluest of skies .
the keres collided into the massive trunk and on impact , the brilliant blue lotus blossoms shriveled and died , falling to the ground in dried black petals .
the gardens were in full bloom this morning , brilliant blossoms of every hue hanging over our heads , lining the walkways and filling the courtyard with heavy floral scents .
my mind was numb and i let it wander , thinking of just yesterday when cadmus and i had spent the afternoon feeding each other lotus blossoms by a bubbling stream .
turning , she took a vase of flowers from a servant girl and placed them on a pedestal in the corner of the gallery box .
they were n't lotus blossoms , but they were delicious nonetheless .
as soon as i opened my eyes and realized where i was , i took off like lightning through the falling lotus blossoms for the palace doors .
his black eyes glittered in the sun as brilliant blue lotus blossoms fell from the tree above him , fluttering around his feet .
the falling blue lotus blossoms , the intricate arbors dripping with jasmine , honeysuckle and climbing wisteria , the sculpted gardens that stretched as far as i could see ... all of it blended together .
athena danced in lotus blossoms while zeus wisely watched everything in front of him with a knowing smile , hera 's hand lying gently on his arm .
the orange and pink blossoms filled the room with their rich fragrance .
raquel ran among the flowers , turning to laugh and yell over her shoulder .
as he did , i realized that i was holding a purple flower blossom .
` ` oh , it 's a medley of things , but it is comprised mostly of dried dragonheart blossoms ... with a few other things of course . ''
` ` dead flowers healed cadmus . ''
` ` they are somewhere surrounded by fields of purple flowers .
` ` there are vast fields of flowers just like these near the oceans of elyria . ''
less than an hour later , we faced beautiful fields of purple blossoms .
this was most certainly where i had seen empusa and raquel in my visions , but there was nothing here now but for the flowers themselves .
the only thing that moved were the blossoms with the gentle sea breeze .
empusa nodded and led the way through the waving flowers .
clean and crisp , it tasted of salt and rich flower blossoms .
clean and crisp , it tasted of salt and rich flower blossoms .
green vines wrapped around luscious trees and flowers .
and soon enough , the jungle - like foliage gave way to fields of waving plants and flowers .
there were even blue lotus blossoms drifting down from trees in the air , falling gently across the cobblestone streets .
elaborate flower arrangements and fruit adorned each long banquet table , while large lotus blossoms drifted down upon the banquet attendees .
elaborate flower arrangements and fruit adorned each long banquet table , while large lotus blossoms drifted down upon the banquet attendees .
eris held out her hand and the owl extended a clenched claw , dropping two small bright pink blossoms onto her palm .
shame and guilt blossomed like diseased flowers in his lungs , making it hard to breathe .
made of large rocks and roughly hewn brick , the homes would have looked almost like natural formations that had stood for a thousand years , except for the countless boxes of flowers hanging here and there , the roofs thatched with bundles of long grasses , the multi - colored windows , and the brightly painted wooden doors - mostly reds and yellows .
the furniture all seemed a little fancy , with frilly carvings and flower prints and lacy stuff here and there .
finally , we 'd all finished with claire and were ready to go , but no one wanted to disturb them , so we stood watching as fiona pulled away from hugh , shook a few seeds from her nest of wild hair , and grew a rose bush heavy with red flowers right where they stood .
they haunted the laundry lines and pub doorways of coal 's twisting lanes , drooping like wilted flowers , eyes flicking toward us and away again .
when the bees needed to pollinate , he 'd gone to find a field of blooming flowers , and that 's where he met fiona , who was sleeping among them .
` ` what else does fiona grow besides bushes and flowers ? ''
dreaming new flowers .
` ` the lass mentioned issrin ev , my blossom . ''
all the flowers in all the gardens were pale and the foliage was silver , and the faeries too were the color of moonlight , and luminous , as if lit from within .
bellatrix tucked night - blooming blossoms into the intricate seven - strand braid .
the scent of the nightspink in her braid had caught the healer 's notice , and as the crows complained of imps , she quietly removed a blossom and held it to her nose .
in the corridor she took the silver - white flower out of her pocket and held it to her nose again .
eyebright and lavender , sweet basil and lemon balm , a great jumble of shivering leaf and flower .
chestnut pudding , corn bread , ripe red tomatoes , custard in fig syrup , soft blue beetlemilk cheeses wrapped in leaves , steaming stew , crispy fried squash blossoms ...
magpie watched with fascination as the empty air below their dangling feet stirred , then spun , lazily at first , then whipping steadily faster until it began to tug blossoms off the tufts of nightspink overhanging the cliff and suck them in .
` ` my petal , my blossom , you 're bleeding !
faeries called blessings and held up babes to see her , and imps of sorts she 'd never seen gave her posies of flowers .
black flowers bloomed before my eyes .
the truck exploded in a blossom of boiling red fire .
despite the hours and hours she had spent playing in the basement , she felt very turned around : she had the sense that the room was growing bigger all around her , extending outward in strange and twisty ways , like a tightly closed flower suddenly opening its petals .
she was touched by the care with which the homes were kept ; in front of one house was a well - swept welcome mat ; in front of another was a flowerpot half the size of the front door , in which an enormous purple flower was growing .
the surface of the black water was spotted with enormous , dark flowers , which looked like overgrown teacups .
but the flower stayed above water , skating easily along the surface .
occasionally she saw a flower so white and huge , it reminded her of the moon .
there were red flowers , with bulbs as large as liza 's head , placed all around the table , letting off their own delicious scent - like honey and pine needles and a fresh ocean breeze , all at once .
she could feel the music , stretching inside her , like long , soft fingers ; the perfume of the food and the flowers made her feel very sleepy .
the boat tipped ; the flower twisted ; liza 's foot came free of the sneaker ; and liza went tumbling , suddenly , into the roaring , rushing river of knowledge .
all around her were silver and gold flowers with blossoms the shape of tiny trumpets ; the air smelled sweet and was full of birdsong .
all around her were silver and gold flowers with blossoms the shape of tiny trumpets ; the air smelled sweet and was full of birdsong .
the clearing was carpeted with tiny flowers of all different colors , and liza 's bare feet sank into the soft petals as she walked .
the air was full of the smells of grass shavings and flowers , raindrops and damp towels , pancakes and rubber tires .
cochabamba was sunny and bustling , infused with a rainbow of flowers and the smell of smog .
a corridor of tangerine and violet flowers grew wild in the dirt , forming a living rainbow along the center of the staircase .
it was may , nearly winter in bolivia , but here the earth was still full of butterflies and tangled flowers .
underneath the jewels , her smudged toes wiggled back at her , adorned with a myriad of henna flowers .
i felt my blood trickle down my chest , spreading like a blossom of shock .
its pink and got little flowers all over it .
a bright streak of orange flowers and dies in gabes aura .
i ve seen this place in the golf magazines and i do nt mind paying for pleasures like this , manny said excitedly , as they headed up the sidewalk , bordered with deep - green , luscious plants , topped with brilliant flowers standing three feet high .
he could smell the damp , decaying vegetation , the pungent smell of an over ripened fruit or flower .
the flowers in the garden often glowed in the sunlight , but they lay dim and drooping in the darkening skies .
there was a time in history when people would dress up elaborately , ornamenting themselves with fine cloth and silk , jewels and gold , yet would mask their faces in the tradition of the masked ball , wearing masks representing animals or flowers , myths or legends .
it was decorated with images of birds and flowers .
glistering dew nourished meadows and flowers to a supple light green , sprinkled with bright dots of yellow , white , red and blue .
the dress , hair , makeup , perfume , flowers , jewelry and a hundred more details had been thought of and arranged long before and awaited their application at just the right time .
in spring they were white with blossom , and when the petals fell it looked like falling snow .
the path took her through ravines decorated with patches of tiny white flowers growing on the grey rocks and over hilltops sprouting spiny - looking shrubs and trees .
directly in front of them and curving around to their left was an expanse of pristine , undisturbed , white beach , bordered by many species of tropical plants , blooming with beautiful , colorful flowers .
he took a deep breath and exhaled slowly , enjoying the feeling of such incredibly clean air , and the fragrances from the pine trees and wild flowers that surrounded him .
purple and yellow flowers dotted the green grass .
garlands of blood - red flowers had been hung from doorways , phallic symbols and crude images were strategically placed in every available location and the wine , ale and mead flowed in an unending river .
tall and slender , with strawberry - blonde hair falling in waves to her waist , the woman wore a long flowing robe of coarse linen , dyed the palest purple and decorated with a single lotus blossom on the left sleeve .
it cut down the flower of the confederacy 's officer corps in the most important theatre of battle in the war .
he picked out two that were simple ; a white one with pink flowers on the front and the other was light pink with a picture of a brown teddy bear on it and crossed mental fingers that they 'd fit .
the mists that played across the flowing waters carried the perfume of the flowers that grew along the rivers bank .
the apple tree in the back of ferauns house was aglow with blossoms and their fragrance filled the air .
the hum of bees gathering the nectar of the blossoms tickled the ears of the people gathered below the trees branches .
it was a heal - all blossom , dried and preserved with magic , suspended on a silver chain .
the flowers this summer are the best i have seen in years .
after he did this , nerza said , place the heal - all blossom into the water .
arii laid the dried blossom on the water .
there were trees , grass and flowers .
butterflies flitted and mated above the flowers , while others gathered nectar from the flowers .
butterflies flitted and mated above the flowers , while others gathered nectar from the flowers .
the fragrance of the flowers and sweet waters filled the air .
she took the time to notice all the flowers blooming , the deep , dark green of the trees , the smell of spring in bloom .
at once you could feel the dryness of everything surrounding you : the wetness of grass and flower had disappeared .
and the vines in blossom ( = semadar , in hebrew ) have given forth their fragrance .
.it had been on starry night in late winter , just before the ides of march , in the parterre which was filled with art and flowers , that a sleepless joshua fflowers had had the idea for the very best present he could give to elena for her forty - fifth birthday .
when jiffy shook his head , it looked to prissi like a dandelion flower gone to seed blowing in the wind .
she emptied her mind and filled her pockets with rocks , leaves , buds and flowers as she wandered the woods around her .
until now , when , with the suddenness of the cherry blossoms arrival , loss and love appear and with them the possibility of driving pride and anger aside .
they can grow practically anywhere in abundance without any help , and all parts of the dandelion are useable : the leaves for greens , the roots for coffee and tea , and the blossoms for jelly and wines .
about all you need are some dandelion blossoms , fresh lemon juice , oranges , sugar , yeast , hot water , and a little patience .
the seeds can develop without cross - fertilization so a flower can fertilize itself .
my classmate agreed , maintaining an easy lead as she dashed through the endless rows of blossoms .
my brow furrowed and my ears drooped ; it was fire lily day , and there was my good friend frieda waiting for me with an armful of delicious blossoms , just dying to be caught so we could share them .
we do nt know how to take care of horses , or where to wash our clothes sarah felt the panic blossom in her chest .
she remembered the startled foxes and quail and the pleasures of the morning viewable only from horsebackthe sunrise , the flowers , the birds , the smell of life , organic and exquisite .
there were bees around us , gathering nectar from the wild flowers that grew there in profusion .
for me beauty was the mud and earth moving under my feet and an invisible hand forcing me forward headlong ; it was a too - bright eruption of light around from behind me ; it was objects moving around me like petals of an unfolding flower .
i could nt help the cold place i felt blossom and expand deep down in my gut .
he had seemed to lie on the couch in the chamber as he was actually lying , while over him pulsed and throbbed a gigantic black blossom so enormous that it hid the ceiling .
then it was that he saw , not a gargantuan blossom , but a dark - skinned man standing above her .
valerian twisted his arm around in front of him , and the thing fell to the floor -- a great black exotic blossom on a jade - green stem , large as a woman 's head , to be sure , but tiny beside the exaggerated vision he had seen .
` ` the blossom whose scent brings deep sleep .
flowering plants , with red and yellow blossoms , grew alongside the path and big sycamore trees shaded the riverbank and the edge of the water .
the flower is a blood red rose .
gray haired , he wore tattered jeans and the most hawaiian hawaiian shirt lucas ever laid eyes on , a veritable explosion of orange and red flowers .
behind them was the first float , sponsored by a local car dealer , with a woman playing betsy ross sitting in the middle of a flatbed truck knitting a huge flag made of red , white , and blue flowers .
odd vases made by her own hand from the clay of the region held beautiful tropical flowers .
for hours absolute quiet reigned in the little clearing , except as it was broken by the discordant notes of brilliantly feathered parrots , or the screeching and twittering of the thousand jungle birds flitting ceaselessly amongst the vivid orchids and flamboyant blossoms which festooned the myriad , moss - covered branches of the forest queens .
the dripping leaves and branches , and the moist petals of gorgeous flowers glistened in the splendor of the returning day .
but she saw nothing outside -- within she saw a patch of greensward surrounded by a matted mass of gorgeous tropical plants and flowers , and , above , the waving foliage of mighty trees , and , over all , the blue of an equatorial sky .
if life worth living we ask ourselves , but never take a second to stop and smell the flowers .
inside of the local , everything was made of white marble and the round tables adorned with flower vases .
he stood up , wanting to kiss me , but i just thank him for the flowers and i took a seat elegant in front of him .
the top of the dress had intricate beading in flower and tree leaf designs , with more crystals and bells alternating on ties around the neckline .
bringing her mind back to focus on the task at hand zafira lit the fifth smudge , white feather plant and a root from a blue flower .
as rica looked at the rest of the city she saw many buildings had glittering crystal forms on the tops , in fantastic shapes of leafs , flowers , birds , and geometric shapes .
some were sculptured into fantastic stems of leaves and giant flower blossoms blending into the crystals that topped them like works of art .
some were sculptured into fantastic stems of leaves and giant flower blossoms blending into the crystals that topped them like works of art .
some of the towers in the compound were like blown glass creations ; one of them had crystal leafs and flowers and another looked like it was being engulfed by crystal flames .
there were stone benches and tables with trees and flowers all around .
setting on the table was a vase filled with yellow and red flowers .
rica was glad she had worn the large corsage of flowers over her bracelet .
those blossoms launch out and wrap around the victim .
then the blossom squeezes and tares the body apart .
the cord connecting the blossom to the tree is long and near unbreakable .
spring flowers of these trees are white and pink .
they were taller than thomas , with thick stems that ended abruptly in an open flower .
as the flower itself had no ornamental qualities , but instead , sharp looking spikes that erupted from its sides .
one of the open mouths , for it was now clear that the flower was an open mouth , had closed on her body , the long razor ends piercing into her chest .
what had looked like sticks moments before , began to uncurl into luminous colored flowers .
zanas walked past the first flower and was rewarded with a puff of air , as bright iridescent powder jettisoned towards her face .
but now , she could follow the beginning of the glow from deep inside the plant and watch as it spread through the flower , a flame igniting .
she found herself staring at the flowers with her mouth agape , like some bug mystified by the beauty of their radiance .
one of the brothers stepped too close to a blossom , and it ejected pollen into the air like fireworks , a flash of brilliance in the night sky .
zanas found herself gazing at her team , each one alight with the bright colors of the flowers .
zanas was reminded of the pangerra flowers , as they opened in the night air of the wet forest .
provincial diffidence , that slight varnish , the ephemeral flower , that down of the peach , had evaporated to the winds through the little orthodox counsels which the three musketeers gave their friend .
this person walked along the terrace , which was ornamented with flowers .
the flower vases bear some subtle landscape paintings typical of ancient chinese art , exquisite .
and when they came , they take pictures ; bring flowers , cakes , chocolates , pies , cards , wine and other goodies .
as it was carved on the outside with exciting pictures of exotic trees and flowers , miriam was disappointed to find that it only contained needles and wool .
tall , elegant pedestals held vases full of flowers and bowls of fruit .
he followed her into a wide room with a long table that had been set with more bowls of fruit and flowers .
neil peered between some of the hanging vines , thick with flowers and fruit , at the long wooden wall .
the door opened and the first lady came in , bearing a vase full of flowers .
she removed one vase full of blossoms on the bedside table , although they still looked as fresh though they had just been picked , and replaced them with the new container of yellow roses , peonies , and snapdragons .
to him , it was like fresh flowers in may .
but if zanphir was the prettiest blossom in a hundred , her consort , ilona , was the queen rose in a thousand , perhaps ten thousand .
then he watched her face pull away from her skull , which emerged like a gaping grotesque flower .
dozens of torches lit an expansive lane bedecked in flowers , fountains , and flowing dresses , while a small road led upwards towards an impressive chateau .
around the edges of the courtyard were rows of beautiful flowers that made everything smell pleasant .
behind the flowers wound a path that led to even more flowers .
my eyes caught a small beauty , in the form of a purple flower with five petals and the ground beneath me was covered in grass , soft and comfortable .
the voice is like song and there is the strong scent of sweet flowers .
the forest had a far sight visibility as the trees were long and thin , stretched up and only a bit outward with white blossoms .
if you wonder , yes , sabrenas favorite flower is yellow roses .
even the docks are enchantingthe whole city smells of flowers in the springtime and the sea in the winter .
it was nt just a clearing , it was a splendid garden , complete with an impressive portico whose columns dripped with blooming flowers .
it is strange that so many of the flowers are in full bloomall of them , really .
even in spring no garden cade had ever seen was so perfectly timed to burst into flower all at once .
it looked like a dream , overflowing with flowers .
she turned to pluck a pale blue blossom from the cascades of them that hung over the courtyard .
she reminded him with a wave of the blossom .
black vines twisted in among the flowers , choking them with thorns .
this close , she smelled of flowers in a way that dwarfed the real thing .
there she was , having a conversation with my mom about my moms orange blossoms probably .
there must be trees and plants with flowers nearby , as many as possible so that they can keep busy .
the two boys had no need to play the part of wide - eyed youngsters in an exotic port ; they were bombarded with new experiences , smells , flowers , black people , orientals and most appalling of all , the base end of the slave trade .
the crew joined richard and the boy at the rail and saw the reason for the lads reluctance to escape : the surface of the water was broiling , floating bodies were being dragged beneath the surface to be replaced by red blossoms , and the slower of the pirate swimmers screamed as they were bitten to pieces .
richard saw an orange blossom followed by a cloud of smoke and counted the seconds .
the newlywed couple escaped the sea of flowers to the sea beneath juliet sailing to the islands of the caribbean .
what the hell pete stopped suddenly as a series of orange - red blossoms replaced each rover .
but while the prince saw all of this , he took no notice - all of his concentration was focused on finding a single golden flower , hung upside down , and tied to seven green shoots of long - blade grass with a black ribbon .
peace , the golden flower , prosperity , the seven green blades of grass , contained within the black ribbon , the empires borders .
all manner of beasts and flowers illuminated the pages , but also creatures with terrifying faces , which , his mother explained , were fallen angels and evil demons .
at his side , a tall , graceful lady in a long green dress with a golden girdle , her red hair garlanded with flowers , flashed a radiant smile around the gathering .
they reined in their horses and gazed out across the bright meadow that lay before them , spangled with purple and yellow flowers and splashed a vibrant red where the occasional poppy blew in the warm breeze .
a sudden light breeze wafted the impossibly sweet , heavy scent of orange - blossom from the walled garden nearby .
the silk was worked with a pattern of flowers around the figure of a single stag , like the one on his shield .
the breeze carried the fragrance of blossoms that would bother some people .
somewhere , blossoms were releasing a fragrance and there was a mild sea mist when they walked near the breakers .
sparse patches of dehydrated grass slowly become lush blossoms of ferns and flowers .
sparse patches of dehydrated grass slowly become lush blossoms of ferns and flowers .
the drought has sucked the grass dry , the plethora of flowers suffering the same fate .
only the warlocks cape lies upon the ferns , rocks , and flowers , taking a humanoid shape at the right angle and distance .
although the rooms were not large , there were little touches a vase of flowers here , a silk curtain there which suggested an elegance out of step with the rest of the town .
a multitude of flowers lined the serpentine drive leading to the mansion ; hundreds of marigolds , snapdragons , and daffodils in a myriad of colors were in full bloom .
you see , in large amounts , the alkaloids in the flowers can be deadly to humans .
she watched eric pick up a necklace with large emeralds mounted on gold petals resembling lotus flowers .
beth could see the garden filled with large green plants with pink flowers .
the reika foundationreika lovely flower in japanese .
the poster had designs of flowers and trees .
he looked like a little girl delicately unfolding a flower .
they were shaped like a large glass umbrella or perhaps the petals of a flower .
two brown comfy armchairs surrounded a small glass table with flowers and magazines placed upon it .
perhaps there is just a touch of yearning at times ; but it is vague , like a breeze among flowers .
beth stepped out at the seventh floor and faced a mirror and a small desk with yellow flowers arranged in a vase .
in her younger years suitors would try to be cute and buy her iris flowers .
suddenly the room smelled sweet like wild flowers or scented soap .
her hair was brushed and decorated with brightly colored flowers .
it was made from brown pottery and held a vibrant bouquet of freshly gathered blue lotus flowers .
the blue flowers had pointed petals , fanned like a wide saucer .
green stems with large disc - like leaves supported the beautiful flowers .
it had a fragrance that eclipsed the sweetest smelling flower .
she used an arrangement of flowers and trinkets ; made from delicate seashells , collected from the seashore .
it did smell like a summers meadow , filled with wild flowers from far away .
the walls had paintings of canals , spires , boats with flowers and beautiful bridges .
the choaka trees were in bloom with their fragrant , white flowers , the cloudless sky was a deep cerulean blue .
as well as potted flowers , a small table and chairs , and one wilting fruit tree , the garden also housed yet another of valiros most guarded secrets .
so many flowers were in bloom my sinuses went crazy .
where the crooked branches struck off from the main structure today , originally a wide porch had circled the house , framed by tall maple trees and deep flower beds filled with what i could only imagine to be bright flowers .
the audi sure makes these local girls buzz around us like bees after a pretty flower , but as soon as they see an old man and a guy with plastic legs get out , they seem to run as fast as somebody shouting incoming back at base .
the meadow is beautified with cuckoopints of yellow - green spathe covered by arrow - shaped leaves , punctuated by tiny purple flowers .
raymee is the only girl with eyes like dewy violet flowers , mumad speculates .
omar says , seeing is believing ; danglars impressed upon us the otherworldliness of her beauty ; but never having seen a violet flower , it was hard to visualize the color he described .
good morning sadness sadness is a friend of melancholy you know the road that will take you to happiness so that you will not be sad or melancholic anymore november the month colorful autumn leaves are all around the first snow falls fresh and light like your soft face your cheeks on the first cold morning red like the roses in may the description of your visage is always near my heart you are still a young suave girl with eyes like wet violets your hair is autumn red but your visage is not melancholic like autumn yet like the smile of paradise sweet and suave like venus of the ocean a sweet divine creature made of strawberry milk and petals of rose flowers perfumed with spring air as autumn returns every year it seems less melancholic with you on my horizon yet calmer and happier the winter , spring time and summer are good friends of autumn the other seasons will be happy to welcome autumns smile again no more melancholic autumns for me .
one of them had a gin blossom that was taking over his face .
slipping quietly out the back door , he walked out through the meadows back garden , which was a sprawling affair casually filled with a massive variety of flowers and trees .
claire supposed a house of magnolia and pine was better than frills and flowers everywhere but it did make the place feel cold .
scattered throughout the grass were thousands of large patches of flowers , purple and white , almost as white as the billowing clouds that speckled the immeasurable , deep blue sky .
the array of purple and white flowers had withered and the trees in the distance stood naked , but he recognized it just the same .
the forest seemed different now that all of the flowers and ferns were beginning to die back .
at the beginning i named this novel , forget - me - not , after the famous flower , which has an evil and important role in the books , my novel the ieloharis island , after the imaginary country and thanks to a good friend of mine for suggesting this idea .
a beautiful girl with green eyes a huge house everywhere blood was shed a serial killer a cave with a blue flower .
and in the middle of the blue flowers , on a huge rock , was the biggest flower of forget - me - not , having its roots very thick , which surrounded that rock all over it .
and in the middle of the blue flowers , on a huge rock , was the biggest flower of forget - me - not , having its roots very thick , which surrounded that rock all over it .
another unexplainable thing was that the flowers were moving ( she thought initially that they were directed by a pale of wind or something ) , and the girl could hear pleasant buzzing coming from all over the place .
the other flowers stopped whispering , and like the huge flower , they drive their attention towards angell , changing a little bit the rug .
when finally she arrived there in front of the huge flower , the girl had to look up like to a tree .
the small blue flowers around , which were forming that carpet , dried suddenly , disappearing one by one like a grand domino .
after a couple of minutes , angell woke up in the torrential rain from outside the cave , with the blue flower in her arms , which started to get smaller and smaller until a kernel .
the queen flower , how angell called the big one , was around the trunk tree , and on the tree , at his roots , grown 200 forget - me - not flowers .
chapter vi pajamas girls night ( back to top ) angell also could easily find from the flowers , what others were doing on the island , like the flower was a spy transistor .
all the time when the water was touching the flower petals , they were changing suddenly the color , erasing the blue and remaining only white like winter snow .
the flower replied .
angell walked stiffed and quick , to the flowers , having a twinge in her stomach .
of course , she knew very well why , because of the promise made by flower , that her wish will come true after three full moons .
the flowers were nt frozen or dead ; on the contrary they were shiny , blue , and full of life , like they were made of plastic .
the tree near the blue gentry was in a trap of those flowers , which were like they grew from the trees truck , getting higher until the branches .
yes the amara sea , its named after the goddess who created the flowers , plants , amara , after the legends .
he named each flower individually , creating legends , myths and the time on the island .
a new flower .
it says that one night , one of the gods , it did nt say who visited the flowers and made a deal with them .
when a person , besides me , tears or touch a forget - me - not flower , its marked , and means that it will carry a curse .
she did nt agree with her daughters believes , she could nt be sure until the flowers would be forever gone , and angell could nt banish them away , or to hear them , being scared of them .
in the dream marvell was crying , having a blue forget - me - not flower in his hand .
the flower became a snake , biting angells leg .
angell walked in the middle of the flowers , steeping on them , seeing that the cobalt blue flowers were starting to puff some small lines of smoke .
she started to laugh , seeing the small blue flowers which were starting to burn .
a husky rough voice could be heard from the flowers , which were burning for good , making a huge blue flame , up above all .
it is only from flowers , let them burn !
god woman , why do nt you understand that only the flowers are on fire ?
instead of her , a huge blue forget - me - not flower appeared , and mariuss stepped on her making her pieces .
was a small blue , forget - me - not flower .
the flight of stukas took off to the west , chased by the black flowers of exploding ack ack .
every gun on the shore , as well as on the gathered ships , joined in a furious barrage , sowing the sky around the aircraft with deadly white tracer and the blossoming black and brown flowers of exploding a.a .
the air smelled of honey and flowers .
felix sat back in his chair and watched the scene unfold with an equal intensity as karen , but focused his attention on the beautiful woman sitting across from him and her reaction to the flower instead of the machine .
tranquil lady looked forward to settling in nuktala because she knew people there , including the chiefs primary wife , bursting flower the old , who was a longtime friend .
she was being assisted by white flower , one of the village midwives .
jiuha was white flowers trainee , and she was her granddaughter .
white flower looked at three baskets .
the new baby lay nestled close to her mother , as white flower and jiuha prepared to leave .
it had small herbal scented blue flowers .
hailey was captivated by the unstopping activity of the bees which buzzed from blossom to blossom , mindless of her presence .
hailey was captivated by the unstopping activity of the bees which buzzed from blossom to blossom , mindless of her presence .
hailey teased some more as she rubbed her nose against a different blossom .
hey , said an exasperated buzzing voice from the other side of the blossom .
when the bees wanted to tell where there were more flowers for pollen they danced to instruct the others how to go there .
the native california plants bearing purple and yellow and gold and red flowers turned themselves to face the moving sunlight throughout the day .
the small flowers were bunched in bouquets on the wildly strung vines .
the flowers overhead were brilliant shades of purple and yellow as the sunlight streamed in from above .
the bush was clustered with many bright yellow and purple flowers .
the birds were so tiny when they settled on the same branch the flowers were not jostled .
without a word they rose off the branch and flitted over to the nearest set of flowers , where they plunged their long beaks into the lantana flowers for the nectar .
without a word they rose off the branch and flitted over to the nearest set of flowers , where they plunged their long beaks into the lantana flowers for the nectar .
they returned to the flowers and without paying any more attention to the lizards they repeated their actions .
over and over again they worked from the flowers to the pyramid until it was covered at the top with the sweet mess .
there was the soft smell of orange blossoms in the evening air .
it did seem to daniel the air was scented with the blossoms whenever something new was going to happen in his life .
in awhile the bees no longer saw him as a threat and they went back to the business of pollinating the orange blossoms .
the perfumed air from millions of orange blossoms softened the erratic flight of the busy white - orange winged butterfly delivering pollen from tree to tree .
the fresh breeze which was blocked below by the embankment ruffled the fur up his back as he settled beneath the pear blossom cactus .
next to the tower were the most stunning flowers , which gave off the most wonderful scent and green lawns bordered with beautifully trimmed bushes .
under the light of a bright orange sun , birds would fly and flowers would bloom so that you could even smell their wonderful aroma .
her fair hair was plaited into a long pony tail which stretched down to her waist and her head was decorated by a garland of white flowers .
soon varvara had embroidered the whole story of their adventures onto a piece of linen and concluded it with a beautiful depiction of michael and bens faces and a bunch of hollyhocks , her favourite flowers .
and what flowers are these ?
the overwhelming sensation that greeted their taste buds was of concentrated air made out of various types of aromatic flowers .
some were shaped like flowers and others like balloons or precious stones with delicate transparent walls .
some were like trees laden with huge succulent fruit ; others were like beds of flowers , which constantly changed form and colour .
the earths victims of suffering were literally showered with flowers .
beyond the casino was the conservatory , which was packed full of exotic and wild flowers and trees .
bright feathers , cleverly sewn into flowers , sprouted on his vest , which was already ornately decorated with a running line that snaked into silhouettes of animals and birds .
properly steeped , as a tea , the blended materials induced a hypnosis that opened a victims mind , turning it into a receptacle for commands , a powerless thing as soft as blossoms .
the meadow that was the valleys floor exploded with flowers , more than shed ever seen in one place .
these flowers , the streamits a place for pleasant memories .
the spring blossoms reached to the tops of his mid - calf boots .
it was a feather , brilliant blue , like the ones sewn into decorative flowers on likats vest .
the scent of the room , a mix of flowers and spices , told him it was neelas .
they walked through the house and out into a pleasant back area , more like a small park , with stone walking - paths , colourful blossoms and trees and shrubs .
now that you have restored order in the world of the mythical gods , my blossom , he said to matilda , i think you deserve a rest .
trees and shrubs showed off their spring colours ; bright greens mingled with the pink and white of early blossom .
the room was beautifully outfitted with lounges , pillows , intricate wall - hangings , pottery vases full of flowers and a large mattress , with a rainbow - decorated coverlet , on the floor .
they were set out like an oasis with palm trees , colourful flower beds , exotic shrubs and sandy beaches beside a lagoon .
small villages were shown with dots while the capital cities , shi guang , the city of light , and shi hua , the city of blossoms , were recorded with stars .
the tiger is revered as the protector from invasion in li peng 's province and there are many tigers in the jungle to the south of their capital , shi hua , the city of blossoms .
after an hour of travelling through brown fields , dust storms and bleak villages , the carriage arrived at the entrance to shi hua , the city of blossoms .
the oddity was that matilda could not see a blossom in sight , just withered trees lining the streets where downcast citizens watched from their houses as the carriage sped by .
yes , my little blossom , maximilian replied with a smile .
she was the stereotypical greek goddess : large , white toga , fudge - coloured , laced sandals , an elegant flower emerging from silky locks , and a clean complexion .
why is that flower there ?
things like flowers of gold , pools of swirling pink water , stalactites that swayed left and right in unison , frozen statues of silver bats and ah ! !
her hair went silky and wavy , her leaf dress suddenly blossomed with a tiny pink flower at the top .
the bier , strewn with roses and other flowers , was set into a cradle of sorts and carried by four white horses .
the smell of the flowers was nearly overwhelming , but they still could nt entirely mask the scent of death in the air .
some wondered if she loved the ring more than the man , for she was seen kissing the small red flower daily .
she scowled as she remounted sterling rose and they continued on with a wafting stench that smelled of jungle wild flowers .
soon enough they brought over a garland of jasmine flowers and placed it around gos neck , which he promptly took a bite out of .
a flower with its deep lavender shade began to open as the moonlight touches each vibrant buds .
so as the flower itself , sofia finished with a smile .
the flower suddenly flamed .
its verge was filled with vibrant flower that grows in abundance .
a drop of the liquid potion made the seed grow into a beautiful bud of some kind of flower .
the flower grow continuously .
aside from that , weird flower suddenly appeared on the midair .
sofia saw the golden flower on the midair .
the golden flower had grown into a towering bush .
the flower had a mind of its own .
beautiful iris with its dazzling flower and sword - shaped leaves flourished at the significant marking .
red tulips with their beautiful large flower , and trumpet - shaped flower of golden daffodils filled the pool along with several snowdrops with its white drooping flowers .
red tulips with their beautiful large flower , and trumpet - shaped flower of golden daffodils filled the pool along with several snowdrops with its white drooping flowers .
red tulips with their beautiful large flower , and trumpet - shaped flower of golden daffodils filled the pool along with several snowdrops with its white drooping flowers .
one thing she noticed , the girl held a flower on her hand iris .
her voice buzzed in his ear like a bee deep in a flower , resonating , but not quite clearly , and as the film ended , she waved goodbye .
juana had arrived the day before in time to help in the building of the enramadas , a shrine of white muslin with the image of the familys favorite saint set above a red cloth covered with flowers and candles .
like the other girls , she carried a chumash basket filled with flower petals and scattered them as she walked .
as serious as his mission was , clint could not help but admire the long groupings of white blossoms hanging in profusion among the velvet leaves of the deep green trees .
he sat me on his lap to tell him everything the sheep and valiant were doing , everything i saw in the field that day , every insignificant cloud formation and flower and insect .
then it became a bright yellow flower of some type , atop a tall straight stem .
i blinked and the boulder became a large pinkish ball with cottony flowers gracing either side of it , while the flower trembled slightly and waved .
i blinked and the boulder became a large pinkish ball with cottony flowers gracing either side of it , while the flower trembled slightly and waved .
the flower became a short candle , gently flickering .
there were uncountable different types of roses and daffodils and many other types of flowers in that garden and in the other side was a lake with a wood bribe parting it from the middle , which full of lovely fishes that beautified the whole garden .
streets were empty because we came through a short cut that alex knew just to avoid trouble from cops the road was so beautiful and we were going through small woodland or rather a beautiful small forest where there were beautiful trees full of different color flowers and the fresh air that was hitting us through the shutters were refreshing us .
there were attractive butterflies coming to collect there daily food from these flowers and bees were buzzing and flying towards the flowers to get their essentials from them to make honey before the butterflies own the flowers .
there were attractive butterflies coming to collect there daily food from these flowers and bees were buzzing and flying towards the flowers to get their essentials from them to make honey before the butterflies own the flowers .
there were attractive butterflies coming to collect there daily food from these flowers and bees were buzzing and flying towards the flowers to get their essentials from them to make honey before the butterflies own the flowers .
they used the cactus flower , i believe .
the aroma of burning cannabis flowers was thick in the air , and as thorn entered mr . pith offered him a pipe .
the amber bones were drinking , shouting , laughing , racing , and smoking mr . piths cannabis flower long into the night .
` ` the flower of the arethus tree , '' the merchant said .
` ` the elves call it nut blossom .
a few had been decorated with flower boxes under the windows .
despite the danger from cannibals and other ferocious animals , pigafetta took long , solitary walks and became something of a naturalist , describing and drawing plants , trees and flowers not known in europe .
when bushes began to bud and little yellow flowers blossomed over the land , the captain general invited serrano to dinner one night .
where siripada was aloof and withdrawn , almanzor , wearing silk robes and a silk scarf on his head surmounted by a garland of flowers , came out to meet them in his prau and beckoned them aboard to sit by him under the awning .
the may day celebration was being held in a school playing field surrounded by a stone wall and cherry trees , coming into their pink blossom .
a few fishermen were watching the eastern glow blossom , and talking quietly .
now take your average shopper , give him twenty pounds of flower , some salt , lard , and a side of beef , and watch him starve to death .
trees , vibrant flowers and all manner of diurnal animals made the scene faultless .
after a filling meal of edible flowers and the white heel of the base of a cattail plant , he went skinny dipping , just like he had done since arriving .
trees grew intricately around and more late spring flowers blossomed at its calm edge to give it a pleasant smell .
her body reacted to his music and to him as many handsome men do , but never had her nipples hardened so fast or her flower swelled for a longing she could nt indulge .
she had never felt such pleasure or excitement in her life and she gasped in surprise as his large hands wound their way between her legs to her flower that beckoned for his ministrations and her hips bucked all on their own as he inserted a finger .
the inside of the grounds were beautiful with flowers and all kinds of decorative foliage .
around most of the pillars were hanging bouquets of flowers and other festive decorations .
like a flower my womanhood swells and blossoms .
and since i ve seen you naked i can say you have the nicest flower i ve ever seen .
at that time her flower sat just above his manhood and he nearly lost control as it began to harden .
they can not control themselves when they see our breasts , flower or ass .
wait what are you meeka could nt finish asking as brooke orally began to tease and nibble on her swollen flower .
and pushed her back onto her flower for another blissful explosion that made her shout upwards in a strong orgasm that took away all other thoughts except the physical expression of true love .
he positioned himself above her heated flower to say if its too much , tell me .
she watched as the lance positioned itself and slowly touched her flower .
the woodland smelt of sweet pine needles and blooming flowers all clean , fresh and new .
over the water , muddy earth turned to fiery rock covered by small , blurry flowers that gurgled strange sounds and slid across the thick , churning surface .
swaying fields of flowers stretched out in front , fluttering enchanting patterns .
these included beautiful flower arrangements , expensive french chocolates ( not the most appropriate of items ) and vintage wine which i discovered shed a penchant for in the past .
so we swept onwards , slipping silently across darkened mystical meadows overflowing with strange glowing flowers , queerly shaped roots and intoxicating odours .
tiny yellow flowers adorned the scene .
twigs crunched softly beneath our feet and fresh apple blossom petals floated around as two happy souls leisurely meandered down the winding woodland path towards the centre of town .
enormous number and variety of flowers and plants adorned the trails sides alongside the talkative brook .
around three quarters of the way up the face there grew a purple flower boasting a faintly spotted centre .
my heart plunged hearing a weathered door thrust open , two light footsteps and the scent of honey blossom .
four striking blue flowers pushed up from the soil , attaining their true , mature form .
come in then , ill show you around , she cried happily , taking my hand , granting me a gorgeous smile and accepting the flowers gratefully .
she let her gaze drift as she was driven through the familiar orange blossom field shed become accustomed to .
the office was quite nice with fresh flowers , clean carpets and colorful paintings on the wall .
they could no longer stomach the boiled flowers of asian origin and had looted along the border .
we do nt have many of these flowers in england .
after landing , kayo approaches evian and delivers the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu ( punch ) sequence .
persia falls onto the ground from the onslaught ... evian and myth position themselves in impressive plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu stances in preparation for battle .
all of a sudden , myth moves forward to punch evian squarely in the jaw using the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence .
upon landing , myth uses the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence to aim a bruising punch towards evians jaw .
rain knocks his hand away and delivers a fast high - kick towards kayos chin , sending him stumbling backward ... della attacks flaxen with a graceful 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence .
after her initial shock , delphi attacks him with the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence .
della rises to her feet and flaxen delivers the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence deftly towards dellas face .
dutch approaches fiend , and with exceptional strength , delivers the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence towards fiends face .
... lars stands and directs the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence towards exiles face .
as lars attempts to stand , exile delivers the 3 - fist plum blossom praying mantis kung - fu sequence towards his face with such force that he staggers onto the ground weakly and can not get up .
alliele then turned her attention to the wound , a festering blackness that slowly expanded , like a weed choking the life from a delicate flower .
from the circle dropped dropped a young girl wearing a white kimono decorated with gold flowers .
then , her surprise switched to the gift of a new outfit on her : a green and white , hooded vest with a line of gold buttons going down it ; a pair of black pants with an auburn - colored belt wrapped around the top , buckled by a gold flower ; white , knee - high boots with gold laces , soles , and heels ; and slung over her shoulder and chest was a strap attached white sheath holding a sword on her back .
the doors at the other end of the nave opened and in rushed prince and fonkee holding baskets of flower petals .
do you remember how wild the wind was that day , how the apple blossom blowing like snowflakes across the churchyard .
dried flowers and herbs tumbled to the floor .
' he said ... he said i was to remind you about the apple blossom , whatever that means . '
she found a once fine white wedding hat , now sad and droopy with ragged fake flowers on top and torn white lace dangling from the front .
a series of swirls and flowers created from beach sand graced the pavement .
the greens were deep and emerald all around us , and the combined fragrance from the flowers and the trees was amazing sweet and pure .
she pointed further to the north , along the river valleys length at a stand of acacia , standing tall and proud , at least twenty metres tall , tiny white flowers growing in spikes showing up on its flat - topped canopy .
` ` john nance garner wanted th ' cactus blossom fer th ' official state flower instead of th ' bluebonnet . ''
the front shone white , interspersed with bright flowers , and people sat outside on metal chairs and tables .
she wandered along the walkways , where endless beds of vibrant flowers filled the air with clashing scents and painted the floor with rows of bright colour .
small bodies of water fed the soft , fur - like grass and elder flowers , the oldest flower in orum .
small bodies of water fed the soft , fur - like grass and elder flowers , the oldest flower in orum .
dylan and lucas were out exploring the city together , it was the first time for both of them and they were impressed by the smart clothes people wore , suits with high collars for men and big dresses with all kinds of flowers and decorations on them for the women .
held back by low stone borders , flowers and bushes provided a riot of life and colour .
even colorful flowers have green stalks .
logically , if the flower is pink , or blue , why would n't the stalk also be that color ?
they walked through it , inhaling the sweet scents of the flowers .
everpresent and treacherous wasps and hornets , their stings made ferocious from the stifling sunlight , buzzed on guard among the fragile blossoms of honeysuckle sugar .
strange how so many beautiful flowers grow in stink .
he said that these flowers were the most reliable , that they kept on being beautiful every spring without all the care the other plants required .
two young women in white dresses were occupied arranging flowers and food trays on white tablecloths .
he stooped to pick a tiny blue blossom that had survived the crushing of the heavy fire truck tires the night before .
my wifes favorite color , he yelled back to the other man , holding the flower up .
a bush grew from a platform in the middle of the water and on it a single white flower budded .
the roses yellow petals transformed to blue , casting an azure glow , and the prince noticed the flower 's hue change .
there was a faint scent of tropical flowers and wet jungle that always seemed to hang in guam 's atmosphere .
it had bright blue flowers and green leaves on it and was made of a very fine cotton fabric .
the golden sands , blue ocean waters , bougainvillea flowers , palm trees , brown eyed , black haired , beautiful women .
it was a very soft blue with pink apple blossoms and small green leaves .
yellow flowers and green vines found themselves wrapped around each pole in such a way as if to be planted in the ground and coming up from the earth to adorn the frame .
you , muirne munchem , were presented to clann baoiscne as the unsullied blossom that would unite our two families .
ah , young love blossoms at the end of the world .
the flowers used were sweet and aromatic .
then there was an unfamiliar flower and more trees and thorny plants .
small shrubbery and wild flowers made way , opening a path through the meadow .
they showed him where to find berries , figs , rhubarb , watermelon , pomegranate , tasty mushrooms and flowers .
demetrius decorated it with flowers from around the world and candles that emitted the sweet fragrance of jasmine .
but after a while i began seeing more and more trees and flowers and the river and other animals .
gradually , more became visible : butterflies and flowers that he had nt seen before , and a faint twinkling of lights that hovered overhead .
he examined the trees , grasses , flowers , and busheswhich the englanders called hedges .
i listen to you describe in great detail the grace and majesty of a creature ready to devour you ; of sunsets , animals , flowers and even the cold stone walls of my castle .
oraden poked at the ground , flowers and trees .
as expected , it was a beautiful landscaperich with grasses , flowers and deciduous foliage .
but more than the plant , i saw entire constellations of wild flowers , some as tiny as buttons , some as blue as turquoise stones , some as red and ripe as pomegranates and some yellow like the sun .
we knew the names of birds and flowers .
there is an old lady in a brown cotton sari the borders gold - circumambulating the tree , and her hands hold the coconut and flowers that she has brought for the tree in such a way that they form both a container and a salutation .
she has white flowers in her grey hair .
everything is the same dust - brown monochrome , except near the rivers , where there is a sudden burst of crystal blue and green , along with the twinkling colors of wild flowers .
the scent of wild flowers fills the valley , and we delay our journey to be there in the warmth of sun , the gurgling of river and the buzzing of bees .
i can see the swaying trees and i can hear the rustling leaves ; i can see the bright red drops in my line of sight that are the red flowers of the jacaranda tree .
their hostess smiled as she led them into a magnificent room full of historical paintings , fresh flowers , and a grand fireplace at one end .
we are going to take a gift to elsu , kimana said as she held some flatbread and leotie had flowers in her hand .
lucas bent down , mouth agape , and touched a small flower with his index finger .
in the center was a massive trumpetshaped flower , pointing toward the sky .
several green vinelike roots were visible , stemming from the base of the flower and delving deeply into the ground .
on her head was a black pointed hat with a large circular brim , decorated with what zoe considered to be a rather ugly flower .
everything from steamers to keel boats , to barges and more buzzed about the sloped levees of riverbank like bees in a field of flowers .
` ` amigo , while i am a great proponent of amour and believe the flower of love must nurtured that it might bloom into a beautiful blossom , i do not believe the local vermin harbor such sentiments . ''
a deathly calm enclosed the entire countryside , in the twisting flickers of firelight an endless stream of snow could be seen plummeting down upon the frozen grass , blanketing the earth as the dispersing flower buds did in the warmest months of the year .
here and there , old dried out flowers were hanging on the walls and the candles on the tables had different shapes and colours .
it was as wonderful as a bleeding heart , whimsical , almost fairy - like blossoms that are red , pink or white .
these flowers are pendulous , formed much like hearts people draw on their valentines cards , and raceme bearing have many individual flowers , each one 1 - 2 '' long , with intensive red - pink outer petals and white inner petals .
these flowers are pendulous , formed much like hearts people draw on their valentines cards , and raceme bearing have many individual flowers , each one 1 - 2 '' long , with intensive red - pink outer petals and white inner petals .
these flowers really look like hearts , which would bleed , and their beauty always impressed julian .
the leaves curled and the lily blossoms , three of them , looked to be waving , very slightly .
niveus , so named for she was white as the late spring snow storm that blanketed the world outside at her birth , had not an ounce of hair and eyes pink as a cherry blossom .
she was a frail beauty , like a fragile , spring blossom in a hail storm .
the little white bird in hooks lagoon fluttered and flapped her wings , the coyotes yelped and the indians whooped ; a male hippogriff strutted his stuff for the pleasure of his female , and flowers of every sort , hundreds of them , bloomed .
the proof of childhood dreams being real was a rare cherry blossom , rare indeed .
it was rather welcoming with two fireplaces , warm , wood - tone accents , and lots of fresh flowers , but they were never too much to overpower the enticing smells drifting from the kitchen .
a warm morning breeze carries the scent of sweet flowers to his waking nose .
the door swings open revealing a nicely dressed sailor holding a tray adorned with a vase filled with flowers .
quickly and sneakily , he leans over and plucks a half dozen assorted flowers .
he swings it over his shoulder while staring at the vista of merchants selling everything from flowers to exotic spices .
as he walks , he leans his head back slightly to smell the multitude of competing smells coming from all the steamy food , fragrant flowers , and aromatic goods .
but , each flower wilts in the heat of the passing afternoon light .
native women toss rings of flowers on the water , which is supposed to alert their gods ' to supernaturally protect the ship along its journey .
chapter 11 : springtime in lisbon flower blossoms cover the bay as the virgin queen cuts a path through springs welcoming gesture .
chapter 11 : springtime in lisbon flower blossoms cover the bay as the virgin queen cuts a path through springs welcoming gesture .
they watch with thousands of other wandering eyes as this prince and princess disappear through the drifting blossoms of springtime .
hank , now wide awake , just kept marching , thinking on those yellow flowers , drowning out the sounds of the other men as best he could while they marched as quickly as possible toward the battlefield .
i stand in front of kaylas grave covered with an abundant amount of flowers .
the flowers had completely opened and grown nearly three feet tall .
it looked like waves of bright yellow and lavender flowers .
he passed under the archway and into a large , terrace garden of exotic and custom built plants , flower , and treessome edible , some not .
the plant was green with red - tipped , bell - shaped leaves and red flowers .
smoothly and gracefully , they opened , like the petals of an exotic flower , each segment clicking into place at the base , a line of luminescent violet shimmering along the edges , like a cuttlefish .
the warm breeze was gentler , almost caressing their skin and heavy with the intoxicating scent of tropical flowers .
side by side , they stood with his people in a large hall festooned with tropical plants and flowers .
* they could smell the thick , heady fragrance from the flowers before they entered the forest .
slowing a little , billy watched the bright butterflies dart past his eyes as they flitted from one flower to another , struggling to beat their wings through the syrupy air .
they looked down at the trees with the ferns and flowers that now stood rigid , like cardboard cut - outs .
almost at once , it began to open in sections like a flower .
garlands of flowers heaped as high as my hips surrounded it like a moat .
the cliffs and mountains stood behind , blooming with flowers and trees .
on the table there was a vase full of wild flowers which one of his daughters brought , and the leftover cake which he have baked in the afternoon .
she had been able to change into clean jeans and a short - sleeved shirt that was white with red flowers along the bottom .
sunlight filled the room and outside was a wonderful garden filled with hundreds of colors and different flowers .
lush grass covered the area , dotted with small summer flowers that grew wild .
this should be a picnic area , she thought when she looked at the cool grass and the tiny flowers nodding in the breeze , but her mind imagined a picnic table set over a pit stuffed with wailing , suffocating people .
she glanced around her at the pastoral setting , the sloughing trees and the nodding flowers .
` ` and flowers for us both , you old romantic , '' renee added .
join them and see , through their eyes , how one family grows and blossoms through the good times and bad .
fiona smiled and handed the patient a huge bunch of flowers .
on the cover inside a border of delicate flowers was a coloured photograph of a large colonial type house with a younger julie on the front porch holding a toddler in her arms .
they were about five metres high and covered in leaves and the remains of tiny flowers .
in early summer they 're a mass of those sweet scented flowers , '' harold explained .
` ` oh my god , i ' m overwhelmed , '' kylena responded as three ladies appeared with a massive bunch of flowers and an enormous gift wrapped in pink paper .
the tree daisies were in full bloom with the scented flowers adding to the tranquillity on the scene .
even as she went to take it , the air grew still , the scent of flowers replaced by a down - rush of ozone .
chapter 11 the foundation of empire purple and white flowers lay on the field .
she cast another look around and found lana and ido weaving a garland of dried flowers into crows hair , who indulged them patiently .
the first flowers appeared .
the meal was an uninspired affair of dried meat from the storage cairns served with some young clover leaves , and for afterwards some white flower which just hinted at being sweet .
the nest was a very neat , tightly woven affair , in its centre an egg of a sparkling color , and beside it a cluster of white flowers in a lace bed of delicate ferns .
the cluster of white flowers had a delicate sweet taste and was just the thing to enjoy after a heavy meal of juicy meats .
the girls returned to the cave around midday with a basket filled with blossoms and a few woven into their hair , their skins glowing .
then i think lana left petals of white flowers for us to follow , the white almost glowing in the dark so we could press on .
finally , she kneeled behind him and combed his hair and rubbed crushed flower blossoms onto his head .
come , ela , the riverbank is full of flowers .
there are big yellow ones in bloom , then some tiny tender blue , he wished right now he knew the names of all these , and a lacy white composition , some cluster flowers , some little purple ones of the most pleasant fragrance .
i see the seedling grow into a plant , then bloom with the flower of its youth , ripen into fruit of its seeds , many fold .
i thought it was beautiful , derie said , but it was the same asi literally mean thisexactly the same as the susie ackermans : off - white with pink flowers , down to here .
miko lay down near the boat beneath a large bush with reddish , purple flowers .
he did nt leave a note with it , instead he twined it around several beautiful flowers and laid it upon a finely embroidered kerchief .
they had often gone exploring , searching through the shrubs and trees , examining the flowers and plants which grew there unchecked , even wild in places where ira had allowed them to go their own way .
out through the back door they ran and suddenly jack found himself in an enormous garden filled with all manner of flowers and vegetation .
the different varieties of flowers that grew there defied description .
beds of flowers of many different kinds ran side by side up a wide clearing flanked by tall elm trees .
he had no idea where he was and all around him there was nothing but trees , fields and flowers , no landmarks , no points of reference .
they crossed fields and meadows laden with flowers , passing through dense stands of oak and elm , as well as other trees that were unfamiliar to tom and jack .
at the edge of the forest , the wolf was waiting for him and slowly he made his way across a field of wild flowers to meet the beast .
tom gazed out into black woods , across fields of scattered flowers , primeval trees etched against the sky .
where the land began to climb steadily upward , the hillside was lush and prosperous , thick grass and wild flowers dominating the countryside .
looking down at the far - off landscape below jack saw a meadow crowded with wild flowers , creating patterns of colour across the surface of the world .
the badger rubbed his snout amongst the flowers , their fragrance sweet .
this window was filled with flowers and waterfalls in the distance .
the air was fresh and clean with a hint of fresh rain and flowers .
the fireplace crackled with cheer and flower petals gave the room a delicate scent which made ones mind rest .
and the childs name turned out to be blossom .
floa and blossom can do that to anyone , but i love blossoms gurgling coos .
floa and blossom can do that to anyone , but i love blossoms gurgling coos .
for a two and a half month old , pixies grew quick and blossom look more like a green skinned four year old with dark black hair like her mother , but her butterfly wings had a lot more gold and white markings .
kanade if i go with them will you watch over blossom while away ?
reevy , this is floa and her daughter blossom , enchantress kanade and you already know the others .
floa answered as blossom lay curled up on the bench after finishing her nectar .
chapter 13 kanade sat on the floor of their living room playing with blossom when ethan exited the bathroom and had changed into a brown leather jacket over a green t - shirt and had the front zipped half way .
he then tickled blossoms exposed pea green ribs .
then she clapped and disappeared to go get blossom .
floa just picked up blossom .
be calm , blossom .
mind your auntie , blossom .
floa shrugged and walked around the table , taking hold of blossom and putting her down on kanades collarbone for safety .
at the size blossom took , she would be a light snack for the cat .
most surprising of all were the gigantic flowers in full bloom facing inside .
the illuminating flowers disappeared and was replaces by a giant cavern .
the glow of the flowers were all that gave constant light .
then before they took one step floa clapped again , disappeared and ten seconds later reappeared in her larger form , carrying blossom asleep in her arms and even brought along kanade .
down below the team waited , but floa disappeared with blossom and came back soon empty handed , obviously to put the baby pixie to bed .
has kanade and blossom been good today ?
seeing the empty , messy bed proved blossom and panther played there otherwise it would be folded just the way kanade liked it .
the event will be larger than blossoms arrival celebration .
floa landed as she changed to her larger size while blossom missed her own tackle and instead got lost down between kanades breasts .
both ethan and kanade groaned and it made floa only grin more and make blossom touch her tiny lips with complete confusion .
she clapped her hands and departed with blossom before a response even had time to formulate .
the gazebo itself was ornate with white and blue flowers of all kinds .
they were the same colors as the floral arrangements , only the flowers were a lighter blue .
once there , brandywine took her arm in his and walked down the aisle as two young girls threw red flower petals down in front of them .
as tony looked around , he had to admit that the different white , blue , and red flowers added a great deal of charm and offset the green very well .
wearing a white hoop dress with a light blue pastel flower print , her lower half filled the entrance of the doorway .
autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower .
it was only when , the following day , kyle and i marched the pair of them back there to apologise carrying flowers and chocolates , that the ban was lifted .
the multi - coloured flowers on the border separating the two wallpapers grew out further over the walls until they nearly touched the ceiling and the floor .
as the flowers stretched out onto the ceiling they changed into long thin strips of colour .
my knee opened up like a blossoming flower .
` ` we want to see young love blossom in front of our eyes , '' one worker told him while the others looked away to laugh .
its a small blue and white urn of alabaster and ivory , glazed in a simple pattern of flowers and doves .
so fat george hated matthew the more for this , and barbara hated matthew the more for this , and when there s a single enemy , a certain kind of friendship blossoms between old enemies .
the document looked better than the previous papyrus the book had turned into back in greece , and had very intricate flower designs on its back .
matthew gently unfolded it and beheld an ancient writing he clearly recognized around the flowers .
two flat screens faced travelers on opposing walls lined with exotic flowers here , and as they waited in line for their turn , matthews attention was drawn to a boys picture on one of the sets .
she ate strange flowers and herbs , even though she knew they would make her sick .
she put on a dress embroidered with golden thread , and she wore a crown on her head beset with crystals and flowers .
she taught runa the names of many of the flowers and herbs she had long gathered in the forest and showed her new uses for them .
within the shop , at ceiling height , a single vine of hand painted , violet flowers ran along every wall .
it had no brilliant blossoms , no blazing spring colors to herald its existence .
her wide brimmed hat , with its enormous cluster of preposterously bright silk flowers , had long ago succumbed to the unexpected trials of life and now drooped pathetically over her face .
and there are so many plants , in number and variety , flowers and fruits all wondrous to behold .
the sun smiled benignly down on the earth , and the blossoms open themselves to the warm touch of its rays .
rea , unable to let that go unchallenged , was quick to point out , flowers have their time of bloom , fruits have their seasons , and the seasons have their cycles .
suddenly our field is full of flowers and the fruits have ripened all at once .
the women and girls brought baskets of flower petals and they showered doan , celebrating her return .
a young girl named rainbow rubbed fragrant blossoms into doans hair .
on a gathering excursion with the other women , dawn came across a small bush covered with delicate flowers , some in full bloom , others just buds awaiting their turn .
attracted by the pleasant scent of the blossoms , on a hunch she tasted the leaves which had a fresh tangy flavour .
it was odd to see flowers so suspended in mid - air .
what flowers bloomed , what birds and insects were there ?
the men waved bundles of cattails , a symbol of power and homage , and the women cast seeds and flower blossoms at them .
the men waved bundles of cattails , a symbol of power and homage , and the women cast seeds and flower blossoms at them .
so many women scattering blossoms in his path .
there were so many blooms of different shapes and colors in a field of flowers to view .
with the curiosity of a child , rainbow was holding some flowers out to them asking them something , her face betraying her puzzlement .
there were also smelling contests , as closed folds of aromatic plants and flowers were passed around and the contestants guessed their contents .
a forest of sacred horns and skulls , some festooned with flowers and greenery , swayed atop long poles .
i will make you a hot drink from some flower seeds .
but it is not the measure of a man how many flowers he gathers , but what he does with the one he settles on .
the tall enigma imrm takes in the refreshing absence of human speech for half a minute afterward , until a voice comes from the other side of the carved wooden door , featuring whimsical designs of fairies and flowers .
on even more tiles , however , are opposing depictions of people sharing , flowers , adorable puppies , logical discussion , patience , properly - directed expression of ones emotions , and other things that simply are not seen as very manly at all .
she wove in some sticks and flowers for ornamentation to make it look like shed put in some effort .
he extracted a silk gown coloured in tiny gemstones in the pattern of budding flowers .
a trellis swamped with thick vines and large bulbous purple and blue flowers clung to the wall .
the flowers made great spiral patterns of pink azaleas , bluebells , daffodils and snap dragons .
the flowers are gorgeous .
the external preparations included beeswax , simple ointments , extract of lead , red precipitate and ten pounds of flowers of sulphur .
the flowers are big and round like a girls tit , chuckles .
deer and other wildlife feed off the flowers and cones and needles .
no platforms of flowers or islander reads his mobile telephone for more information .
she could be decorated with a few scraps of silk , ribbons and flowers .
by the time the gift giving came to an end , alvar was surrounded by beautiful flowers , furs and other essentials for the afterlife .
the moppy - headed fourteen - year - old stopped at one display and frowned at the brightly decorated sugar skulls sitting in prominence among the cheerful blossoms .
she admired the neatly trimmed bougainvillea flowers and the shady trees .
seeds of flowers .
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
the building has remained unaltered with the original windows used for air ventilation , heart pine flooring for endurance , working fireplaces for heat and most of the plaster surviving over 400 years of teens sterling studies the first window that overflows with a set of green thick velvet curtains beside the next tall window of white sheer drapery then a geometric electric blue circles on linen ; a heavy red silk ; striped black and white sheer , a yellow and green cotton wool plaid , a pink solid silky rayon floral flowers of cotton ; a baby blue background with tan birds and brown tree branches in burlap ; a hot pink flowers on a white background with purple fans ; a crimson red paisley print on silk ; a set of navy blue and white stripes on cotton ; a set of lavender burlap curtains , and the last window treatment mint green lace sheer curtains while pondering what the heck decorated this school .
the building has remained unaltered with the original windows used for air ventilation , heart pine flooring for endurance , working fireplaces for heat and most of the plaster surviving over 400 years of teens sterling studies the first window that overflows with a set of green thick velvet curtains beside the next tall window of white sheer drapery then a geometric electric blue circles on linen ; a heavy red silk ; striped black and white sheer , a yellow and green cotton wool plaid , a pink solid silky rayon floral flowers of cotton ; a baby blue background with tan birds and brown tree branches in burlap ; a hot pink flowers on a white background with purple fans ; a crimson red paisley print on silk ; a set of navy blue and white stripes on cotton ; a set of lavender burlap curtains , and the last window treatment mint green lace sheer curtains while pondering what the heck decorated this school .
the dogtrot grounds are both elegant with beautiful arrays of flowers from azaleas to roses and eaten with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts in the red clay soil .
the room is squared - shaped in wall paper of green vines and colorful flowers .
the flower grows between the hard crevices of the tinted dull red rock around the base of the mountain making the picture perfect for some , giggles with some of the girls .
the forest looks green and thick with tall trees , green leaves , small plant bushes and lots of wild flowers .
ya know them be a delicacy in some cultures throughout the world i scan the forest with trees concentrating on the far away yellow flower .
the bloom of a jasmine flower occurs in the evening , when the temperature starts to cool down .
incredulously he looked at his big beautiful house , lovely garden , well - groomed trees , flowers , and said through his teeth : all that s missing is peacocks .
little blossom , please do nt call me that , she snapped .
my little blossom he whispered .
i m here , little blossom .
wild flowers lent their colors to the field : yellow , red , and green , as if the farmers had paved the land with colorful , long , wide tiles .
on his right , blossomed the lavish red flowers of a flamboyant gulmohartree .
on my way up the trail i crossed through breaks in the green fir and hemlock trees where the woods would clear and the trail meander through wide , grassy fields , dotted with flower patches of vivid shades of dark purple , and bright reds and yellows , heated by the sun into vibrant bursts of color .
i saw , amongst the thick , dark - green cow parsnip bushes , with their little umbrellas of white flower clusters hidden on top , and huckleberry plants boasting the sought - after vivid blue berries sagging heavy with juice almost to the ground , there were purple lupine flowers rising up in their vertical clusters , like violet spear heads , and also brilliant three - petal trillium flowers looking like white starfish having crawled up the mountain to lay in the sun .
i saw , amongst the thick , dark - green cow parsnip bushes , with their little umbrellas of white flower clusters hidden on top , and huckleberry plants boasting the sought - after vivid blue berries sagging heavy with juice almost to the ground , there were purple lupine flowers rising up in their vertical clusters , like violet spear heads , and also brilliant three - petal trillium flowers looking like white starfish having crawled up the mountain to lay in the sun .
i saw , amongst the thick , dark - green cow parsnip bushes , with their little umbrellas of white flower clusters hidden on top , and huckleberry plants boasting the sought - after vivid blue berries sagging heavy with juice almost to the ground , there were purple lupine flowers rising up in their vertical clusters , like violet spear heads , and also brilliant three - petal trillium flowers looking like white starfish having crawled up the mountain to lay in the sun .
a scurry of rocks and dust said that a fat marmot had just scampered underground ; and bees lazily , drunkenly , flew around the flower blossoms in no particular hurry .
a scurry of rocks and dust said that a fat marmot had just scampered underground ; and bees lazily , drunkenly , flew around the flower blossoms in no particular hurry .
i smelled the huckleberry blossoms and sun - dried grass , and i could hear the wind in the distant trees and feel the sun warming my face , and i thought that it would be nice if alia came walking out of those trees , into the meadow .
i stood for a moment just watching the wind play with the flower blossoms , and then i turned and trudged on up the slope .
as we climbed even higher , the trees began thinning out and the patches of flowers and grass grew thicker in the spread out places , where sunlight reached them more .
brookes dark hair was lit by the sun and moved in the breeze that brought with it the smell of warmed earth and sugary flowers .
brooke picked up a small purple blossom of flowers and twirled it thoughtfully under her nose .
brooke picked up a small purple blossom of flowers and twirled it thoughtfully under her nose .
photos , art , flowers in small vases and candles placed here and there .
a land covered with flowers , blessed with abundant fertility .
he lifted one with a thin stalk , narrow leaves and a small blue flower .
this time of the year it is easy to spot because of its distinctive blue flower .
he said it grew in the open meadows , has tiny , blue flowers and long thin leaves .
lelat , who was sucking sweetness from some flower blossoms , contributed , it does change the picture considerably though .
lelat , who was sucking sweetness from some flower blossoms , contributed , it does change the picture considerably though .
the serving girls buzzed around like drunken bees filtering between flowers .
she let go off my hand and ran into the garden , looking gaudily at the red and blue petal flowers .
he had greeted claire with a bunch of flowers at the airport and after delivering her luggage to the company house , they had gone to the office to meet her new colleagues .
when the storm was finally out of breath , trees and bushes stood tousled and tender flowers lay crushed on the ground .
the metallic residual of the electronic components kills both the flowers and the trees .
playtus is a brute environment , since the metal remnants of toxic metal residual pollute both the air and the soil , killing the flowers , the grass , the animals , and the unhealthy people .
throughout history , a man gives the woman he desires , a bouquet of flowers , or a bottle of perfume , or a book of love poems , exhibiting his love .
i grow fruits and flowers .
the birds fly with me then right over the pond lake , watching the frogs leap from the lily flowers .
then , i slam another boot into the wild flowers of the rock mountain , stumbling forward on my knees .
i land in a valley of flowers , hearing .
day 26 starrtus auditorium cosine i stand at the archway , smelling the fresh flowers .
why are we not at a luxurious suite with flowers , candies , candles , and a roaring fireplace , instead of a cold bright ugly room ?
but , you re fresh and new , like a spring blossom .
then , the surviving belles are presented pretty , like you , with flowers and fluff .
there is nt a lot of grass , flowers , or trees on playtus .
the floor exhibits tall trees , low bushes , and knee - high flowers , all in white .
even this is a bit strange to me as mostly they land on bright flowers .
anne stood in the middle of the living room looking out at a private walled garden complete with a small fountain bubbling water into a riot of colorful flowers .
the four sides of the nose split open and spread apart , like the petals of some effulgent metallic flower , revealing the hollow barrel of a great cannon .
a sudden breeze carried the sweet smell of blossoms through the air .
her sweet , apple blossom scent floated through the air .
light purple - colored grass and dazzling flowers covered the mountainside .
instead they were electric , fun and lively with candles , flowers and glamour .
the kids were disappointed , but then dinner was announced and they all floated into the dining room decorated with burning white candles , white table cloth linen and fresh white flowers .
she was wearing a wonderful white short sleeved dress with red flowers on the collar , with a pair of lady - like white paten leather shoes , her feet a large size 8 !
it was a short , brilliant red lily , which shone beautifully out of place amongst the other flowers around it .
past the flowers and the trees however , gisbo noticed animals of all kinds running about freely , animals he had only seen pictures of .
it seemed small holes in the roofs would open and close from time to time to filter in fresh smells from outdoors , always keeping their dwelling smelling of fragrant flowers and honeysuckle .
there were flowers at the feet of the deities and utensils of various designs and small instruments for worship .
he was presented with flowers and garlands .
at one end is a small fountain with water gurgling down rocky cascades into a pool with tropical fish surrounded by small flowers .
one thing i noticed , the babe on nemusmar was like a blossom in a garden .
and , of course , about flowers .
annalea adored flowers , and had collected one of near every variety on nemusmar .
most of the whites preferred young , bountiful women in full blossom .
and due to her proliferating every type of native flower , me quartersand all the surroundswere continually bathed in exotic fragrances .
justin flowers pointed at keith and said , hit puberty before you talk to me boy .
other gurus tend to overdo the effects ; too many flowers , for instance , but there was evidence of a brilliant tastefulness all through the ashram ; he had the balance just right , everything , right down to the literature , was perfectly done .
there was jane who sent me a pleasant letter , adorned with flowers , saying she was a member of the world peace organization and volunteering to help me .
green shoots and rosettes were sprouting up everywhere , many with flower buds ready to burst .
and do nt forget the flowers .
there was no one around , so i bustled over to the next yard and snapped off a good half a dozen blossoms .
the blossom shriveled and burst into flakes .
urszula teetered and collapsed at the center of this giant , wooden flower .
from on high , the whole assemblage looked like a scraggly flower someone had mashed into the ground and twisted , the horus its shaggy , rotting stem .
the heavy scent of the orange blossoms cascaded over her , making her head swim .
pink bougainvillea cascaded everywhere and there were bed after bed of dazzling flowers so bright that they almost hurt the eyes , even in the dark .
new blossoms did not have the full strength and beauty that later flowers did .
he was holding flowers !
but woven into the cloth , with delicate and intricate detail , were the words blessings , your sisters at the top , blue flowers along the sides , and the initials k & m on the bottom edge .
jack shouted over his shoulder , as he stood in front of the refrigerator with the door open , staring at the bright yellow casserole dish with little red flowers painted on the ceramic lid .
she loved little animals , old jazz and spring flowers- especially the apple blossom .
the image of those sweet little innocent flowers was burned into his brain for all of eternity , from when he wanted to put his fist through them after mistaking cousin tee - tee for the other man .
next to them , a sparkling river , wyrra , or new memory , gurgled cheerfully over rounded stones ; dragon flies and pixies zipped playfully over the water and among the delicate silver blossoms of the curatreestrees that looked as if giant oaks had been shrunk to three feet ; the trees rare and precious sap could cure almost any injury .
a vibrant array of flowers skirted lush lawns ; apple trees , bursting with pink and white blossoms , shaded many of the cobbled streets and pathways .
a vibrant array of flowers skirted lush lawns ; apple trees , bursting with pink and white blossoms , shaded many of the cobbled streets and pathways .
they chatted non - stop about various plants , flowers , and birds that thrived next to the wyrna river .
flowers sent out a sweet array of fragrances as bees bobbed in and out of their blossoms .
they raced through the badlands , between reddish - gold sandstone cliffs and over rough grass and hardy wild flowers .
i knew it was her by the smell of vanilla and flowers , and i was happy .
the only problem we have is the different levels of moisture needed by different species of flowers .
he inhaled the scent of her hair , which always smelled like cherry blossoms .
something about the energy from the mountains and trees and flowers made him feel complete .
she had the natural perfume of summer flowers and lore wilderness .
the pods formed , opened , and blossomed ; their large white flowers sprung into full form , all in the space of a few seconds , like watching a time - lapse camera .
the bright green foliage and summer flowers of that lone branch stood in sharp contrast to the rest of the shrub .
` ` father doyle said these bushes will get pretty big and bloom red and white flowers from spring into autumn . ''
it was an orange , rose blossom mix , and it had always been my favorite .
if anyone gazed at the picture for more than three seconds , the brown blossom appeared to have teeth .
blue and white painted koi fish swam in calm jade waters beneath the falling cherry blossoms of a bigger than life mural .
the scent of cherry blossoms wafted from her skin .
she knew little about botany , but recognized the pink blossoms as oleanders and begonias .
it might be the flowers .
the man with the scoped rifle had a bandage on his right upper arm with a blossom of crimson in the center .
colored by wild poppy flowers , the hills were bright and colorful and seemed to literally radiate golden .
he looks at serena one more time out of the corner of his eye , then disappears into the shrubbery , his wagging tail grazing over a patch of blooming purple flowers .
her movements are slow and weighted , but it is necessary when walking amidst the poisonous flowers .
though wolfsbane is a threatened species , growing only in damp woods and high elevations , undine gardeners have been successful in yielding longer blooming periods for the sulfur - yellow flowers .
the nectar of the flower causes severe itching and dermatitis on skin of ungainlies , undine , and werewolf alike .
serena twirls the long stem of a flower .
slowly , serena pokes one finger inside a flower , pushing aside petals to view the hollow spur at the apex .
working the next few hours , serena labors in the painstakingly precise task of placing each stem where the flower is visible but wo n't be blown away from the wind .
landing softly with her trident at the ready , a puff of yellow flowers float up around her like a ring of smoke .
serena shifts on the branch , standing to place her feet in between the braids of poisonous flowers .
to dream of tridents and yellow flowers , and mer '' he drifts off , catching himself in time .
heat blossoms in serena 's abdomen , and she does n't know why .
almost immediately the flower inside serena shrivels .
the wind picks up , catching a yellow flower .
just outside of the wolfsbane flowers rests a steady stream of wolf prints .
serena extends the circle , covering each footprint with at least five flowers .
when the first is done , she removes an arrow from her quiver and ties the braid of flowers to the shaft .
she climbs two branches to retrieve the arrow , then she does it all over again with another line of flowers .
bending down , serena plucks a wolfsbane flower out of the ground by its stem .
serena follows , pausing at the edge of the flowers .
she clears her throat and clutches at the stem of the flower .
they stand at her treeboth are on the ground , one inside the yellow flowers and one outside .
it settles into a pile of material amidst the flowers .
she kicks out and a plume of yellow flowers puff out toward him .
the undine tend to be more sensitive to herbs and flowers than ungainly . ''
her first stop is her tree , where she can collect strands of wolfsbane flowers already strung together .
a small , wolfsbane flower is drawn below .
a lacy veil of poison flowers forms , hanging just beyond the tree line , enough that hopefully any ungainlies on the beach wo n't notice .
cordelia buries the stem into the ground , so the rest of the wolfsbane flower stands straight up .
they part , and serena turns , hopping through the line of flowers before she has a chance to change her mind .
the book begins with a verse directly under the flower : a simple beginning a life - altering change fins and scales to fur and fangs serena freezes , mouth dropping open .
flower bed garlands of brown ferns , yellow trumpets , pink , red and orange orchids reiterated the overwhelming human victory over nature .
the buzzing sound of a green humming bird flitting between the few flowers still bestowing nectar was a reminder of the ancient courtship long conducted between nature and this land .
welcoming springs with delicate flowers .
bumble bees cruised the young flowers .
she wore a crown of blue flowers .
bright green leaves and vines full of flowers and fruits adorned the cloth .
delicate strokes made buttons and beads and leaves and flowers appear .
fungus and little animals and secret little flowers and baby birds in their nests and a prowling cat paraded across his senses .
the big home contained a large inner courtyard of flowers and trees and even a little pond of fish .
then a face took shape within the shady recesses of a bush speckled with tiny white flowers .
while he lingered in the fragrant countryside the woodland chatter and the whispering breeze through the meadow flowers had soothed his grief .
the artfully arranged flowers in glazed vases astounded her .
there were trees , bushes , and bright colored flowers all over .
the five onyx buttons running down the jacket were undone , revealing a black vest embroidered with tiny blue , red , and yellow flowers peeking from thin green vines .
piled in it had been a sapphire necklace , gold bracelets and rings , a silver - framed mirror , a crystal vial of disturbingly sweet perfume , a set of hairclips in the shape of mythical flowers , a letter welcoming her and promising a home filled with luxuries and servants when their studies were complete , and most welcome , a dress that came as close as was possible to fitting .
light blue , the fabric was almost the same color as her eyes , and its only adornment were simple white flowers embroidered along the neck and sleeves .
at the same time , they housed countless birds and squirrels whose calls and chatter filled the forest with welcome sounds while a slight breeze perfumed the air with the scents of pine sap and wild flowers .
chandeliers in the shapes of flying cranes lit the space from above while multi - colored glass lamps modeled after flowers were spaced along the walls between delicately carved wooden doors and oil paintings .
they knew only about now : now was the time of full bloom and warmth , now was the time of feeding and breeding , now was not the time to harbor an evil man who would taint the blossoms and wither the young .
the banks of the stream were just a few body lengths away on both sides , and nolan could see fresh grass and yellow flowers growing on the banks .
the little girl was wearing green pajamas with orange flowers and ducked every time thunder rolled .
the band noticed ami occasionally picked up flowers or leaves or bark or small stones and put them in her purse .
he snapped his fingers and a thin vine with a pink bell - shaped flower snaked over to his perch .
he barked some kind of order into the flower in his own language and then the flower snaked away .
they were lead to the stump and the creature said something into a flower on a vine .
` ` i tried , but none of the dream symbolism i could find ever explained what a green cargo van with orange flower decals was supposed to mean , so i gave up , '' leah replied .
they nodded and walked back to the garden behind the church and watched the butterflies lazily float from flower to flower .
she put the garland of small , pink flowers on her head .
there were also flowers in the grass , which did n't match the season , and there did n't seem to be any animals or insects .
the tunnel started showing signs of plant life and was nearly completely covered with dark green moss and tiny pink flowers when they heard a faint , scurrying sound and they could see a large , black rat running along the wall in their direction .
the ceiling was still covered in moss and flowers and the light seemed brighter .
some of the plants were squared off hedges , some were bushes covered with berries or flowers , and some were just flowers .
templeton ran around to some of the nearby flowers and hit them , which caused pollen to fly in the air .
then the winter garden turned into an overgrown jungle with thick vines and brightly colored flowers .
oh , maryann said in a small voice , as she pulled away from a pink flower .
he was thinking red and blue flowers to match the color scheme of the hotel , with some small specks of white to spruce up the entrance .
they resemble large blossoms returning to buds as the human dragon hosts replace their dragon identity .
the sheets were cool against her skin and the floor was filled with flowers .
tall trees and bright orange flowers .
as with all the other flowers , this one burst into flame and she could see the scales of a very large snake .
the bushes were filled with thorns and fire flowers .
* * * the air smelled less like flowers and more like dust .
the ground was sprinkled with small pink flowers and paths of mountain rocks sticking from the soft earth .
the clouds disappear , replaced by a sunny plateau , covered in flowers of every color and type .
i hear her gasp in awe at the beautiful plateau before us , covered in flowers , floating above the clouds .
she loved the way the wind hit her face and the smell of wild flowers .
ruby followed behind holding the large basket of flowers .
in it grew many species of flowers which were his pride and joy .
though the bushes were losing their shapes and the paved walks were dirty and leaf - strewn , i could sense the peace that had once bloomed here like the small white flowers .
the malice i d met outside was like a tossed bouquet of spring flowers in comparison .
the crowd turned from me to see a cart decorated with vine leaves and flowers .
i wanted joris head on a platter , nicely decorated with parsley , giant fennel , and saffron flowers .
glorious butterflies , gold , green , and a shimmering blue , danced over the blossoms , stopping to sip where they wished .
the juice of bergamot oranges , unfermented grape juice and the pressings of a few flowers and herbs .
` ` i dream of a dead brother and a golden - haired child who made me crowns of flowers .
as he went , i heard him say , ` ` she made me a crown of golden flowers ... . '' i looked at the queen , her face like a mask of pride worn in some triumphal pageant .
it contains hypernian wine , the juice of three persimmons , twelve crushed petals from the unholy flowers that bloom along the river styx , captured vapors from the depths of the nekromanteion , and five drops from the waters of the river of lethe . ''
poor little bud , what a blossom she would have been .
though scented and rubbed with aromatic oils like any wealthy woman , there was a deeper odor that came through the attar of roses and cassia flower , a stink like cold wet ashes .
then the flames spread out like vines seeking light , blossoming swiftly with crimson flowers .
for the sake of my short sleeves , i desperately hoped it was cotton or maybe even blossoms of some sort .
the slightest amount of it made her blossom after such humiliation and her smile was genuine .
they picked up the wicker baskets , containing the white wax flowers , and intertwined them through mauds wavy hair .
thousands of white and blue flowers blanketed the drays exterior , and white silk streamers hung from each of the four deathbed posts .
these delicate blue flowers only blossomed in bergendal during late springtime and were ailias favorite flower .
over her graying hair she wore a black scarf embroidered with gray flowers .
to decorate the walls , the woman had hung some colorful fabric along with some dried flowers .
your freedom has ended and now you finally belong to me , my sweet blossom !
doris had an amazing touch with plants and flowers .
there was no illumination , no inscription ; each page was filled with closely set numbers and letters , the ink faded with age , or strange painted pictures of flowers and cavorting maidens .
but the children were warmly covered , their faces clean , their flaxen hair combed and dressed with small white meadow flowers .
a pungent broth bubbled in a pot on the softly crackling fire , herbs hung in bunches from the low roof beams , rough made shelves held earthen bowls of fruit and nuts and everywhere were flowers .
as they strolled through the well swept streets , a curly haired girl broke away from her mother and bounded up , holding in her chubby hand a posy of meadow flowers , which she solemnly offered to christian .
the shining domes and spires of churches towered above the buildings and gardens filled with flowers made bright islands of colour among the seething waterways .
then they topped a dune and saw damascus arrayed before them like a garden of golden flowers in the desert .
pretty wild flowers and grasses grew on both sides of its banks and small trees trailed their branches in the clear , clean water .
the morning light gleaming through the grilled window shone upon a young girl standing at the foot of his bed , holding a spray of brightly coloured flowers .
her eyes were demurely cast down , her delicate hands a soft frame for the blossoms which paled in comparison to her beauty .
great torches set into the rock lit up bright frescos adorning the walls , one a picture of emerald trees and twisted vines , flowers and soft grasses , a garden of eden .
christian thanked them for their kindness and rode on and a pretty barefoot beggar led him to neilimans house , a pink stone building with lush palms shading a fountain splashing in the middle of a courtyard filled with flowers .
my master , i beg youthou art my life as the flower is to the sun , my breath as the seed is to the winddo not send me back !
there are flowers that hang like a cluster of golden stars from their stems and berries , one bite of which and the sourest fruit becomes as manna from heaven , for it is your right to see what marvels exist in the world .
and the children came out smiling , carrying tiny monkeys on their shoulders , or pretty lizards , or clutching bright tinkling bells and delicate flowers .
this time christian took them , not to another room but to a wooden gate leading to a walled enclosure and he waved them through , into a glorious gardengiant lilies hanging like church bells from painted arches , exuding a perfume that made them giddy with its intensity , and tiny white blossoms spread like an exquisitely woven carpet under their feet .
and high above them , branches of golden flowers , cascading and tumbling down like falling stars into a pond alive with glittering , splashing fish .
and he led him to a hidden door behind the veil of golden flowers and down , by slippery , mould covered steps , down , winding and twisting to the very foundations of the tower itself .
a garden was established , bright flower beds , an orchard and a wonderful herbarium , full of useful plants .
he stared into the distance , and i knew that he was looking at dazzling flowers , listening to a lyrical stream , tracking the progress of the invisible storm .
his smile was lazy , slow , and i felt an answering grin blossom across my lips .
the blossom of hope that had started to unfurl shriveled .
she was over by the tree , that much she remembered , such a beautiful sweet fragrance coming from its pretty white flowers , such a shame they were so poisonous .
we walked through a thickly wooded area that was embellished with many different flowers .
jasmine and narcissus flowers contributed strong fragrances .
in the middle of all the flowers was an arbor with a stone bench under it .
an arrangement of tropical flowers just flown in adorned the buffet .
the next morning i was sitting on aunt cats front porch , sipping my orange blossom tea .
once we hiked over the lava rock , the interior was jungle - like with many trees and brush and flowers .
in the middle of the night , alex dreamed that angels fluttered around her like butterflies about a flower .
she held out her hand and a flower blossomed .
the day was bright and sunny and spring flowers covered the fields surrounding the city .
master tito gave that dreamy glass - floored bay a wide berth , even when a serpent - prowed gondola shot from behind a castellated point of land , and naked dusky women , with great red blossoms in their hair , stood and called to his sailors , and posed and postured brazenly .
from a cluster of green , curiously leafed stalks , great black blossoms nodded at him .
above his prostrate form the great black blossoms nodded in the windless air .
they were winged and of heroic proportions ; not a branch on the mysterious stalk of evolution that culminated in man , but the ripe blossom on an alien tree , separate and apart from that stalk .
exhausted they lay down among the ruins where red blossoms that bloom but once in a century waved in the full moon , and sleep fell upon them .
the moon hung in the shadowy sky , painting the jungle red and black ; above the sleepers glimmered the crimson blossoms , like splashes of blood .
dimly he seemed to see himself lying under a nodding cluster of black blossoms , while from the bushes a hideous shape crept toward him .
she frowned at him as he entered and he offered her the flower .
a thorny rose for my rose thorne , he said in a straight - laced manner , handing the flower to the young woman .
there are cured meats , breads , seeds and edible flowers from my own garden .
and what flowers !
and must i , said henry , as he gazed from a window of the hall upon the undulating park , the majestic trees , the flowers , the shrubs , and the many natural beauties with which the place was full , must i be chased from this spot , the home of my self and of my kindred , by a phantommust i indeed seek refuge elsewhere , because my own home has become hideous ?
it was , the traditions say , a land wonderful for its fertility , filled with all things that the heart could desire , splendid with flowers and rich with luscious fruits .
she gave him lots of details , from where they found sonsedhor to the looks on their faces to the colors of the flowers and the scent in the air .
what was familiarly in the family at the hall called the garden , was a semi - circular piece of ground shaded in several directions by trees , and which was exclusively devoted to the growth of flowers .
all around , too , bloomed the fairest and sweetest of flowers , which a rich soil and a sheltered situation could produce .
a light sound , as of some fairy footstep among the flowers , came upon his ears , and turning instantly to the direction from whence the sound proceeded , he saw what his heart had previously assured him of , namely , that it was his flora who was coming .
the surrounding country was irrigated until it fairly bloomed with gigantic vegetation and flowers ; the canals were carefully regulated with locks so that the supply of water was under complete control ; the display of magnificent metallic buildings of all kinds and sizes produced a most dazzling effect , and the protection against enemies afforded by the innumerable fortifications surrounding the ringed city , and guarding the neighbouring lands , seemed complete .
and from nowhere , five flower petals appeared .
the petals of the flower then started to rotate , slowly and slowly , recognizing the new bond .
and there appeared in the middle of the flower , a lady with breathtaking beauty .
when everything was ready to sustain life , the flower started to descend gradually .
and the petals of the flower each became a land .
at the cemetery , cherry blossoms were at full bloom , embracing the living and the dead in the soft fragrance .
he grinned and said , hmm cherry blossoms and a slight hint of peppermint .
well , i found a petal of cherry blossom and a leaf of peppermint beside them in the garden .
the sauce is juice of orange and strawberry , mixed with the essence of spring flowers .
we live on vegetables , fruits , and flowers , and most importantly , mitchy reached for her glass , pure water .
the kingdoms , according to the story , were located in positions like flower petals of a beautiful spring flower , surrounded by the deep ocean .
the kingdoms , according to the story , were located in positions like flower petals of a beautiful spring flower , surrounded by the deep ocean .
we believe people who roam in each kingdom are born from different flowers .
oh , the soothing fragrance of cherry blossom !
by the way , the part with peppermint and cherry blossom were not known to anybody but for selected few until today .
the withered flowers regained life and he started to hear birds tweeting .
he felt the fragrance of cherry blossoms fill the air , and the voice said , believe yourself , and find your way .
the air will be filled with the sweet fragrance of cherry blossoms .
meg felt the air around her now filled with the fragrance of cherry blossoms .
my flower is sakura , or cherry blossoms , remember ?
then a white flower petal suddenly appeared and started to gleam in front of her .
i think this white flower petal is showing us the way to sakuratta .
because i know this white flower petal , answered meg .
is a petal of a cherry blossom .
the name sakuratta comes from cherry blossoms right ?
in front of her eyes were beautiful cherry blossoms at full bloom .
the spring rose had finally come out of the ocean of nothingness an hour ago , guided by the petal of the cherry blossom meg had spotted .
* * * two hours later , meg and tithy were walking around the forest , enjoying the magnificent view of cherry blossoms .
there on top of a nearby cherry blossom perched the largest butterfly meg had ever seen , and it looked poisonous .
as the weather had become a bit windier than before , some petals of cherry blossoms were falling .
and meg realized that kens voice was coming from one of the petals of cherry blossoms that had fallen over the night .
i feel i also belong to sakuratta since my flower is cherry blossoms .
the gentle rustle of the multitude of blossom trees that echo like a rich kokisian opera can not rival the banshees lament that escapes from your bee stung lips .
emelia could see early spring flowers flecked like paint across the grass .
between the farmlands were small woodlands , trees erupting with spring blossom .
the uncultivated grasslands were flecked with flowers : dandelions and honeysuckle , daisies and buttercups .
he could still smell the aroma of spring flowers , still hear the bubble of the river , still sense the last kiss planted on his lips almost absent mindedly , like a post - script on a letter .
the spore have a saying , when the gorse is in blossom , kissing is in season .
waybread , he recognized by its tall , cylindrical leaves and yellow flowers that evolved into a gelatinous seedpod in the fall .
trak found them all , but the last herb , atterlothe , the venom loather , trak could not find , although its tall stem ringed by blue flowers should have been easy to spot .
he imagines her in her cave peering through her magnifying glass at a tiny blossom .
a monarch flutters among the spring flowers and reminds trak of myrel and her butterfly zoo .
the old goblin sits at her table examining a small flower under her magnifying glass .
the flowers speak a language all their own .
he walked past the enchanting trees , the exotic flowers , the fountains , all brimming with water and life .
it was like watching the sky blossom and melt with color , like feeling the breath of the morning awaken the senses , like seeing a rose rising from the remains of a dead world .
the giant stalks of olive flowers emerged from the three - foot high leaves , even as something more disturbing seemed to be growing amongst the weeds , something that had nt been growing there previously .
the ground trembled once more , with their vision falling between the flowing flowers , horrifyingly discovering the bodies of small children and babies strewn throughout the field .
soon it was a plethora of tiny voices , as fairies rose up from the field of flowers , and the tiny voices kept growing louder .
nothing seemed to matter , as he watched the big black dog vanish into the flowers , as the petal - like fairies rose upwards into the thousands , all agitatedly flittering around him .
at once a silhouette of a man and a dog lifted up from the field of flowers , drifting like feathers across the meadow , as thousands of teeny tiny giggling voices could be heard all together , all leading the unsightly man - eaters far from the field .
below him flowers and bushes grew among trees in a square garden .
the blossom helped her feel better ; the first sign of an apple cheered her up no end .
creation took no notice ; it went on as usual and when spring came round it produced bud , blossom and apple - to - be , as though nothing had happened .
the church was decorated with all types of flower arrangements and plants .
lucinda saw the casket in the middle of the flowers .
the gown was a strapless , fitted trumpet gown with subtle white flower appliques , sparkling silver sequins and lace with a chapel train .
the aroma was a stimulating smell of flower blossoms wakening the senses .
the aroma was a stimulating smell of flower blossoms wakening the senses .
there are lots of blooming flowers and fragrant shrubs and aromatic ferns .
most of the spritesthere were exactly one thousand seven hundred and fifty three that he could either see or feelwere adorned in no more than wreaths of flowers and the occasional loin cloth .
isabel bent closer to smell the tiny blossom , and gasped .
as they watched , all the little flowers began to close up and shrink back into buds .
she stood as the flowers opened once more , rapidly , almost too swiftly to see the process take place .
the heat pulsed and throbbed , opening up like a flower and spreading out , making my skin feel tightly stretched trying to contain it .
i hollered as that blossom in my chest rose , hearing a strange call in the air , and humming to join it .
determination dribbled into my chest , giving that warm blossom new life .
as such , delicate cups with pastel flowers adorned polished , mahogany wood .
the lotus blossoms , amaranths * and palms enriched the zephyrs with their fragrant balms , and rainbow - colored lovebirds trilled among the vines , where grapes the size of melons hung .
the poison vapors from refineries despatched unsightly flowers , grass and trees .
the blue meconopsis swayed in the hollow spaces of her heartreminding her that there were things , like himalayan flowers , that she had never known in the world .
no flowers bloomed and no birds dared to sing .
chapter 5 the black blossom one hand slipped off .
it looked like a dark flower growing in a patch of dirt .
the black blossom .
everything except the black blossom .
with steady hands , nicolas scooped up the black blossom , holding it like a baby .
as long as he did nt encounter any obstacles , the flower would reach its destination unharmed .
nicolas took the amber crystal and in turn , handed her the black blossom .
nicolas told of the deal struck and the adventure in obtaining the flower .
news of the black blossom disturbed nimmie .
terror trees , nimmie whispered , this is what she has conjured using the black blossom .
she had been working fast , building a force of evil using the black blossom he had brought her .
no flowers or plants .
the walls were decorated with stickers of flowers and grinning suns .
a little hand held up a delicate purple blossom .
there was no telling what the children had to do to get their hands on the precious blossom .
they emerged one by one , each with a small beautiful flower in their hand .
biting wind scattered the precious blossoms into the shadows of the city .
and this he held out the blossom in his hand .
in her rush , the small blossom flew from the where it clung onto her knives and twirled helplessly to the floor .
the room was as absurdly ornate as everything else in the house , with golden sconces along the walls , plush chairs for lounging and reading , a high plaster ceiling carved with children and flowers and painted in garish colors , and a narrow cherrywood table that had once belonged to his great - great - grandfather .
a cauldron steamed over a fire next to a wagon the color of spring leaves , with garlands of golden flowers painted all over it .
i overheard mister venn talking to miss li , and he said something about davids little blossom , and winked at her !
epilogue the scent of flowers in deep bloom wafted through the open doors .
i stood on the bank of a little lake amongst the pretty flowers and tall grass .
zack and luke forged ahead , while the girls examined interesting shrubs and wild flowers .
as he turned his head to look about , his eyes were filled with wonderment , taking in lush bodies of greenery , of glorious flowers and plants , which grew in such abundance as to astound the mind .
there is an abundance of both cultivated flowers and wild vines growing all about the limestone court , adding to its beauty , and the house , itself , is always kept in the finest of order .
a path of flat stones led up to the door and the steps were beautified , with an assortment of native flowers , growing on both sides .
plants pruned to flawless perfection , as well as small gardens of lavishly groomed flowers , several fruit bearing trees , and lush hangs of grapes , stone vases and small pools of crystal clear water , all surrounded him in its quaint loveliness .
trees were plentiful and gave shade in certain places and there was an occasional patch of wild flowers as well .
enormous bouquets of beautiful flowers from some of the king 's fairest gardens were placed fresh along the center of the table each day .
the woods appeared to be glowing iridescently and every color of flower , leaf , and rock seemed to be magnified .
her bedroom walls were decorated with pink and green flowers , rainbows , and hearts .
not exactly how i pictured my first time out of the house : i assumed i would run barefoot through a meadow , with the sun shining bright above , the warmth on my skin , bright colored flowers and green fields around me .
chapter 12 arianna found herself standing on unsure legs , surrounded by lush fields of green speckled with blossoms in vibrant shades of pink and purple .
but i like to watch birds and butterflies and flowers in the spring .
when she opened them , lush fields of green dotted with blossoms in vibrant shades of pink and purple surrounded her .
the white of eggs , oil , crushed flowers , even seeds and beetles ; they all went into her pots .
i could offer to support their marriage ; with flowers and a carriage for their wedding , a pretty little cottage for them to live in !
it was the day shed first noticed how wonderfully gorgeous flowers were , how amazingly brightly coloured butterflies could be .
this was followed by flowers , and from one of these flowers , blooming for the first time , the petals opened to reveal a being no bigger than a seed sitting in the middle of the flower .
this was followed by flowers , and from one of these flowers , blooming for the first time , the petals opened to reveal a being no bigger than a seed sitting in the middle of the flower .
the being stood up , and jumped down from the flower , growing to the height of a pet cat by the time its feet touched the ground .
unlike the trees in the wood , where one tree might blossom huge snowy flowers whilst anothers branches were bare and leafless .
such a one was father brion , with a beard as white as the snowy white flowers and a face as wrinkled as the bark of the strange trees themselves .
she took to following him whenever he took the path to the village , a disturbing black - eyed sprite , half - hidden by white flowers and red fruits and dark branches .
all of them were more practical than the golden leaves : a wooden knife that was as sharp as iron and never dulled , a bag of seeds that grew into blossoms that looked like giant bluebells , an orange vegetable shaped like a crescent moon that tasted of anise and cucumber .
it was a meticulously manicured stretch of sandstone paths and emerald green bushes , with beds of flowers that grew all to the same height .
shed already made him a blanket of snowy white blossoms .
the weeds would bloom then with scarlet flowers , and all the birds in the wood would sing together .
lady erin straightened up and let the last of the leaves and blossoms fall from her hand .
its forbidding menace was softened by flowers with soft round petals .
it was deeper than he expected , and the heady scent of its flowers pressed around him , making him feel claustrophobic .
she wove him a shirt from the snowy white blossoms , and embroidered it with elaborate patterns of green leaves and red flowers .
she wove him a shirt from the snowy white blossoms , and embroidered it with elaborate patterns of green leaves and red flowers .
the rabbit quirked its long ears , and then took another piece of clover blossom from the flat of the faeries palm .
shed even woven a bandage from a field of wild flowers and wrapped it around her aching palm , with an herb and mud poultice to help with the healing .
to his short legs it had seemed like forever , and the dark trees were something out of a nightmaretowering over him with their spooky green leaves and white blossoms and glowing red fruit .
still , he looked at the evening blue of the flowers , and the wicked - looking needles of the thicket , and he did not go inside .
the sharp smell of its bark and the oppressive odor of its blossoms were quickly left behind .
and if the weave was strangely reminiscent of delicate star - shaped flowers , bearing the sugary aroma of wild plums , and if the jewels that glittered from it resembled a scattering of morning dew dropswell , it was glorious nonetheless .
the volume of the crowd surged with enthusiasm at the sight of them and a spontaneous showering of flowers was thrown out at the royal couple , most to be trampled under the horses hooves , but some of which landed in the carriage itself .
black roots snaked across several of the neat sandstone paths , and the carefully manicured flowerbeds no longer possessed flowers that grew all to the same height .
farmers came in to complain that tall dark shade trees had sprouted up in their fields and lords came also to lament that their orchards were being invaded by wild fruit trees with snowy white blossoms .
they eat the trees red fruit and make crowns of its snowy white blossoms .
fists from both races were jutting up like spring flowers .
the flowers died , grass died , trees died .
someone knelt at sandrena 's side and gently lifted her head , bringing with her a wash of fragrance , of flowers and honey and sex and sunlight , that drowned out all other sensation .
arm in arm , they moved out of the throne room and down a small corridor to a pair of gilded double doors , which opened to reveal sunlight on a large garden filled with fruits and flowers .
bright songbirds flittered in and out of her vision , while hummingbirds hovered nearby , their tiny beaks inside their chosen blossom .
they were yellow with pink flowers embroidered on them .
always brings me flowers or butterscotch fudge when he comes home , to thank me for the mail .
he stood back , looking at the flowers with a bit of embarrassment .
his mentor shifted melodies without the slightest pause , a strident tone with urgency a little dangerous he did not know the ballad ; he could not sing the words ; his mentor winked and then began amid the eerie chords : the land that i was walking through was lush with greenery ; it surrounded me with pleasantness and lovely scenery ; the trees were set in careful groves with glens at every turn ; the flowers were like beauty froze within the misty morn .
a wreath of purple flowers , like those gracing the clearing from which i d come , crowned her hair .
it was covered in twisting greyish - brown vines , its blossoms long dead for the winter .
i tried to find different trees , shrubs , flowers and wildlife .
the ceiling was lined with all different types of plants and flowers hanging from strings .
she was carrying a basket filled with different flowers and herbs .
a taloned claw grasped her shoulder and ivy found in a warm meadow filled with flowers and stars that she 'd never seen before .
her shirt was a huge flowery one , reminiscent of a hawaiian shirt with large flowers and bright colors .
morfran watch as she stooped to collect the white flower and root of the althaea that grew profusely near the rivers bank .
she came across the tiny star shaped flower that bloomed only at night in a nearby field .
she gave him the small purple flowers to eat and they eased his pain .
scattered bushes were thick and vibrant , producing flowers of amazing colors .
it was generously dotted with talking trees of limited intellect and ample shade , as well as candy shrubs and enormous flowers with emotion - inducing fragrances .
on each section were protruding smaller branches with naturally - shaped holders , in which large sculpted flower heads would universally fit .
he had crafted some new pieces , beautifully carved with intricate designs of birds and flowers , and these were carefully placed next to the plainer , more utilitarian pieces already in the cart .
a circlet of flowers sat on her brow .
as keira walked into the front room , anna thrust a wooden cross into her hands , a small posy of flowers tied with a ribbon resting on top .
as the carriage returned to eldor castle , elzik noticed how the former luster of the flowers and fruit trees appeared lack luster ; almost lifeless as if their energy had been sucked out of them .
he searched the vibrant meadow , a careless world with bright flowers swaying and leaves touching each other like thoughtful lovers .
onozawa followed the pond while watching rumiko smell the flowers , oblivious to all but her apparent task .
onozawa staggered among the flowers with the bleeding arrow - wound in his leg and disturbed white butterflies that lifted into the air .
the land around the palace was landscaped with beautiful flowers and carpet grass demarcated by walkways and the air around was filled with the sweet scent of the exotic flowers .
the land around the palace was landscaped with beautiful flowers and carpet grass demarcated by walkways and the air around was filled with the sweet scent of the exotic flowers .
as it came nearer , she saw that it was a tiny winged girl wearing a dress of pink flower petals .
they all saw it at the same time , a blossom of warmth after all the cold , echoing , nothingness .
shawna did nt have time to take in the ethereal beauty of the realm : ice - like trees surrounded by ever - swirling eddies of snow , spring grasses and flowers repeatedly blooming and dying , all seasons were happening all at once in this utopian perfection .
that proves you were right in doing what you did , mira said , stepping over a patch of pink flowers .
when lula flew up to give her a bracelet of iridescent imp blossoms that were enchanted to never wilt or fall apart , shawna did nt avert her eyes or hang her head .
she and lula followed a winding path through tall green grasses and yellow flowers for longer than she expected .
long green - stemmed grasses tickled their legs , while wild flowers flounced their petals and climbed up gnarled tree trunks .
the sun was just beginning to set , and hundreds of orange - pink blossoms were uncurling their petals , when the path began to rise steeply towards the clouds .
the contrast of the green lichen and bright orange flowers bathed in sunset took shawnas breath away .
the flowers towered over her head on long , green stalks , and their flat , wide leaves slid softly across her face as she pushed forward .
breathless , elen dropped into place next to neste , handing her a white flower .
neste took the white flower with a smile .
she held out a stem with a delicate white flower .
neste reached up and traced the flower along aers stone leg .
she handed the white flower over with a dramatic flourish .
elen 's life never seemed anything but wonderful neste twirled the flower stem and tried to summon a smile .
she focused on the cheerful white garlic flowers in the pewter tankard on her clothes chest and wondered if elen knew of the accident yet .
not long after , neste awoke from drowsy contemplation of the flowers .
neste took a deep breath and tried to focus on the flowers , which seemed to be drooping .
another white flower had been tucked into the small bouquet .
descriptions of the flowers , their medicinal uses , and even legends about them surrounded the pictures .
neste also loved flowers , and had given one to elen .
a white garlic flower .
only then did neste notice her pewter tankard , emptied of its flowers .
if you want proper flowers , ill cut and arrange some those were mine , neste howled .
the leaves of the garlic flower were spotted with yellow , the flowers smaller than usual .
the leaves of the garlic flower were spotted with yellow , the flowers smaller than usual .
the proposal blossoms in my minds eye like a cosmological sculpture of suicide hewn out of the bleak fabric of the universe as great crashing black waves of futility smash against me .
only the whites of her eyes and the pink of her lips , which bloomed like a cherry blossom against the chartreuse glow , remained unaffected .
there were beautifully detailed blue , white , red , and gold tiles inlaid into the mahogany benches , and there were fresh cut flowers in vases around the room .
you only try flowers with marcia when she has been sick or she has demanded them , henrietta pointed out .
when she was very small he used to bring her flowers from the meadows , and shed accept them with grave solemnity , as though he was a suitor declaring his love .
they were oblivious to the watcherwho leaned forward in anticipation as they silently circledthey saw only each other , one almost indistinguishable but for the small flower each man had pinned to his leather tunic above their heart : one blue , one white .
the scent of flowers and grass filled his nostrils and the songs from the birds soothed his pain .
tempering her breathing , she forced a smile and admired the flowers .
drapes covered the crude walls , and tall vases filled with flowers were dotted around the room , platters of meat and vegetables covering the tables that were carried into the space .
danven watched his girls surrounding chaeli like bees on a flower .
some were too strong , causing her to cough and hastily replace the stoppers , but one reminded her of cherry blossom and the honeysuckle roses her mother grew ; this she worked through her hair , savouring the smell .
down by the pool , tall water plants raised spears to the sky , amongst which flowers flared like bright butterflies .
at the top was a structure of metal , overgrown with the winding tendrils of a vine dotted with tiny white flowers .
he gestured at an ornate tracery of metal halfway up , where knots of metal flowers graced the rods .
casim bent to pick up a silver pin with a knot of flowers , now stained scarlet .
there amid the smoke and furs and dimness of the skral hall , he spoke of the trees , the flowers , the delicate tracery of glass panes and the song of the fountain .
he spoke of the tiny humming birds , like little living jewels , dipping into the great scarlet flowers which hovered amongst the lush greenery .
as the autumn progressed , the flowers were fewer , but the graceful tassels of the grasses brought a little of the outside world into the hall .
it took some years but when i left , the gardens were lush and green , scented with many exotic flowers .
she sat cross - legged on the floor of the workshop and began to decorate the hopper , adding a border of tiny scarlet flowers growing from winding vines , and then touched the centre of each flower with gold .
she sat cross - legged on the floor of the workshop and began to decorate the hopper , adding a border of tiny scarlet flowers growing from winding vines , and then touched the centre of each flower with gold .
all he knew was a few months of flowers and sunshine , and then he went to sleep and never woke up .
maran sang of the beauty of growth , of trees covered with flowers and fruit , and of forgiveness and peace , beautiful peace .
the first flower opened on the plain , and with it came hope .
we miss them , aye , and we never will stop missing them or turning to say something to them or wishing we could share the sunset or the scent of a flower or the taste of food with them ; but though it stings now , the sting fades to poignancy .
he held out his hand to a hummingbird as it became interested in the flowers nearest to him and watched it taste his fingers experimentally .
he cupped the closed blossom gently in his fingers and lifted it like one lifts the chin of a child or a lover to look into their eyes .
by ingesting parts of the flower or the honey made from its pollen , the living mages gained vitality , longevity , and increased magical energy , useful in mastering spells and bringing a gift to resonance or ambience .
~ the lily garden was lush and full of vivid red blossoms when ashwin began his stroll through it that evening .
as darkness settled , the flowers were closing in on themselves .
of course , what they had brought with them had been prepared with the unique flowers grown at the seminary , edible to mages .
the glowing heat from a tangle of white flowers above him kept him warm .
he knew many others were sleeping beneath the flowers , or watching with tired eyes over the plains below .
the white flowers had turned red and let off such heat that he could nt bear to sit underneath .
there was no glow of white flowers .
between the trees , clusters of glowing flowers illuminated the village ahead in yellow , green and white .
inside , a glowing white flower was potted and sat in the corner .
nova covered the glowing flower with a sheet and the tent became dimly lit .
the light from the flower flooded back over the beast until it was again hidden behind the darkness .
the stage was well lit from countless white and yellow light flowers that wrapped themselves around the overarching mesh of branches .
he was under a clump of light flowers with red flickering bugs burning around them .
king so - vah and the 13s passed under a cluster of light flowers , and one by one they disappeared into the moving shadows of the forest .
his puffy chest almost glimmered under the host of light flowers over the stage .
all at once they lifted off their branches and circled just below the countless light flowers .
the leaves were red and woven into shapes of closed flowers .
a rare cluster of light flowers bloomed overhead .
inside the loft was warm as a few light flowers strung across the ceiling heated the room in a dim light .
it was filled with purple flowers that smelled like marijuana .
they barely are aware of their existence and operate instinctively like a honey bee constantly seeking nourishment from flowers .
there were mountains and valleys with meadows , flowers , and fruit tress everywhere i could see .
she closed her eyes and small white flowers spouted up from the grass all around us .
turning his attention back to the task at hand , he made a show of cutting the last vines as the boughs relaxed and opened up like a desert flower , spreading to show the ancient bear within .
on her gown , a thick golden strip , littered with glossy flower designs , ran from her chest to her feet .
the smell of late spring flowers soared over the earthy tang of tilled soil .
the flowers had not yet bloomed , but they were beautiful all the same .
i have stumbled upon a wonderful part of me that is beginning to unfold and blossom .
you are a young blossom , having seen the first light of day .
where are the flowers and wine and song ?
he helped me up , and we walked away from the past , seeing it fade away , and our world dropped beneath us and for several moments we floated through the land of the fey crossing the tops of flowers , being so small , and yet when we arrived where he wanted me to be the world had changed yet again .
he spun around in front of me pointing at the trees , flowers and up at the full moon .
the trees pulled back , flowers shriveled up and his eyes looked crazed and encircled with fire .
at that the child i had saved from winter turned the hue of cherry blossoms .
her eyes lingered on the patterned bixi where plum blossoms flowered .
the flowers and fruits were so prone to bursting into flames that his servants did not dare approach them , for their garments caught easily and my husband disdained slovenliness .
a few workers in another unit work on preparing the artificial flowers .
she smells like flowers , oddly like the ones from which my mother creates perfume in our family shop back in latvia .
unlike their neighbors , however , the carpenters had a lush garden , full of orange , purple , and yellow flowers , a mesquite tree , and a few cacti and succulents .
ben had stormed out like he always does when he beats her , and then he returned this afternoon with a box of chocolate , flowers and an i m sorry card- like he always does after he beats the crap out of our mother .
it is like a flower .
oh , how bitter it was to pray for the parched and cracked land , where even thistles and weeds struggled to grow , for the prayers brought to mind better times , greener fields and the scent of blossoms .
bright yellow flowers surrounded the clearing , but stopped suddenly some distance away , leaving a wide clear space around the vile symbol .
imagine a field of pink flowers ; a blink of time , and it becomes the rosy tongue of a young boy , stuck out in playful defiance ; a shimmer of time , and , diving into the darkness of the boys throat , there emerges a watery star that hovers in black emptiness , and somewhere on it in another wink of time lies the corpse of a beast which , even as it decomposes , turns into a sea made not of water but of wood , great still sharp crests of wooden waves , tree rings in a widening pool as made by a cast pebble , the fine grain of oak , intricate like the white lace of oceanic foam .
however , despite the gloom of their lives , miners held farmers in extreme contempt , calling them names like rose trimmers or chicken fondlers , which implied at the same time that their work was nt manly enough and that they lay with their animals , which accounted for their womens legendary promiscuity and the shamefully few children they bore though of course , even when she was a little girl , it was obvious to yenka that miners bred like rabbits because so many of their offspring were killed , and that life amidst meek beasts , fragrant flowers and an abundancy of good food ( since farmers kept their prime eggs , meat and produce for the castle , leaving the wives and daughters of miners to root through carts of half - rotten vegetables and barely edible meat ) would exceed her best and most tantalizing dreams .
and then one blissful dreamlike day the farmer reciprocated the feelings that fluttered so madly in her heart , by kneeling in front of her , holding out a magnificent yellow flower that looked like a black moon set on fire , and saying that never in his life had he set eyes on such a beauteous maiden , and that she shone in the murk like a pearl .
others believed that he continued to rove across feerien righting wrongs and bringing life where only death reigned , his immortality making the barren soil blossom with flowers and the dry rock bleed water and even , some said , raising the dead as though from sleep .
others believed that he continued to rove across feerien righting wrongs and bringing life where only death reigned , his immortality making the barren soil blossom with flowers and the dry rock bleed water and even , some said , raising the dead as though from sleep .
thinking about these things had taken yonfis mind off the butterfly , and by the time he remembered it and looked around , trying to spot it , all he could see were the purple flowers at the top of the thistles and the thickets of dried grass that reached as high as his head .
the top of it looked like a huge flower , its long thick petals made of wood and its stem connected through a complex combination of ropes and chains to a cylinder ; the wondrous contraption also had a pair of long leather wings hanging limply to the ground , a fish - like tail , and a seat attached to a long vertical stick and wooden treadles .
the prince lay atop his marble tomb for the mourners to pay their respects ; he was covered with a gold - embroidered shourd and surrounded by a sea of wilting , pungent flowers .
and now this magnificent creature , small and dainty as a blossom , stood with her back against his knee , hanging on the slanting wooden beam for dear life , and there was nothing wixelor would like more than have her sit on his knee , and then slowly slide into his lap , while he bent over to bury his face in the smooth , silken nest of her lily - scented hair .
and as it had been in her nature to keep this aperture protected from intrusion ( her whole body recoiling at the thought of it being penetrated , closing in on itself like a budding flower in reverse ) , so had gallans fleshy protuberance sought , despite the fear of their makers finding out , the release of being rubbed and squeezed , moistened and caressed .
in the days and weeks that followed the magic tree , its constantly budding flowers seized by the breeze and carried off across the dead fields , became the first in a spectacular orchard , while the fruit of the soil spread as quickly as the verdant carpet above them .
they set off around noon , after waking to the much - needed warmth of the fire iabi had built early on , made even more delightful to the senses by the fragrance of a hot beverage he was brewing : a thick , spicy , richly - scented drink made from a flowers dried tuber .
they sat on a blanket in a green field , surrounded by wild flowers .
there were bookshelves full of brick - a - brack , papers piled on tables , throw rugs on top of carpeting , a crowded mantle over the fireplace , vases full of dried flowers , folk - sy , country art on the walls , and seemingly endless frilly pillows on the over - stuffed , flower print sofa .
below them was an army of mixed and lively flowers : tiny yellow lilies with pealing petals revealing deep blue sepals within ; red cluster - bush rising high above the rest like pointed roofs of far - reaching towers ; and a sea of sharp - stemmed calmstars , blue as the deeps of the ocean , lying low in the fading sunlight .
it appeared he was , for she continued : on the passing of a new summer , each ferian youthling plants new flowers and bushes and trees , and so the flora grow as we age , and so the fauna come to know and love us deeply over time .
if you look closely , the ferian said , pointing to a bunch of tiny crushed flowers hidden amidst the grass , you will see that the land is alive here where naught should grow so fair .
here is srithel , which man might call starfire , and she picked a strange many - petalled flower , yellow in the centre , with a wiry red weed that grew in tufts upon its stem .
she held a thin blue flower with a large stem and a long , slender bell - shaped crown , drooping with the weight .
her hair was tied back , and there was a black flower , a nahilar , within it ; the flower was like a black claw , for its petals bent inwards like fingers .
her hair was tied back , and there was a black flower , a nahilar , within it ; the flower was like a black claw , for its petals bent inwards like fingers .
that is why we have gone into hibernation , awaiting an age when the earth can be free again , with the flowers billowing in a gentle breeze , and the animals frolicking to and fro oer green fields that span all that the eye can see , even eyes of coal and stone .
she wore her amber hair in two braids , tied with twine and decorated with plastic flowers .
he breathed in and smelled the fresh scent of cherry blossoms as he stared into her beautiful eyes .
she asked in a lighter tone , taking the flowers from him .
cherry blossoms , she said .
hi , and thank you , she replied , taking the flowers and smelling them .
her hips were wide and round , and the bodice of her lavender gingham dress with tiny flowers reflected an ample bosom , like one might expect on a traditional grandmother .
` ` these flowers are indigenous to a planet i ca n't pronounce .
the flowers were about five to ten inches tall , and each one had thick , multicolored petals with multiple shades of yellow , orange , green , violet .
the shorter boy ran in among the rainbow flowers , grabbed his ball , and threw to me .
but without looking over , he followed the rest to an opening under a cluster of light flowers .
they reached out over the clearing with a few light flowers dangling from the boughs .
as the king thudded the staff on the ground , the glow from the flowers shone brighter than before .
in the middle , the light from the kings staff faded around the glowing white flowers dotting the treetops .
it was bare except for a mangled light flower wrapped above and few pelts on the ground .
the light flower gave off a glow that was cold and dim .
past the dim light flower above , moving shadows of branches reached over his tent and overlapped in shades of grey .
the long thin leaves were tied together in the shape of closed flowers .
in their branches fluttered countless birds and light flowers that framed the puffed figure of avel .
avel was dressed in a cloak with obsidian ornaments reflecting the light of the flowers .
he wished he was up in a tree again , sitting comfortably under the warm glow of a light flower .
it was almost completely dark with a few light flowers scattered within .
it looks better in here already , these are really pretty , she says , stroking the tiny embroidered flowers .
and the air of these lands were refreshing and sweet to breathethe scent of the transparent blue ashur flower heavy on the winds like a seductive dream .
it smelt sweet like fresh spring flowers .
beautiful , sharp - cheeked faces were partly concealed behind tall , lofty helmets with visors that resembled vines woven through each other , and plumes of ashur flowers sprouted from topknots .
a blossoming flower , whose pedals , anther and stigma were individual glaives .
the general 's seat was at the opposite end of the table to oreus ' , whose chair had a higher back of white wood , which swirled and twirled in organic shapes , reaching up to a blossom of ashur flowers three feet above his head .
the general 's seat was at the opposite end of the table to oreus ' , whose chair had a higher back of white wood , which swirled and twirled in organic shapes , reaching up to a blossom of ashur flowers three feet above his head .
made of grape , wild berries and the ashur flower .
his eyes flit up to the bloom of flowers above oreus ' head .
layla 's enticing scent , which overpowered the gloam 's , filled his nostrilsit was a soft , sweet , spicy atlantean perfume known as ashur'sah , which was made from the deep blue ashur flower he had heard mathias speak of .
the sound of other fairies dancing and singing on neighboring flowers filled her ears .
as she handed it to him , he saw that there were dried green and purple flowers upon it .
life sprang , trees and flowers , vines and bushes , they were everywhere .
` ` you mean little people made of flower petals with the vine clothes ? ''
the flowers hung , weak and brown on the vine .
but as the ogier sang , the sad brown flowers rejuvenated , filling with a rich purple .
giant poincianas towered over it , branches heaving with bright orange blossoms .
one had flowers and cards on it and the other was adorned with more cards and a large but old looking brown teddy bear .
with talking plants , flowers in every colour you could imagine as well as a little farm of animals .
near to the house was a small garden of tall flowers , like sunflowers nodding in the gentle breeze .
the flower turned slowly , its head passing along all of them .
today they were arguing about which path to take to get to the clycinth flowers that their master used to make his famously tasty palopud pudding .
the other flowers burst into petals too , every conceivable colour available .
a huge silver vase of orange flowers was at the base of the vast staircase and the deep purple carpet that led up the centre and then forked off to the smaller staircases left and right practically glowed .
the room was adorned with flowers and the musk of blossom .
the room was adorned with flowers and the musk of blossom .
just one little blue flower on its own , maybe fifteen , twenty spans up a steep incline to a short plateau .
as she followed the sound to what she thought was a small waterfall there appeared a little wooden shelter , buried snugly within an array of red , swirling flowers .
the small pool at the bottom of the waterfall was surrounded by leafless bushes of the little blue flowers she and adri had seen out on mount sallv .
but that flower grows on the tips of mountains and only in mythology .
murray was laid with only the thinnest of decorations - there had nt been live flowers in matara for a long time so yesmi had produced some decorative , but unfortunately bland , ones .
midnight had flowers braided into his mane and tail along with a garland of herbs and vines around his neck .
the next day they crossed a stream and by nightfall they reached the edge of the forest and entered a large field of flowers .
i always wondered why you gave me a quiver of arrows when other men brought me flowers or fabric .
the only sight of color being the large bouquet of bright flowers in a glass vase of cream and blue that sat on the shelving below the television .
at one point , tatiana took in the beauty of the flowers before her , only to notice that one flower was out of place .
this one had been placed within a small vase of flowers upon the vanity .
the naples zoo was built about the carribean gardens , which were bounding of botanical collections , an array of tropical plants and flowers .
every tree , flower , shrub , and stone , bringing with it powers of heal and restore , love and light .
her ensemble was one of many fine layers , sprawled out to look like the petals of a blossom .
the flowers that grew across her lands were larger than the norm , and they shone the most vibrant of colors .
and then a spark of rainbow sand burst from beneath the silver dust and all about the moonstone heart , much like fire flowers of celebration .
she s within a field of snowdrop flowers and daffodils .
there were also flowers in pinks and blues , all floating about the room .
waste reclamation http//goat : zero up the road from me today , i saw the first full blooming tree of the spring , bursting with white flowers .
` ` come with me , '' he said when he wanted to take me to see a nectar bat sucking at a flower or an orb spider glowing in the dark .
his headdress was shaped like a crocodiles head , and from the back of this rose a tiny tree with white flowers .
she liked to put pale blue flowers in her hair and was always pleasant and cheerful .
there were twenty babies dangling , these were their names : k'uk'umpakal , or feathered shield saknik , or white blossom hunk'aak ' , or first fire hunpib , or first sacred oven yaxch'am , or new harvest yaxnaina , or new maize house hunch'ok , or first sprout hunkan , or one serpent chakk'aak ' , or great fire hunitz'at , or first artist yaxpak , or new dawn chactok ' , or red flint hunatlatla , or first spearthrower saksihnik , or white frog flower saktok , or white cloud yaxuncoh , or bird puma k'annik , or precious blossom chakum , or great bird k'aak'chan , or burning sky yaxnaab , or fresh water ` ` please help us ! ''
there were twenty babies dangling , these were their names : k'uk'umpakal , or feathered shield saknik , or white blossom hunk'aak ' , or first fire hunpib , or first sacred oven yaxch'am , or new harvest yaxnaina , or new maize house hunch'ok , or first sprout hunkan , or one serpent chakk'aak ' , or great fire hunitz'at , or first artist yaxpak , or new dawn chactok ' , or red flint hunatlatla , or first spearthrower saksihnik , or white frog flower saktok , or white cloud yaxuncoh , or bird puma k'annik , or precious blossom chakum , or great bird k'aak'chan , or burning sky yaxnaab , or fresh water ` ` please help us ! ''
i took the flowers to my mother , and she put them in water and said , what is this for ?
in those days our ancestors also had no babies , they lived their days finding food and praying and making sacrifices of incense and flowers .
the white flower closes and never opens again .
can you see this womans white flower ?
this tree grows countless white flowers , each one is the soul of a new person , and when these fall into our world a woman becomes pregnant and gives birth to a fresh soul .
and moon sees the white flower in her heart curl up and ascend back to the world tree , it is the end of doe eyes she has witnessed .
sacrifices are given day and night , there are flowers and feathers and animals .
sun was born from the red plumeria flower , ah - puch was born from the black plumeria flower , those petals unfolded in the same heartbeat and released these two gods at the same time .
sun was born from the red plumeria flower , ah - puch was born from the black plumeria flower , those petals unfolded in the same heartbeat and released these two gods at the same time .
she was born three heartbeats after sun and ah - puch , her flower unfolded only moments after theirs .
some people say that this means women are weaker than men , because moon was born after the two male gods , and some say that women are more thoughtful because moon had longer to ponder things in her white plumeria flower , and so women stand aside when hot - blooded men cut each other up .
then pad pad pad he walks out along the branches , searching here and there , until at last he finds that special white flower that is moons alone .
he performed sacrifices of turkeys and copal , honey and white flowers to give more strength to our ancestors in the guardian stones , and he prayed to father sun and mother moon to defend our village .
this was her way , to always look into hollows , to always peek into closed places , to always smell strange flowers and chew on new plants .
all the bright flowers , all the ponds and vines and streams were below her .
the yellow and orange flowers below her seemed to glow , and the last light from father sun seemed to burn in the air .
it is from such flowers that the souls of our ancestors are reborn .
the priest bolon saasil raises his old man 's voice and says : ` ` here we all are , then penitents and sacrificers we who grew from the fruit of the tree today we remember the planter the caretaker of blossoms the pruner of branches and sprouts today we pay our respects we pay our debts before the god , before his father '' he steps back where the people can not see him , and the ahau alone looks down .
to everyone in the plaza they just look like standing people , but to ah - k'awil in his high place the artisan families in their pure cotton are white flowers .
their prayers blew away with the dust of their bones , and all we have are some broken words , remembered by their children : ` ` we see you in the faces of the red people of the east great ah - k'awil we see you in the faces of the white people of the north planter of lineages we see you in the faces of the black people of the west trimmer of branches we see you in the faces of the yellow people of the south bringer of blood thunder we are all born of the flowers of your tree perfect in the beginning '' here are the hunters standing to pray .
the night players arrange their nine balls into a flower , and the festival players put their seven balls into a line , like dancers .
` ` we are the keepers of the tree , '' are the words of the scribes , for it is their place to remember the names of all the branches and flowers , even those which have fallen and were lost .
tiny white flowers grow on the vines , one for each ancestor .
there are more flowers than even the chilam balam can count .
` ` here are your white flower souls , '' are the words of the fishermen .
he looks up to the god in his tree and says , ` ` now we ask you to reveal yourself lord of generations lord of the tree we have honored our mothers , honored our fathers we have honored your father we have honored you take these , our gifts take these , our blessings take this , your new fire , on your strongest day just let the white flowers descend just let the blood flow for this day , for all days , until the end of time . ''
the white flowers will fall .
i thought then of the children who were killed by ah - puchs servants , i remembered the tiny girl yax um with blue flowers in her hair and the boy waxaklahun cutz ' who was pushed onto the broken log - branch and impaled .
for this celebration was a great gathering of foods and flowers , a great making of tables and festival - chairs , many idols were carved for the lords and ladies of time .
the white flower was the sign of her birth , it was the sign of her name , and the world tree with its white flowers was the holy tree on the day she was born .
the white flower was the sign of her birth , it was the sign of her name , and the world tree with its white flowers was the holy tree on the day she was born .
sacnik 's name is the name of the white blossom of life , but it is from the red blossom that we all are born , and this was the blossom that burned in the shrine .
sacnik 's name is the name of the white blossom of life , but it is from the red blossom that we all are born , and this was the blossom that burned in the shrine .
there were many good things to eat , we all feasted well , and tijun joined many other people in tossing white flowers into the river .
all day people made these sacrifices to the river god , endless white flowers and tiny canoes filled with honey to keep safe the souls of their family members who were taken by the river spirits and to secure plentiful crayfish and fishes and turtles for the stewpots .
` ` chac k'awil says , ' fifty tiny white flowers from the world tree are what you name . '
vandor saw kayla as such an interesting one ; for she could be the most delicate girl whom sat among the flowers singing , yet fight him using the sword as well as any boy .
a soft , crisp breeze delivered the scent of fresh flowers , accompanied by calmness among the village .
was it the smell of the flowers or kayla which awakened his senses , he could not tell .
the flowers are marvelous this time of year , she claimed , while still holding the daisy and dagger .
ashvar looked up , as he removed the rose blossom necklace , which had now turned black , from around her neck .
potted plants decorated the road , separating the walkways on either side from the cart path in the center , and the flowers were in full bloom , a mixture of reds , yellows , blues , and purples that were a wonder to anyone wandering here from any other part of the city .
joyce commanded beynor to retrieve some of the white flowers around them , explaining the petals could stop an infection , and then she commanded tarik to remove his shirt as she found a suitable branch nearby to help tie a tourniquet .
beynor returned with a handful of the flowers and gave them to the prophet .
the bright red flowers all along the carved seating a smashing contrast , the exclusive colors in the white and black gowns of the attendees .
the walls are covered in beautiful wooden slats carved with flower and leaf patterns .
lush , long green patches seeding the clearings , small wild flowers sprinkled against drenched thickets .
the flowers are so pretty .
john has been teasing all morning about spring dances , spring in steps and spring blossoms and roland backs him up all the way .
the lights in the ceiling look like tea - candles and highlight each vase with flowers .
love and blossoms and beauty and family and i firmly put the horrors out of my head and choose to enjoy the day .
they will not hurt a mayfly or aught else , but rather delight in all that is pretty and ephemeral : flowers , butterflies , robins eggs , and the like .
there was once a little village where flowers bloomed in spring and the leaves were the most fantastic shades of crimson and gold come autumn ; it was quite a neat and pretty hamlet , the perfect setting for such a story as this .
she suddenly appeared in that grim cave and the scent of the flowers sent the shadow of death flying from its confines .
finally she heard the sound of a mighty water and a great lawn of new grass and bright flowers greeted her as she crested the final hill .
she stood , stared about herself , in even more despair than when she had first discovered the leprosy , but a gentle breeze stirred amongst the flowers and seemed to whisper , peace child .
eym called , her bright blonde curls lifting in the wind like flower petals .
i spotted a purple flower nearby , so i picked it and handed it to ariana .
immediately , more flowers like it magically blossomed , forming a nature - made headband .
the flowers in the fields reflected the planetary light from above back upward , which hung in the air and filled it with indescribable warmth .
the frames were covered in vines , with several illustrious flowers blooming from it .
he then picked up a purple flower from the ground and handed it to me .
upon seeing them , my memories flashed back to when ben gave me that purple flower ... for you milady , he had said .
the warmth of late fall released the purple spice of the lavender blossoms into the air .
there was a chapter about flowers and plants , another about reptiles ( such as geakes snake ) , and another about animals .
but to answer your question he turned suddenly on root who , true to form , was wearing an ugly green dress with massive tangles of flowers and vines on it .
the upper halves of these walls were embellished with a motif of sparkly purple and red flowers , while the ceiling above was painted in an allegory which bespoke of a popular lore of this world , wherein the hero kirtirath , depicted in the form of a lofty powerful figure , was being handed over the greatly coveted madira flower by the gods , after he had won it for the nether world in a game of magical pebbles , defeating vir ras , that celebrated specter of the higher realms , who was portrayed in the fable as a dwarf kneeling in supplication at kirtiraths feet .
the upper halves of these walls were embellished with a motif of sparkly purple and red flowers , while the ceiling above was painted in an allegory which bespoke of a popular lore of this world , wherein the hero kirtirath , depicted in the form of a lofty powerful figure , was being handed over the greatly coveted madira flower by the gods , after he had won it for the nether world in a game of magical pebbles , defeating vir ras , that celebrated specter of the higher realms , who was portrayed in the fable as a dwarf kneeling in supplication at kirtiraths feet .
as a result of kirtiraths triumph , the madira flower , from which the inebriant madrico was extracted , could only be grown in the lands of the nether world from that day onwards , thus making the other two realms , mortal and spiritual , forever dependent upon it for their alcoholic needs .
it was covered in flowers of all sorts .
he rolled the fingers of his spare hand together as though twisting wool to yarn and watched the flower crumple inward .
on other occasions they would throw out their hands and snap their wrists to create an explosion of blossoms from the poor tortured cherry trees .
he had been practicing with his earth element all morning , and she watched as the world blossomed into flowers and withered to ash an hour later .
the ornate door to the queens apartments swung inward , and miranda stepped out , regal in a dark orange gown trimmed in pale gold flowers .
an antique that could have come from some baroque plantation in the south , the headboard was openwork wrought iron , filigreed with individual motifs representing the seasonsspring ivy climbing crumbling columns ; flowers bursting in the primary colors of summer ; muted autumn leaves falling from a skeletal tree ; snowflake lace against obsidian winter night sky .
a growing stench of rotting flowers .
the first trip out shed initiated him to the names of the villages and the names in french of crops and flowers and trees .
candelabrums of white chestnut blossoms illuminate may .
you smell like a banana plantation in flower , she says and goes on breathing in margarets fragrance , which has nothing to do with bananas .
one day before the window helen calls seymours attention to a shrub with bright yellow flowers in a distant public garden .
seymour says that he d never paid attention to flowers or shrubs before he met marie - claude .
at the last moment , with the smell of rotting flowers and that death - mask of his , fear gets the better of longing and she turns her back on the prefect and so on jean with his ring and on the twinkling green trees and runs back into the years of the dark maze , back to the room and her bed where she wakes up and thinks it was a dream .
candelabras of chestnut blossoms light up may .
the dark corridor goes on and on and then turns and she finds herself posthumous , breathing in rotting flowers and dust , facing a familiar white medalled and braided uniform and beneath the peaked cap the frighteningly bloodless emaciated mask of the prefect with a mile of dimly lit corridor behind him and all those doors with crazy numbers .
chapter 26 what the graffiti say one late may day outside ( the chestnut blossoms fading ) in the third circular year of the quest for the tunnel , that grain of sand in all the beaches of the world , louis stares at the graffiti on the wall of their room for maybe an hour .
in the strengthening light of the three flashlights the wall gains in whiteness , an incredible pure white as they d never seen white in this dingy second life , the white of what does nt exist here : snow - drops , plum blossoms , snowy peaks , bridal - gowns , wedding roses , honeymoon clouds .
the chestnut trees outside are bearing candelabrums of white blossoms , so may , when the cleaning girl finally reacts to his patient bonjour , gentille .
he wants to step away but ca nt help approaching the not flower shop with the ornate legend pompes funebres which he does nt understand but does slowly understand what he sees in the window : crosses of all sizes , marble angels , porcelain flowers , bronze wreathes , black marble plaques with names and birth and death dates and short phrases he does nt comprehend except for recurrent topsy - turvy regrets ternels .
she carries over to them the moldy food and chlorinated water they have refused for days and says eat and drink and they eat and drink the delicate fare and cool thirst - quenching liquid and , delivered , fall back into dreams but now of green trees and blue sky and fragrant flowers , a peace beyond the poor power of words .
seymour too falls into a deep slumber and dreams of green trees and blue skies and fragrant flowers .
crepe - paper flowers blossom from a fluted crystal vase .
crepe - paper flowers blossom from a fluted crystal vase .
and something about no flowers .
seymour stands in the path of a uniformed cemetery functionary pushing a cart full of rotting flowers and wreaths .
momma , look , the flowers floating !
bouquet of flowers .
false flowers .
a withered flower from a marriage or a funeral lies on the flagstones .
it showed more signs of age now than its elvish designers , who rode across it still in the flower of perpetual youth .
the rooftop gardens themselves were immaculately manicured beds crowded with a collage of exotic , vibrantly coloured flowers and tropical succulents .
kahn truly had seen the world grow and blossom before beginning to fester and rot .
the girl ran through the fields of flowers with all the other girls , the children , and the animals .
the owner reaches the stage and scans the flowers .
it was of a one - eyed vulture with the bloody beak , standing over his mother who was clutching a red flower to her dress .
they used to put on shows when jazlyn was little , creating flowers of light in the sky .
these small drops of lightning bright light fired forth and took their places on the giant land mass as well as the smaller islands to cling to their appointed place becoming colorful , mature grasses , trees , flowers and various kinds of shrubbery .
this meant that such a world would include beautiful and colorful trees , flowers and animals where we all lived in a peaceful environment of happiness and learning with the freedom to vote for what we felt was right regarding god 's plan for our eternal progress .
sexual eq appendix d : the power of our youth today : everyones hope for a brighter future chapter 13 : a dangerous mistake with alex behind the wheel as the last several minutes of sunlight cascaded across the tree tops giving their last warm rays of light for the day , meredith stood close to a nearby stream where a variety of flowers in vibrant colors have been beautifully incorporated into the surrounding landscape .
their leader wore a bright yellow tunic with what looked like red flowers painted on it , and a black hat with a wide , curled rim .
but alice could feel that the flower was trembling ever - so - slightly , as much as a plant could reasonably be expected to , at least .
a glass dome rested over the flower and a note was attached to the inner surface of the dome , with hand written words upon it , but she could nt read the note from her distance .
while it was doing so , and alice was busy treading in place , she took the time to read the note on the inside of the ( apparently waterproof ) glass dome over the flower .
the thought blossoms in my mind , growing from some energy i ca n't recognize .
the vines were covered with small silver leaves and many colored flowers , similar to earths weeping willow .
the ground was covered with hundreds of different colored wild flowers bunched together .
amatola cut several vines from a tree further in the forest , removing all leaves and flowers .
moving upward , on both sides of the vine , were all the wondrous flowers of the forest .
amatola took kahira with her , teaching kahira all about herbs and flowers , especially the poisonous ones .
she loved the pine smell with the scent of all of the forest flowers .
tanka could graze on the grasses and flowers .
the flowers on its head grew in the shape of a tiara but instead of metal , it was made from flowers like small cherry blossoms , rose colors blending into whites .
the flowers on its head grew in the shape of a tiara but instead of metal , it was made from flowers like small cherry blossoms , rose colors blending into whites .
the flowers on its head grew in the shape of a tiara but instead of metal , it was made from flowers like small cherry blossoms , rose colors blending into whites .
the meal was amazingly arranged , salad - like but full of flower petals from all the different forest flowers .
the meal was amazingly arranged , salad - like but full of flower petals from all the different forest flowers .
leaves , flowers , vines swayed in the breeze with the dance .
animals , mammals , sea life , trees , bushes , flowers , lakes , ponds , streams , rivers , vines , forests , caves , plains , deserts , oceans ; they wildly covered the bottom half of her luscious body .
blossoms in the spring , lemons in the summer , falling leaves in the autumn , cold snow and dark light in the winter .
every few days , someone left flowers , toys , and inflatable figures to match the season .
my dad died , too , i said , and i do nt recall getting a single sympathy flower from him .
smoke from you is going to smell like a burning virgins cleft flower !
they had put one anothers hair into norse braids and further decorated their tresses with sweet smelling spring flowers .
asked nathair examining some strange flower hanging from a basket in mid air .
make the flowers grow faster ?
the pair looked around and to their surprise , the winter glade had become transformed by a profusion of spring flowers , which were definitely not there before .
there in the glade were hundreds of spring flowers .
there were also flowering trees putting out their blossoms and the scent of spring was in the air , but even so , asphodel found the atmosphere oppressing , so after a while she went back to her little cell .
there was a hint of blossom on some of the trees , and the sun was at last getting some strength .
catkins were growing on some of the trees and bushes , and there were occasional clumps of early spring flowers like snowdrops and celandines .
he kept exclaiming at all kind of things , from a shy squirrel that they disturbed to the newly growing flowers .
trees were showing the first pale blush of green and there were spring flowers blooming .
there were small woods down here nearer the lake , interspersed with meadows , which now had flowers blooming .
as they emerged from one of the little woods they saw spread out before them a meadow of wild flowers , much as others they had passed through .
the feeling of menace here was stronger than ever , and standing before them amongst the flowers , looking somewhat out of place in the meadow , were twelve warriors , swords drawn and ready to do battle .
it was looking at a butterfly on a flower .
at first they passed through lands with broom and gorse , all in flower , and the blue harebells were blooming at their feet .
there were hazels in their fresh green leaves , elder with their creamy white blossom and bluebells carpeting the ground beneath the trees .
the early summer flowers were in bloom and butterflies flitted between them .
there were paths passing among flowerbeds with a multitude of coloured flowers blooming in them , and there were some bushes cut into the shapes of animals and birds .
at least one was , the other was holding the flowers and passing them as required .
the girl holding the flowers was obviously a servant of some kind .
she was intent on arranging the flowers just so and she had an expression of deep concentration on her face .
the fireplace on the wall opposite the smaller window had a magnificent array of flowers .
her golden hair was caught up in a spray of silver flowers and then flowed round her shoulders .
she was wearing a gold dress with similar gloves and golden flowers in her hair .
the four climbed into the carriage , which was being pulled by four horses , two greys and two golden palominos , to continue the gold and silver theme , and the carriage itself was decked with more gold and silver flowers .
each day she wandered around the village of the dead , plucking wild flowers that grew there and making tiny nosegays for the children .
she paid visits to madame s. , did chores for monsieur c , and delivered flowers to monsieur t , the young miss n. , and the old mrs . b .
she laughed and together they spent the day playing , singing , telling tales , and making deliveries of flowers to the sundry houses .
monsieur c plucked half his crop of wild flowers to make a tiny arbor , having woven them through the rusted wrought - iron canopy of mrs . bs cottage , who , having the grandest and most attractive canopy in the village had offered it to the children .
down upon the ground was a thick carpet of grass , green and lush and spotted with tiny white flowers .
it was there , beyond the village , that they found the round pond with the island , which gave the pond the look of the moon in its waning light upon the waters , sprinkled with citrus blossoms like so many stars fallen from the trees above .
she crossed the forest of ancient oaks and emerald green lawns dotted with flowers of every shape and color , yellow daffodils , red poppies , snowdrops , wild violets , cornflowers .
mainly flowers , some jewellery , even fruit .
is n't that like a red flower .
i believe it is a red flower that blooms many petals in a star shape .
i thought amaranth flowers were round and bulky .
below there was a field of red flowers swaying with the wind .
like stairs , he stepped on one stone at a time until he reached the field of red flowers .
the scent of the red flowers gave him energy .
the red flowers that never died or dry up without water .
for the first time , he had seen an amaranth of light skin like cherry blossom leaves .
his father vinx , the chief , was always rough and cold , but his mother was the sun and the scent of the amaranth flowers .
they spoke of the field of red flowers and the food she used to make him .
his mother 's name is blossom .
it was safe for blossom to stay longer .
great pyramus , blossom gasped .
large red and purple flowers with long pedals .
the chief sat on a wood and vine throne covered with red amaranth flowers .
next to the chief sat auron 's mother , blossom .
in the center of the flower was a happy face .
that is the difference between a trick , he said , producing a bouquet of flowers from behind his back , and the arcane arts themselves .
all at once , flowers bloomed upon the hedges .
for when he travelled , he learned about map and came to know that the stars changed over time , as did the trees and grass and flowers , and with these once baffling changes so has his mind grown , transformedbecome what his kin call big .
the land about was dead , the air like a twig snapping against your cheeks , no trees , no flowers , a bit of grass ... very tiny clumps under masses of white spider - web .
he and shebodies painted with pigments of the earth ... red , black , deep browns ... bodies painted and festooned with flowers ... luridly and seductively with ever so much enticing skill moving hips and winged fingers , calling him to come to her , black raven who he was and dive into her nest , there to flutter with her in rutting dancewings flapping ... all became creatures of the airflying away and about and up , tricking each other , slipping into coy retreat , into come - hither glances ... feathers all about his body , a flush of the meadow crowning her dawn - brown hair ... like the animals they so loved and feared , they spoke in breaths of grunt and gasp and over - heated huffing , tearing into each other ... ripping off feathers , violently casting away flowers , becoming what only gen can become each to the otherdivers inside , plunging into each other ... from eye - fall plummeting into cave dark , plunging into rib - cage shattering clutch and cling and thunder of bones on the dusty groundso had frak become big as darlm become big .
more , a treasure land where gold was as abundant as flowers and precious gems like apples for the picking .
it is ringed about with flowers and bright feathers ... other objects of valuegold and coal and smooth , wondrously colored stones .
brok draws her to the altar ... drapes great riches around hernecklaces of pearl , bracelets of gold , earrings of boiling red garnet ... robes her in a flowing silk brocaded with the flowers of spring , all festive , happy , joyous colors ... he offers her a small cup , pure and smooth without inscription or adornment ... she sips the gom ... lays her down upon the altar ... gently spreads aside her robes and inner garments just enough so that he can slip inside her legs ... lays upon herruts and heavesbut draws himself out short of ejaculation , draws himself out and kneels up , then holds himself ever so momentarily as his sperm arcs and splotches upon her belly .
her heartfitfully beatinglies upon the altaramidst festive blossoms and sparkling jewels .
the queerness of the concept of a mapof capturing the movement of the stars , the changes in land formations , and discerning how the winds blow , then sketching on a finely scraped hide and creating a fixed memory of things that were once totally beyond fraks control or even imagination , all this pries opens fraks mind like a fragrant flower unfurling for the first time in springah , the innocence of bees and wind and morning dew !
early one day they wake to find the door to fraks room artfully decked with bright ribbons , a fist of flowers , and the oddest of things , a something which made them all gape but come up short as to words of descriptiononly brok knows it as the dried penis of the large deep monstera fully erect , stuffed and nailed above his doorway monsters penis brok chuckles within , since this is his family treasure , one that he has kept in his room and shared with no one except frak .
it was just one moment in eternal rapture and the next waking amidst a nest of pillows and shawls and flower scents and the soft murmur of those ambling about .
down the aisle she comes , arm in arm with her mother : mother in black , blackest of blackhanding her over to frak : father of all luminescence , not as to color but as to aura , what comes out forth from within him : brightnessa headdress cornered holding four blazing candles , a background altar festooned with ivory flowers and deeper arrays : rows and columns of flickering , fluttering candles , cascading waves of blood - tongues : all the most chaste of virgin wax : the room is thundering immaculatenessmomentarily , but not significantly , marred only by her presence : darlmsso she leaves , withdraws , slips : lets go of her daughters hand as if melting away , herself submerging , drowning for the third time down and under the water ... she is outside the roombeyond .
chapter eleven the banquet hall was decorated with flowers and coconut leave in the traditional way .
so naturally the beetle was very happy and grateful , he held the flower tightly not willing to let anyone else not even the bee , come near or touch it .
she entered , and observed the decorations , it had flowers on every table , and the bed itself was decorated with rose petals and jasmine .
` ` the only time i ' ve ever seen people lying on top of flower petals , was before they were put to rest in the ground .
she received a bouquet of flowers from one of the stage assistant and handed it to the top designer kissing him on both cheeks .
shed picked the days apparel , a flowing floor - length dress with pink flowers and curling green leaves .
it cupped its hands together , then spread them apart to reveal a small flower with petals shaped like my face .
visions of flowers in full bloom began to decay before their eyes .
it all smelled like her , a mix of flowers and rain , and the woods .
lina lay , surrounded by millions of fragrant flowers .
it was filled with the clearest water and floating lotus flowers .
she wondered why with so many delicious nectar filled flowers , there were nt any bugs .
they sat together on a granite bench amid the lush trees and flowers .
you would nt think that demons cared about where they slept , but this one had a nice stone shrine decorated with flowers , bonsai , murals , and everything .
the outer great stone stairway was resplendent with fires , flowers and fountains ; over a hundred people milled about , picking fruits and finger - food off tables ; smartly dressed prefects handed out moss - green ceremonial robes gregory received and put on his own .
a sphere of mana blossoms into his ; it is warm , light and vulnerable .
an innocent looking circle of bright yellow light blossoms into the air in front of the headmistress .
and she did look nice : she wore a pale pink kimono across which cherry blossoms slowly bloomed .
blood red flowers soared out from below - no , fronds , gregory realised .
that the reflectives just stood there looking around sweetly at the flowers , and hundreds of helikans just decided to drop dead ?
they were led out of the grand odeum , down a pathway of hedges , which was lit up by hundreds of softly glowing flowers , until they came upon a great and golden tent the magus ball .
he stood in a vast valley between gigantic mountains ; blue and golden flowers carpeted the land as far as his eye could see and far away , he made out the distant silhouette of a gigantic tree ; its soaring and great canopy wreathed in clouds .
it was just like the watercolor prophecy his brother mavik had painted the day before , of the crimson flower forming on her lily - white dress- wayden 's world was his mother .
as they passed between the trunks of the beobabs , however , they were struck by the astringent reek of pari blossoms , for they were entering a park frequented by fashionable addicts .
their parents may not actually be dead , but they are not much use to their children if they are addicted to smoke , or pari blossoms , or something like that .
the air was warm , and fragrant with flowers .
the great world , with all its bright stars and dark gulfs , atoms and planets , beasts and birds and flowers , the world with its endless reach and variety , joy and sorrow , war and peace , love and hate , life and death , clarity and illusion , turned inside out , without changing at all , and realized that it was no different from the orphaned girl sobbing in the arms of kor .
after inhaling deeply the fragrance of several blossoms , the pari user feels that there is an infinite importance to dressing , speaking , and in every way living and acting according to the latest fashion .
they became bright with fresh paint , and covered with trellises , which were covered in turn with luxuriant flowers .
in the spring , if there was no wind , i would jump up and down on a branch , to make the blossoms ring .
it was in fact a little park in itself , with fragrant grass , flowers , birds , butterflies , and a fish pond .
streams of sparks appeared , like wisteria blossoms .
if you want a second opinion , get father rasil from the happy family church , over on rose blossom lane .
sometimes she leapt into the air , sometimes she lay down and rolled in the fragrant flowers .
said kshaloka , opening a few more blossoms .
help me to live in perpetual dawn , in perpetual youth , in perpetual blossom .
sister cherry blossom here will sing a song that sometimes helps with such things .
he wondered for a moment if he could bring sister cherry blossom into his own employ ; then he remembered that he was no longer in a position to employ anyone .
sister cherry blossom is holding a magnifying glass for me so that i can see the small stuff .
but finally it was over , and sister cherry blossom sang her song again , and , with a little help from magic , scratch fell asleep .
a flock of tiny golden birds were making their way , like sparks , through the flowers .
what happened to bronze dragon claw and sister cherry blossom ?
he called for sister cherry blossom to help him , but she did nt come .
the little souls fluttered as they fell , like delicate blossoms from a tree .
in a quiet , almost conspiratorial voice , she said , i have a message for you , from sister cherry blossom .
sister cherry blossom !
they both wore flowing white robes , and each had a garland of flowers resting on his or her white hair ; her garland red , his black .
the air was cool , and full of the fragrance of flowers .
may the love of ydris , blessed be her name , sweeten your life and make your soul to blossom .
a flower is just as beautiful to a poor person as to a rich one .
its single flower was about the size of a large rose , but very intricate ; it took kor a few minutes to grasp the underlying principle .
the blossom appeared to form a hollow lobe of an intricate shape .
after kor had had enough of music and dance , they proceeded to an indoor garden , full of exotic and fragrant flowers .
irgowond had decorated it with bright colors , with flowers , with art objects , with a large glass urn containing water , water plants , and fish , and with many other things .
when the lords forces move to take over kondrastibar , her followers will welcome them with open arms , and garlands of flowers !
as a child , karneritik had often blown dandelion seeds from the mature blossom , watching them swirl and float away .
time sped up in the picture ; kor saw plants sprout and grow in a few breaths time , and she saw trees gain and lose their leaves , and plants their flowers , several times .
how vividly he could remember the interlacing branches , the lovely fragrance of the leaves , the tinkling of its flowers , and the endless variety of their fantasies !
then they drove at a brisk pace through the emerald lawns , shady groves , colorful flowers , limpid ponds , graceful fountains , and singing brooks of wargold woods , passing several ornate gates that marked private driveways .
its a flower with an extremely complicated shape , yes !
and i had a feeling i mentioned this to you before , lieutenant that the whole world was like a flower , a blossom , like a rose blossom , slowly opening , unfolding , growing .
and i had a feeling i mentioned this to you before , lieutenant that the whole world was like a flower , a blossom , like a rose blossom , slowly opening , unfolding , growing .
and i had a feeling i mentioned this to you before , lieutenant that the whole world was like a flower , a blossom , like a rose blossom , slowly opening , unfolding , growing .
gradually , things began to fit together better , as if the rocks in a field had spontaneously assembled themselves into a building , or a bunch of floating dandelion seeds had converged to form a flower .
one of them had found some chicory blooming amid the wreckage , and had set up some blossoms in a clump of stones near her bedroll .
so perhaps high civilization can only exist at one point in a cycle , preceded by violence and followed by decadence , just as a flower must be preceded by a bud and followed by rot .
around them was the beautiful university campus that the prisoners had built : functional yet elegant buildings among fields , ponds , gardens , young trees , and flowers .
every house had a spacious lawn , punctuated with flowers and trees .
* * in the lelni neighborhood , whose entire population had become followers of the local girl , people offered no resistance to the forces of the lord of evil ; in fact , they met them with open arms , and garlands of flowers .
a moment later , a vase of flowers stood on the floor before her .
on the underside of each tear , orange , red and pink flowers bloomed .
a sweet smell of flowers and honey grew stronger as he walked up the stairs .
goldenrod yellow , blood red , and fire orange flowers interlaced with ivy covered the surfaces of the fountains .
the pedals formed a long bell shape , similar to a trumpet and were aptly called trumpet flowers .
bees dug deep into the flowers to extract nectar .
a lush flower garden surrounded each statue and filled the air with sweet nectar smells .
the desk was decorated with vases that were white with blue and filled with gold - painted flowers .
its smell was of summer flowers .
bees buzzed about the hives , finding a way in , and then buzzed out to collect nectar from the flowers in the oasis .
bees buzzed around the air , systematically searching for sweet nectar in the vegetable and fruit blossoms .
it was round , firm , bedecked with golden flowers and filigree .
it was n't long before he noticed that the vines began to grow flowers .
eckxio saw the flowers blooming from bulb to lilac pedals .
from the center of the flowers sprouted a tube and it coughed a pollen .
flames behind and ahead more deadly flowers and vines awaited him .
more flowers coughed their pollen .
his head still spinning and the poison of the flowers and thorns began to circulate in his blood .
colorful flowers grew on the ground .
bizarre flowers with zigzagging shapes .
flowers shaped like stars and flowers with dancing tentacles releasing a sweet aroma in the air .
she was wearing a yellow top with flower petals forming a dress .
she held a white flower and wielded it as if it were a staff .
the yellow fairy stared at him and stroked her white flower .
eckxio drank the sweet and sour juice that the star shape flowers produced .
wonderful , laughed valtteri enjoying the purpose he had found , i will take the colour blue , blue flowers are much easier to find during the winter months and , i think , i will take the winery .
stone foundations and stairs held up the expertly carpentered walls , decorated with eloquent carvings of vines and flowers .
the second house was bahruuns home , painted , pristinely , in blue and white , flowers of the same colours decorated the gates , fences and window boxes .
yes , now for the pact to be complete you must lay a wreath of blue flowers at the gate of that house to signify your loyalty .
a bush had grown its flowers four times larger than that of their normal size , each petal a different colour .
a girl of seven or eight held a wreath of purple flowers in her hands .
a cherry was in blossom .
my breast hair is growing longer , the flowers are blooming and bees are buzzing .
its flower is white and its fruit is red alive , there are tens of trees of coffee !
then she puts the chicken in a basket , decorated around it with some colorful candles and flowers .
i screamed at the leaches and they were uprooted like flowers in an updraft .
you stab it into your enemy , then hit the switch , and the whole thing opens like a flower , slicing apart your insides .
it sprung up with a brilliant color of purple and the head of the flower bent down towards the ground .
suddenly there seemed to be more colors in the room , a breath of sweet scented flowers that grew thousands of miles away from this desert place .
she wore slippers that seemed to be made of flower petals .
it was too late in the season for blossoms .
it was as if the huge iris of his eye was a flower with many , many petals , each one green , but different shades of green , some edged with white , some with black .
his green eyes seemed almost to float atop that golden light like flowers riding on water .
nicca caused a tree to explode into blossom months off schedule ... just by leaning against it .
sage has kept a single jasmine blossom alive and fragrant for two weeks with no water .
i looked around the room at the soft grey walls , the burgundy wallpaper border with its mauve , pink , and white flowers .
i 'd made a little mound of them to one side like an impromptu mountain of flowers and lace .
i ' ve seen the dying orchards and flower gardens with a few straggling blossoms , but no underground moon or sun .
i kept my feet through a shower of grey and white flowers on the edge of my vision .
it was like watching reverse film of flowers blooming .
it was one of a kind , made for her hand , with a hilt of jeweled spring flowers .
it was as if a green flower had been substituted for the iris of his eyes .
galen whispered , ` ` i smell apple blossoms . ''
the scent of plants was mingling so that i could smell galen 's apple blossoms , doyle 's scent of autumn oak leaves and deep forest , and rhys 's sweet , cloying lily of the valley .
there are flowers and vines everywhere .
the hallway of immortality , which has stood as a place of torment for millennia is covered in flowers .
` ` a cancer formed of flowers and pastel walls .
lady elasaid said , ` ` once the queen of our court walked everywhere in a shower of flowers . ''
the pillars were silver with gold vines carved to look as if they bloomed with golden flowers .
there was a stirring in the front of the glittering throng around me , almost the way a field of flowers moves in a strong wind .
the wind smelled of apple blossoms and roses - sweet and clean and good .
the voice came from my mouth , and echoed through the wind , and the drowning scent of blossoms .
blossoms spilled out , white and pink , and the scent of apples was thick and sweet .
a tree on a hill , and that tree was white with blossoms .
the sweet scent of apple blossoms filled the air , and that sense of peace that could come when you worshipped filled me .
i smelled apple blossoms again , and i turned toward the scent .
i gazed into the heat of his eyes , not the heat of magic , of faerie , but the eternal magic of male and female , of that eternal dance that truly did make the grass grow , the flowers bloom , the crops ripen .
the climbing roses of the entry chamber , filling the darkness with crimson blossoms , writhed and slithered like great thorned serpents overhead .
kieran 's house was led by blodewedd , who was created from the spring flowers of oak , broom , and meadowsweet by gwydion and math to be a bride for lleu llaw gyffes .
her hair was the startling yellow of the flowers that had formed her .
he had n't seen the flowers yet , but the others had .
queen niceven hovered above them untouched by the call of the flowers .
frost poked at one of the nodding blossoms with the tip of his sword .
galen touched one of the largest cupped blossoms , and it spilled a tiny demi - fey out into his hand .
` ` do you smell apple blossoms ? ''
` ` apple blossoms for me . ''
the flower had a yellow center and five petals raised above his skin , but the stem was lost in his flesh .
one of them focused on a flying vord , suddenly clenched his fist , and another booming blossom of fire roared to life , charring the creature to dead , blackened flesh .
balconies and stairs wound all over the outside of the building , thickly planted with broad - leafed plants , flowers , and small trees , all laid out in beautiful , miniature gardens , complete with several beautifully lit fountains .
the delicious odor of baking pastries and roasting meat filled the air , as did the fresh scents of flowers and new - cut grass , and isana 's nose touched upon half a dozen exotic perfumes as the attendees passed back and forth before them .
gregg held his hand out for the flowers .
gregg gave the flowers to colin .
old tom in summertime walked about the meadows gathering the buttercups , running after shadows , tickling the bumblebees that buzzed among the flowers , sitting by the waterside for hours upon hours .
he wove a tissue airy - thin to snare her in ; to follow her he made him beetle - leather wing and feather wing of swallow - hair he caught her in bewilderment with filament of spider - thread ; he made her soft pavilions of lilies , and a bridal bed of flowers and of thistle - down to nestle down and rest her in ; and silken webs of filmy white and silver light he dressed her in .
he battled with the dumbledors , the hummerhorns , and honeybees , and won the golden honeycomb ; and running home on sunny seas in ship of leaves and gossamer with blossom for a canopy , he sat and sang , and furbished up and burnished up his panoply .
with flowers crowned i stood on a mound , and shrill as a call at cock - crow proudly i cried : ' why do you hide ?
a bright - red flower bloomed from his neck , dripping onto the wood .
lenk watched him open his eyes , watched the crimson energy flower from behind his eyelids as tiny electric sparks began to dance along his sleeves .
limbs were bent in ways they were n't meant to bend , extra joints had been added , and haemorrhages bloomed in ugly purple blossoms beneath the man 's skin .
rashodd had time to blink three times , noting first the bloodied dagger in the man 's hand , second the twitching pink nub upon the floor , and third the red blossom that used to be his thumb .
he screamed , fingering the red blossom under his nose .
his ears threatening to burst in tiny blossoms of blood , he was hurled from the outcropping to slam against the chamber 's rough - cut wall .
amidst the bloodshed , they seemed disturbingly placid , like fleshy , throbbing flowers in a red - stained garden .
' prophet ... ' it gurgled , ' why ... wo n't you help- ' its question ended in a violent sputter and a blossom of iron .
violence , it seems , makes a fertile garden for love to blossom . '
he saw each whisper painted on his lids , saw the knife coming down and beheld a red blossom .
' hot , ' he whispered , eyes suddenly blossoming into burning red flowers .
the word ' magic ' was uttered , whispered and squealed at everything from stars falling across the sky to a flower blooming in snowfall .
the flower stretched out silently , instinctually , reaching out , muttering wordless sounds , whispering unheard speeches .
the intent flowed across the emptiness , dew across the petals of the flower .
and over all of them grew a thick net of ivy , flowers blooming upon flowers , leaves twitching as insects crawled over them .
and over all of them grew a thick net of ivy , flowers blooming upon flowers , leaves twitching as insects crawled over them .
the feathered headdress he wore about his prodigious skull and the nauseating blend of flowers , vines , feathers and leathers he wore as decoration ... well , lenk really had no explanation for that .
like a flower before fire , the females ' resolve withered , hands trembled , gaze turned towards the sand .
such a problem made itself known in a shadow that blossomed like a flower over the netherling , blackness banished by the resounding thunder of blue jaws snapping , a scream leaking out between teeth , purple legs flailing wildly as a great serpentine head swept up and shook back and forth to silence its writhing , shrieking prisoner .
bodies trembled , weapons clattered , all rising up to float around him like bleeding flowers upon a pond .
it rose on a pillar of coiled gray flesh , a macabre flower that blossomed into an emaciated torso , withered br**sts dangling from visible ribs .
throat opened up in a bright red blossom , blood weeping onto her garments .
he felt his mouth fill with frost , felt the thin layer of his cheek 's flesh burst in a red flower .
pale - blue spears jutted out in clusters like the petals of flowers grown large on blood .
she felt the blood blossom beneath her nails .
dozens of them , reaching around the wall and coiling about each other like some slick , rubbery bouquet of flowers .
weapons immediately were drawn by the companions at the sight of greenhair standing amidst them , like a pale white flower amidst endless green stalks .
and , as he held out his hands in what almost looked like it could be a gesture of benediction if not for the blossoms of fire blooming upon his palms , she was n't quite sure what to do next .
flesh and bone exploded in a bouquet of red and white flowers as the great , jagged star tore through the shen behind them , carrying through bodies and screams to impale itself in the stone stairs .
and below , a dozen other blue lights bloomed like dead flowers , reflecting off a dozen other tombs of frost .
she smelled of spices , of cardamom and nutmeg and flowers .
he touched his side , pressing firmly with his fingertips , feeling for one of the deep pains that told him he had encountered mr . stone and mr . wood , hunting for the greening blossoms of bruise that mad sweeney had gifted him with , and finding nothing .
even in the winter the town square was impressive , but shadow knew that this place was meant to be seen in summer : it would be a riot of color , of poppies and irises and flowers of every kind , and the clump of birch trees in one corner would be a green and silver bower .
oh , she said , and poured him coffee , she just wished that mr . ainsel could see the town in the summer or late in the spring , when the lilacs and the apple and the cherry blossoms were out , she thought there was nothing like it for beauty , nothing like it anywhere in the world .
they wear flowers in their bonnets and they give each other flowers .
clementine had a blossom of burns on her cheek , and one of her children had been scalded to death when a copper overturned .
green leaves , no flowers .
one of the ladders - it was painted by hand , with little flowers and leaves twining up the struts - they pointed out to him .
after several hours fleeting bursts of color started to explode across his vision in blossoms of crimson and gold , throbbing and pulsing with a life of their own .
when the sun was high the flower would open .
easter walked through the meadow , and spring flowers blossomed where she had passed .
her kiss was gentle , and it tasted of spring rains and meadow flowers .
sometimes he would stop and pick something up : a flower , or a leaf , or a pebble , or a twig , or a blade of grass .
the mother was herding a cart loaded down with pink flower arrangements , a pile of cards that were also predominantly pink , and some gift boxes .
at the front of the church were easels with enlarged photographs of the dead boys , each with a spray of flowers at the base .
we 're creatures of nature , and like bees take pollen from flowers , we pluck grains of magic from the land and air around us .
she stalked across the room enclosed by peach , rose and yellow flowers blooming from vines that climbed a silver trellis .
they camped in wide meadowlands high in the mountains , fortressed by the peaks and sparsely furred with sea - green grass , small yellow flowers standing up like flags from the dusty ground .
the chamber itself was fairytale - lovely , tiles of lapis - blue and white laid upon the walls from floor to gilt - painted ceiling , shutters inlaid with mother - of - pearl , velvet - cushioned window seats , thick carpets in a thousand shades of red heaped over the floors , and in the center of the room a tall painted vase half the height of a man stood upon a low table , full of a profusion of flowers and vines .
the sultan 's throne , wide and gold and blazing all over with polished green gemstones , stood upon a gorgeous rug woven of many - colored wool and elaborately patterned with flowers and ornaments ; his dress still more magnificent , a robe of marmalade - orange and yellow satin bordered in black over a tunic of blue and yellow silk , with the diamond - encrusted hilt of his dagger showing above his sash ; and an aigrette of diamonds around a great square emerald held a tall spray of stiff feathers affixed to the head of his high white turban .
temeraire held it for him , and laurence cut away one of the pouches with his knife : a sachet of dried flowers and herbs , and though it was soaked through now with blood and the horse 's damp sweating breath , laurence could still smell the strong perfume beneath .
i was equally hot in a brown skirt , tights , and a cap - sleeved blouse scattered with tan flowers .
non - native trees - beautiful and full of flowers - were artfully arranged to make walking paths and courtyards .
he and his assistant did n't fumble as they unfolded the small metal flower of the portable uplink .
vines began to erupt from the crevasse , pale green with purple blossoms , but ginormous , a cross - pollination of jack and the beanstalk and little shop of horrors , overgrowing the whole fleet , stopping the last bus in its tracks , and sealing the zombies inside .
native flowers burst from vases in niches like static explosions of color .
the sky looks like boiling soap scum and the hot wind , heavy with moisture , shakes blossoms off the azaleas .
she was lovely in a way that few women could match and none could surpass , dark of hair and fair of skin , seemingly in the flower of her late youth .
the air smelled hot and moist , earthy , heady with the perfumes of a hundred flowers .
the place was delirious with flowers and lousy with plants , but every single one was perfectly groomed .
she regarded me without blinking , then turned and plucked a bright yellow flower from a nearby plant .
filtered sunlight , glossy green leaves , the whisper of flowers and fountains .
a small flower of apprehension began to open inside her chest .
` ` it smells like ... '' springtime , she thought , before the heat comes and crushes the leaves into pulp and withers the petals off the flowers .
the greenhouse was laid out in what seemed to clary 's untrained eye no particular pattern , but everywhere she looked was a riot of color : blue - purple blossoms spilling down the side of a shining green hedge , a trailing vine studded with jewel - toned orange buds .
` ` he might have sent her candy and flowers , '' isabelle said .
i thought that you were dead ... '' clary blinked ; luke looked different , almost a stranger , bearded , his hair long and tangled - and branches came down to block her view ; she was in the park again , and green faeries , tiny as toothpicks , buzzed among the red flowers .
they were on a narrow avenue lined with old warehouses , though most now bore the signs of human residence : window boxes filled with flowers , lace curtains blowing in the clammy night breeze , numbered plastic trash cans stacked on the sidewalk .
jace was wearing a strand of tiny glowing flowers around his neck and seemed pleased with himself .
most of the staircases leading upstairs were gone ; not rotted but deliberately chopped away , reduced to stacks of kindling shoved against walls , bits of once - luxurious persian carpet clinging to them like blossoms of furry mold .
an archway to their left led farther into darkness ; the pillars on either side were engraved with a motif of leaves and flowers .
when jace opened the greenhouse door , the scent hit clary , soft as the padded blow of a cat 's paw : the rich dark smell of earth and the stronger , soapy scent of night - blooming flowers - moonflowers , white angel 's trumpet , four - o'clocks - and some she did n't recognize , like a plant bearing a star - shaped yellow blossom whose petals were medallioned with golden pollen .
when jace opened the greenhouse door , the scent hit clary , soft as the padded blow of a cat 's paw : the rich dark smell of earth and the stronger , soapy scent of night - blooming flowers - moonflowers , white angel 's trumpet , four - o'clocks - and some she did n't recognize , like a plant bearing a star - shaped yellow blossom whose petals were medallioned with golden pollen .
` ` what kind of flowers are these ? ''
jace shrugged and sat down , carefully , next to a glossy green shrub dotted all over with tightly closed flower buds .
it was like watching a speeded - up film of a flower blooming : the delicate green sepals opening outward , releasing the clustered petals inside .
but there were more trees and flowers here too .
my neighbor had a garden i envied : a huge noche buena tree with big glorious red flowers , native frangipani , rosebushes , hydrangea , and a wall full of bougainvillea .
roads were weird , with odd roundabouts called glorietas , but i did n't mind because the medians were always so green , full of trees and flowers and beautifully landscaped .
out back , greydusk had a tidy plot of land with weird , exotic flowers .
and eventually , beneath the cherry blossoms , they made a child . ''
i remembered the story he 'd told me about his parents and the cherry blossoms , and for a brief second , i smelled them in the air instead of the coppery sweetness of his blood .
this time i saw him in the spray of cherry blossoms , where his father fell in love with min .
overhead , the sun shone like molten gold , beaming down on a verdant field dotted with yellow flowers .
movement through the yellow flowers caught my eye .
the wind blew , carrying the sweetness of blooming flowers and the gentle hint of mist from the river .
all around us , cacti bloomed in the rocky soil , agave blossoms so fiercely yellow even in the dark .
the wind swept over the agave blossoms , rippling the petals .
a wizened old majordomo showed them to the garden , a simple affair of flowers and trees that might be found at any steadholt in the realm , and that the high lord cereus tended to with his own hands .
first was a japanese miniature hill garden in the tsukiyama form , then an english shrubbery , and third a traditional flower bed blooming with a dozen different species of a dozen different hues .
nothing but flowers .
the west parlor was a long , somber , high - ceilinged room full of flowers .
the west parlor was a long , high - ceilinged room , still choked with scores of flower arrangements .
it was a hundred times more complex than a snowflake , delicate as the finest lace , like a flower made of ice .
there is a small spot decorated with flowers and ribbons .
flourishes like flowers .
flourishing trees dot the land and flowers of all colors grow from the ground , twining around the trunks and branches .
she paced restlessly , examining bromeliads and exotic flowers .
a zen - appropriate arrangement of dried flowers in the center of the table .
a jam - jar contained flowers that had been arranged by the simple method of grabbing a handful of them and ramming them in .
bees loafed around in the bean blossoms , but buzzed fast in order to give the impression of hard work .
around a fine stand of tall decorative klatchian corn , bean vines raised red and white blossoms towards the sun ; in between the bean rows , melons baked gently on the dusty soil .
bees buzzed in the bean blossoms .
it was fragrant with the scent of flowers .
they lived in a world where the grass continued to be green and the sun rose every day and flowers regularly turned into fruit , and what impressed them ?
brilliant flowers glowed in the golden light .
the scent of evening - opening flowers hung thickly in the air .
they looked like groups of stones , except where a few had put up a central flower spike that was a brilliant pink and purple in the dawn light .
` ` the ones with the big flowers ? ''
the walled garden had been stripped of its walks and arbors and was now waist high in green stalks with white flowers .
bees were furiously at work in the blossoms .
` ` we 're going to need two thousand yards of the blue chintz material with the little white flowers , '' said millie .
there were a dozen books of tiny handwriting and drawings , the occasional interesting flower or unusual frog pressed carefully between the pages .
the veil had silk flowers on the headband .
they had flowers in their hair and were carrying what looked very much like a bowl of rice .
[ 7 ] but the quirm clock is simply a round flower - bed , filled with twenty - four different types of flower , carefully chosen for the regularity of the opening and closing of their petals ... as susan ran past , the purple bindweed was opening and love - in - a - spin was closing .
there was even a lavatory , another fine example of c. h. lavatory 's porcelainic art , with an embossed frieze of green and blue flowers on the cistern .
get some warrior , you bunch of fainting blossoms ... ' convergent evolution , ' said the raven .
` ` ... chrysanthemum ... mumum blossoms , the cold wind stirs the apricot trees .
he 'd risen gently through the agatean civil service by mastering those arts essential to the practice of good government and administration ( such as calligraphy , origami , flower arranging and the five wonderful forms of poetry ) .
he 'd dutifully got on with the tasks assigned to him and noticed only vaguely that there did n't seem to be quite as many high - ranking members of the civil service as there used to be , and then one day a lot of senior mandarins - most of them a lot more senior than he was , it occurred to him later - had rushed up to him while he was trying to find a rhyme for ' orange blossom ' and congratulated him on being the new master .
being master of protocol was even worse than trying to find a rhyme for ' orange blossom ' .
she was a maiden , as far as nanny knew , and she was at least in the right age- bracket for a crone ; and , as for the third , well ... cross granny weatherwax on a bad day and you 'd be like a blossom in the frost .
she turned her attention to the flowers .
' ca n't they just use flowers and berries and things ? '
somehow rincewind had expected the garden on the outcrop to be full of dead flowers , but it was in fact well kept and had obviously been planted by someone with an eye for colour , always provided the colour was deep purple , night black or shroud white .
then there was a plangent , sweet twanging noise and it seemed to explode in a complicated silent flower of light which rushed outwards , faded , and was gone .
i mean , tooth fairies , yes , and them little buggers that live in flowers , used to collect 'em myself as a lad , but ca n't recall anything about verrucas . '
but there were flowers , each with a couple of green leaves .
' i mean , not an actual face , there was ... all this ... decoration round the keyhole , sort of flowers and leaves and stuff , but if you looked at it in the ... right way ... it was a face and they put it in my room 'cos it was so big and in the night ... in the night ... in the night- ' they were grown men or at least had lived for several decades , which in some societies is considered the same thing .
and this place -- ' ' pretty flowers and an odd sky . '
a bowl of flowers .
' something smells of fermented flowers . '
their feet , moving like bees towards a flower , had found their way to the waterfront .
each was tipped by a flower , but the flowers were curling up and falling off .
each was tipped by a flower , but the flowers were curling up and falling off .
roots drove into the sand , leaves unfolded , and the plant sprouted one solitary female flower .
a few seconds later the flower dropped off and the small green ball below it began to swell , just as the horizon began to blush with the dawn .
' er ... no ... ' ' and what are those flowers on the top ? '
where a crow 's nest would be was a cluster of trumpet - shaped flowers , like green daffodils .
beside him the little plant opened a nondescript yellow flower .
leaves unfolded in the rain , tiny flowers opened with little plopping noises .
the bursar had experienced some changes of age as he wandered through the wet but barren land , but to a man capable of being a vase of flowers for an entire afternoon this was barely a mild distraction .
the breeze blew the scent of cherry blossom across the terrace .
he looked towards the other end of the terrace , where a couple of servants were sweeping up the fallen cherry blossom .
with great and patient and infuriating delicacy , like a samurai arranging flowers , lu - tze marshalled the shreds of tobacco in the flimsy cigarette paper .
a few cherry blossom petals drifted down onto wen 's head from one of the trees that grew wild along the streamlets .
next day a huge bunch of flowers had arrived for susan from jason 's mother , and an even bigger bunch from jason 's father .
there was a rattle of cutlery and a moment of uncertainty regarding a vase of flowers , but almost all the tableware remained in place .
a breeze blew the scent of cherry blossom .
a few cherry blossom petals fluttered to the ground .
down here , humming birds flickered from flower to flower , oblivious of any excitement .
everything here was transparent - delicate chairs , tables , vases of flowers .
look at the flowers .
do look at the flowers ! '
said a voice among the blossom - laden branches .
' there will always be cherry blossom here , ' he said .
the glass that he had broken in his leap through the window had opened around the hole like a great sparkling flower .
lu - tze sighed and looked for a while down the avenue of cherry blossom .
blossom cascaded from the trees as they passed .
above them , all the time , petals of cherry blossom fell like snow .
` ` flowers is more usual these days , '' said caleb , reflectively .
it was not a scene the minstrel would have expected out here , even though the lady was somewhat ... youngly dressed for a grandmother , and the message on the sampler she was sewing , surrounded by little flowers , was eat cold steel pigdog .
birds sang in the trees , bees buzzed in the blossom .
moss had grown over the wooden markers of the other six , but it had been scraped off the central one , revealing the name : john keel and carved underneath , by someone who had taken some pains , was : how do they rise up a huge wreath of lilac flowers , bound with purple ribbon , had been placed on the grave .
the abbot had taken thousand - year - old ideas and put them through his mind in a new way , and as a result the multiverse had opened for him like a flower .
the flower buds were noticeably swelling .
nervously , well aware of what a wizard 's pocket might hold , vimes pulled out a bunch of paper flowers , a string of flags of all nations ... and a silver cigar case .
vimes saw that he was dragging himself upright by one of the lilac trees ; blossoms and scent floated down in the darkness .
in the summer it was surrounded by dense beds of what granny loosely called ` ` the herbs '' - strange plants , hairy or squat or twining , with curious flowers or vivid fruits or unpleasantly bulging pods .
the strange night - time smells of civilization drifted in - the damp smell of streets , the fragrance of garden flowers , the distant hint of an overloaded privy .
the turf of the downs was full of tiny , intricate flowers , like cowslips and harebells , and even smaller ones that somehow survived the grazing .
` ` i ' m a toad , actually , '' said the creature , which had been peering at tiffany from between the paper flowers .
there was a click , and a slow thwap - thwap noise , and the center of the hat rose slowly and jerkily up out of the paper flowers , which fell away .
` ` i ' m not familiar , '' said a voice from among the paper flowers .
the hedges were green and full of flowers .
` ` nae problem aboot the mountain , neither , '' said daft wullie , still holding out the flowers .
fairyland is ... is all trees and flowers and sunshine and , and tinklyness !
she could see now that the far side of the bower contained a couch of leaves , surrounded by hanging flowers .
bees hummed between the little yellow flowers that grew on top of the wall .
anyway , all there wuz wuz a load o ' words we couldnae unnerstan ' an ' wee drawings o ' hearts and flowers an ' that . '
' tiny wee tinkly creatures that live in flowers an ' fly aroound cuddlin ' butterflies an ' that . '
but the turf lived in the sun , with its hundreds of grasses and flowers and birds and insects .
tiffany looked - and looked past the black cloak and the skulls and the rubber cobwebs and the black flowers and the blindfold and the stories , and saw a little deaf and blind old lady .
the flowers were black .
and we must leave right now , fragrant blossom of the date palm . '
' without vertically , wisely the cochineal emperor goes forth at teatime ; at evening the mollusc is silent among the almond blossom . '
the markets were thronged , the spectators were still thickly clustered around the whore pits , runners - up in the city 's eternal and byzantine gang warfare drifted silently down through the chilly waters of the river with lead weights tied to their feet , dealers in various illegal and even illogical delights plied their sidelong trade , burglars burgled , knives flashed starlight in alleyways , astrologers started their day 's work and in the shades a nightwatch - man who had lost his way rang his bell and cried out : ' twelve o'clock and all 's arrrrrgghhhh , ... ' however , the ankh - morpork chamber of commerce would not be happy at the suggestion that the only real difference between their city and a swamp is the number of legs on the alligators , and indeed in the more select areas of ankh , which tend to be in the hilly districts where there is a chance of a bit of wind , the nights are gentle and scented with habiscine and cecillia blossoms .
' it was a sort of flash , a kind of- ' the hubward horizon exploded into a silent flower of colour , which expanded rapidly through all the hues of the conventional spectrum before flashing into brilliant octarine .
do you believe in paradise , o peachcheeked blossom ? '
but it fell on the fool 's ears like blossom .
it 's a lot easier in pictures , when you just use a calendar with lots of pages blowing off , or a clock with hands moving faster and faster until they blur , or trees bursting into blossom and fruiting in a matter of seconds ... well , you know .
waterlily blossoms .
she was still musing on that as she mixed the dragons ' late night feed of rock oil and peat , spiked with flowers of sulphur .
most demi - fey did n't like bouquets of flowers .
` ` does anyone else smell flowers or plants ? ''
how did we help him even with the scent of flowers around us , and the presence of the goddess on the very air ?
it was black with red and green flowers on it here and there .
i smelled flowers , but it was neither roses nor apple blossoms .
it was covered in white and pink blossoms , and the whole room smelled sweet with it .
so , without really discussing it , we had breakfast in the formal living room around the table , under the spreading branches of the cherry tree with its blossoms and its breath of spring .
before we had finished breakfast we were sitting in a room full of pink and white snow formed of petals , and where the blossoms had been there was the beginning of leaves , and the barest beginnings of fruit .
we talked quietly under the fall of blossoms and the growing greenery .
the stream of fire flew across the glen , destroying trees , flowers , and , eventually , men .
annwyl moved slowly among the trees and flowers .
bathed in gold light , a wreath of gold and white flowers adorning her golden head , the goddess smiled at her .
blushing a bright shade of red , annwyl took the flowers offered , shook a few hands and smiled at the babies .
her golden brown hair , threaded through with green flowers , reached below her waist .
instead , she wore a sparkling white gown , cut low in the front , and her white hair curled and hanging loose around her shoulders and down her back , with white and silver flowers threaded throughout .
her black , curly hair threaded through with flowers the same color of her gown .
her gold waist - length hair hung in thick ringlets and she wore a garland of yellow and white flowers .
the old and beautiful trees , the small stream , the lovely flowers , the running deer ... being chased by gwenvael .
she always hated waking up to soft smiles , flowers , and first meal in bed with a male whose name she could n't even remember .
sneering , all three of them looked at the human male soldiers standing on the other side of the rail , several holding flowers .
keita , looking dazzling in a light blue gown , her dark red hair threaded with light blue flowers , ran barefoot up to her brother .
she wore a tunic of the finest silk draped around her in the fashion of the provinces , gold and silver flowers entwined throughout her perfectly sculpted silver - colored hair .
i exclaimed , the flowers falling from my hand .
his face creased , looking more like a grimace that took its time to blossom .
chapter nineteen sacrifice it was like watching a flower blossom in fast forward on the nature channel , seeing paul transform before me .
wil iam stood in front of a table fil ed with flowers , food , and candles , wearing a charcoal suit and a smile .
bouquet , cora said militantly , handing me a simple bouquet with a potpourri of white flowers .
the old one promptly sprang up a thick carpet of grass and a bright pink weedy flower , which to their great exasperation could not be rooted out , and attracted a species of wasps viciously jealous of their territory .
a week ago , she 'd had nothing more to worry about than making sure the flowers for her wedding were perfect and hoping it did n't rain .
she gestured at the profusion of flowers and balloons .
i caught a whiff of flowers .
we waited for him to finish , then walked up to the house , following a stone path lined with translucent , reddish flowers that were shaped like bells .
the forest , the flowers , the clouds .
abner marsh led york past him , past the procession of darkened , silent steamers , their tall chimneys etched against the stars like a row of blackened trees with strange flowers on their tops .
their feathered tops bloomed like two dark metal flowers .
they walked along the starboard side , with marsh and his stick and brown and the lantern leading the way , their boots clacking on the hardwood deck of the promenade as they marveled at the fine gothic detail of the pillars and the guard rails , all the painstakingly shaped wood , carved with flowers and curlicues and acorns .
up on its lofty , precipitous bluffs was natchez - on - the - hill , the proper city , with its broad streets , its trees and flowers , and all its grand houses .
through another field , where indigo was growing wild in a profusion of pink and purple flowers .
my hand reached out for the drapery pull , and i yanked , and the heavy maroon curtains slid back , revealing ... a big field of nodding yellow flowers .
as the little flowers of fire continued to blossom , the air around them began to shimmer , turning the sparkling line of lights into strip of hellishly molten air that almost seemed to glow with its own fire .
we passed fields of wheat and corn , grazing cattle and beautiful horses , spring flowers and trees in bloom .
it is really beautiful here , with the pretty trees and flowers .
the smell of wood smoke and spices still drifted on the evening breezes , along with the scent of late - blooming flowers and of rain on the wind .
all around the pool grew rich foliage : bushes , grass , flowers , even small trees , arranged as neatly as though kept by a gardener .
we had so much to talk about - flowers , cakes , catering , dresses , tuxedos ... ... we did n't talk about any of it .
in the dark your thoughts had a perfect circularity , and no matter what you tried to think of -- flowers or jesus or baseball or winning the gold in the 440 at the olympics -- it somehow led back to the form in the shadows with the claws and the unblinking eyes .
maybe they 'd been thinking the father is always a likely suspect , maybe they 'd been trying to pick holes in his story , but they 'd hovered around him like hummingbirds at a big red blossom .
a bellman was there , holding a vase of flowers .
the flowers were snapdragons , and i did n't think anyone had ever sent me snapdragons .
actually , i did n't think anyone had ever sent me flowers before , unless you counted a corsage or two when i was in high school .
i touched one blossom lightly .
a turquoise squash blossom necklace big enough to be traditional in design , small enough to be elegant .
she was currently sucking sauce off of a shrimp , to the delight of the middle - aged guy hovering near her like a bee on a flower .
you are no longer a warden , my little blossom .
i was standing in a meadow full of grass that was too green to be real , and there was a woman walking toward me through flame red flowers .
temeraire continued to creep very slowly up the hill , interrupting his studies of the clouds now and again to look at a flower , or a pebble ; to laurence 's surprise , he paused at one point and dug a small rock out of the ground , which he then brought up to laurence with apparent excitement , pushing it along with the tip of a talon , as it was too small for him to pick up in his claws .
blossoms with three white petals .
chicken and chunks of oranges cooked in a creamy sauce laid on a bed of pearly white grain , tiny green peas and onions , rolls shaped like flowers , and for dessert , a pudding the color of honey .
the people of the capitol are going nuts , showering us with flowers , shouting our names , our first names , which they have bothered to find on the program .
i pretend to examine a blossom .
fancy cakes with flowers and pretty things painted in frosting .
rue is a small yellow flower that grows in the meadow .
he loses his balance and crashes into an ugly urn filled with fake flowers .
floating on the top , yellow flowers in bloom , are my beautiful lilies .
i gently pull the stamen through the blossom and set the drop of nectar on my tongue .
perhaps they are really weeds of some sort , but they have blossoms in beautiful shades of violet and yellow and white .
because he ca n't know that the pink - and - white flowers are the tops of wild onions and only remind me of the hours i ' ve spent gathering them with gale .
they are beautifully iced with softly colored flowers .
the smell of blossoms and greenery .
two little girls come up with tremendous bouquets of flowers .
designs of fruit and flowers are carved into the molding and small , fat children with wings look down at us from every angle .
vases of blossoms give off a cloying scent that makes my eyes itch .
traditional dining tables have been replaced by innumerable stuffed sofas and chairs , some surrounding fireplaces , others beside fragrant flower gardens or ponds filled with exotic fish , so that people can eat and drink and do whatever they please in the utmost comfort .
i pluck a chocolate flower from a cake with my fingers and nibble on it , so beyond worrying about manners .
one afternoon peeta stops shading a blossom and looks up so suddenly that i start , as though i were caught spying on him , which in a strange way maybe i was .
the golden cornucopia sits in the middle of a green meadow with patches of gorgeous flowers .
others begin to die off and it becomes clear that almost everything in this pretty place - the luscious fruit dangling from the bushes , the water in the crystalline streams , even the scent of the flowers when inhaled too directly - is deadly poisonous .
the earth is very black and spongy underfoot , often obscured by tangles of vines with colorful blossoms .
even the thought of the glazed - eyed morphling painting my cheeks with yellow flowers gives me a pang .
even the sky fills with brightly colored blossoms of light .
her face turned tomato red , making the silver flowers inlaid in her plump cheeks even more noticeable .
beetee sits motionless in a wheelchair at the center of the meadow , watching a spring - green bird hover in midair as it sips nectar from a large orange blossom .
bait the inside with nectar flowers .
music draws mockingjays like blossoms do bees , and in a short while he 's got half a dozen of them perched in the branches over our heads .
wrapping bunches of dried flowers .
upon inspection , they appear to be harmless , if genetically enhanced , flowers .
a hollow of dead brush where flowers used to bloom .
as surely as the embroidery stitches in annie 's gown were done by cinna 's hand , the frosted flowers on the cake were done by peeta 's .
fish in a barrel , i think , as blossoms of red stain their white uniforms .
as the flowers flare up , a burst of blue flame envelops the rose and devours it .
all around it , i could see evidence of either marion 's or erik 's tinkering - grass just a bit greener , trees surreally gorgeous , perfect flowers spreading petals to the sun .
nat went tractably enough , although her eyes never left the sizzling flowers as her mother went back around the table , sat down , and nestled her in the crook of her arm .
carolyn would like it , which was good , and she would like him ( who usually stuck to westerns and historical novels ) even more for finding it and bringing it to her like a bouquet of flowers .
a cut - glass vase filled with fall flowers stood on one corner of her desk .
` ` a beautiful blossom has joined us , her petals brilliant and unfurled in the morning sun . ''
flowers grew everywhere , and even the trees were covered in blossoms .
i remembered the sun shining through other deciduous trees and flowers growing in clusters .
every leaf and flower .
would a bed of red flowers fill the ground below us ?
its perfume rivaled that of the rowan flowers , and around it stood cacti in all shapes and sizes , some of them small and squat and some tall and foreboding like sentries .
the flowers were beautiful .
he 'd seen the red flowers but brushed them off .
only i felt it , of course , but once , when i paused and talked to a guard for several minutes , i saw a small red flower growing where i 'd stood .
no need to create some fantastic creature out of wire and flowers and paper .
a low table covered by an embroidered gray cloth held a simple but profoundly beautiful flower arrangement , a single candle , a small knife , and a tiny hopi seed pot holding a long , thin incense stick .
more books , more flowers , and on the dresser the photo of a sad - eyed woman in the dress of the 1940s .
there was an earsplitting boom , and the delicate bowl on the coffee table shattered , sending a cascade of water and blossoms across hiram 's back , and leaving a single gardenia perched forlornly on the curve of his ample rump .
they were fashioned of bright flowers and twisted paper napkins , two - by - fours and sheets of chicken wire .
the flowers glowed red and golden : snap - dragons and sun - flowers , and nasturtiums trailing all over the turf walls and peeping in at the round windows .
there were green trees with trunks of dark smoke : their leaves opened like a whole spring unfolding in a moment , and their shining branches dropped glowing flowers down upon the astonished hobbits , disappearing with a sweet scent just before they touched their upturned faces .
tree and flower and leaf and grass , let them pass !
o stars that in the sunless year with shining hand by her were sawn , in windy fields now bright and clear we see your silver blossom blown !
when they came to make their meal , they found that the elves had filled their bottles with a clear drink , pale golden in colour : it had the scent of a honey made of many flowers , and was wonderfully refreshing .
the sky spoke of rain to come ; but the light was broadening quickly , and the red flowers on the beans began to glow against the wet green leaves .
he told them tales of bees and flowers , the ways of trees , and the strange creatures of the forest , about the evil things and good things , things friendly and things unfriendly , cruel things and kind things , and secrets hidden under brambles .
turning back , when they reached the bottom of the green hollow , they saw goldberry , now small and slender like a sunlit flower against the sky : she was standing still watching them , and her hands were stretched out towards them .
he peered between the hemlock - leaves and saw in wander flowers of gold upon her mantle and her sleeves , and her hair like shadow following .
the sound of running and falling water was loud , and the evening was filled with a faint scent of trees and flowers , as if summer still lingered in elrond 's gardens .
i sit beside the fire and think of all that i have seen , of meadow - flowers and butterflies in summers that have been ; of yellow leaves and gossamer in autumns that there were , with morning mist and silver sun and wind upon my hair .
not till the spring comes and the new green opens do they fall , and then the boughs are laden with yellow flowers ; and the floor of the wood is golden , and golden is the roof , and its pillars are of silver , for the bark of the trees is smooth and grey .
' of this stream the silvan elves made many songs long ago , and still we sing them in the north , remembering the rainbow on its falls , and the golden flowers that floated in its foam .
it is long and sad , for it tells how sorrow came upon lothlorien , lorien of the blossom , when the dwarves awakened evil in the mountains . '
mellyrn they are called , and are those that bear the yellow blossom , but i have never climbed in one .
at the feet of the trees , and all about the green hillsides the grass was studded with small golden flowers shaped like stars .
among them , nodding on slender stalks , were other flowers , white and palest green : they glimmered as a mist amid the rich hue of the grass .
here ever bloom the winter flowers in the unfading grass : the yellow elanor , and the pale niphredil .
though he walked and breathed , and about him living leaves and flowers were stirred by the same cool wind as fanned his face , frodo felt that he was in a timeless land that did not fade or change or fall into forgetfulness .
' something like this : the finest rockets ever seen : they burst in stars of blue and green , or after thunder golden showers came falling like a rain of flowers .
in the midst of the vessel sat celeborn , and behind him stood galadriel , tall and white ; a circlet of golden flowers was in her hair , and in her hand she held a harp , and she sang .
it was overlaid with a tracery of flowers and leaves wrought of silver and gold , and on it were set in elven runes formed of many gems the name anduril and the lineage of the sword .
the lady bowed her head , and she turned then to boromir , and to him she gave a belt of gold ; and to merry and pippin she gave small silver belts , each with a clasp wrought like a golden flower .
when spring is come to garth and field , and corn is in the blade ; when blossom like a shining snow is on the orchard laid ; when shower and sun upon the earth with fragrance fill the air , i 'll linger here , and will not come , because my land is fair .
in this way they came at last to what looked like an impenetrable wall of dark evergreen trees , trees of a kind that the hobbits had never seen before : they branched out right from the roots , and were densely clad in dark glossy leaves like thornless holly , and they bore many stiff upright flower - spikes with large shining olive - coloured buds .
the oldest were planted by the ents to try and please the entwives ; but they looked at them and smiled and said that they knew where whiter blossom and richer fruit were growing .
o rowan fair , upon your hair how white the blossom lay !
upon their western sides the grass was white as with a drifted snow : small flowers sprang there like countless stars amid the turf .
then they saw torches : countless points of fiery light upon the black fields behind , scattered like red flowers , or winding up from the lowlands in long flickering lines .
shall we make our counsels together against evil days , and repair our injuries with such good will that our estates shall both come to fairer flower than ever before ? '
even now my heart desires to test my will upon it , to see if i could not wrench it from him and turn it where i would c to look across the wide seas of water and of time to tirion the fair , and perceive the unimaginable hand and mind of feanor at their work , while both the white tree and the golden were in flower ! '
here spring was already busy about them : fronds pierced moss and mould , larches were green - fingered , small flowers were opening in the turf , birds were singing .
many great trees grew there , planted long ago , falling into untended age amid a riot of careless descendants ; and groves and thickets there were of tamarisk and pungent terebinth , of olive and of bay ; and there were junipers and myrtles ; and thymes that grew in bushes , or with their woody creeping stems mantled in deep tapestries the hidden stones ; sages of many kinds putting forth blue flowers , or red , or pale green ; and marjorams and new - sprouting parsleys , and many herbs of forms and scents beyond the garden - lore of sam .
' for myself , ' said faramir , ' i would see the white tree in flower again in the courts of the kings , and the silver crown return , and minas tirith in peace : minas anor again as of old , full of light , high and fair , beautiful as a queen among other queens : not a mistress of many slaves , nay , not even a kind mistress of willing slaves .
sometimes like a great tree in flower , sometimes like a white daffadowndilly , small and slender like .
the gorse - bushes became more frequent as they got nearer the top ; very old and tall they were , gaunt and leggy below but thick above , and already putting out yellow flowers that glimmered in the gloom and gave a faint sweet scent .
a trailing plant with flowers like small white stars had bound itself across the brows as if in reverence for the fallen king , and in the crevices of his stony hair yellow stonecrop gleamed .
wide flats lay on either bank , shadowy meads filled with pale white flowers .
through this they passed , and sam saw that they were on a narrow path that gleamed faintly at first , as the main road did , until climbing above the meads of deadly flowers it faded and went dark , winding its crooked way up into the northern sides of the valley .
at the far end upon a dais of many steps was set a high throne under a canopy of marble shaped like a crowned helm ; behind it was carved upon the wall and set with gems an image of a tree in flower .
we might have journeyed to lossarnach , to my grandsire 's house ; it is good to be there in spring , the woods and fields are full of flowers .
when i first looked on her and perceived her unhappiness , it seemed to me that i saw a white flower standing straight and proud , shapely as a lily , and yet knew that it was hard , as if wrought by elf - wrights out of steel .
and over the wide land , trampling unheeded the grass and the flowers , we hunted our foes through a day and a night , until we came at the bitter end to the great river at last .
and then all the clouds rolled away , and the white sun shone , and at his command the vale of gorgoroth became a garden of flowers and trees and brought forth fruit .
in western lands beneath the sun the flowers may rise in spring , the trees may bud , the waters run , the merry finches sing .
no taste of food , no feel of water , no sound of wind , no memory of tree or grass or flower , no image of moon or star are left to me .
they stepped out of the beech - grove in which they had lain , and passed on to a long green lawn , glowing in sunshine , bordered by stately dark - leaved trees laden with scarlet blossom .
in the valleys of our hills there are flowers fair and bright , and maidens fairer still ; but neither flower nor lady have i seen till now in gondor so lovely , and so sorrowful .
and the city was filled again with women and fair children that returned to their homes laden with flowers ; and from dol amroth came the harpers that harped most skilfully in all the land ; and there were players upon viols and upon flutes and upon horns of silver , and clear - voiced singers from the vales of lebennin .
before the barrier stood faramir the steward , and hurin warden of the keys , and other captains of gondor , and the lady eowyn of rohan with elfhelm the marshal and many knights of the mark ; and upon either side of the gate was a great press of fair people in raiment of many colours and garlands of flowers .
tall as the sea - kings of old , he stood above all that were near ; ancient of days he seemed and yet in the flower of manhood ; and wisdom sat upon his brow , and strength and healing were in his hands , and a light was about him .
and in that moment all the trumpets were blown , and the king elessar went forth and came to the barrier , and hurin of the keys thrust it back ; and amid the music of harp and of viol and of flute and the singing of clear voices the king passed through the flower - laden streets , and came to the citadel , and entered in ; and the banner of the tree and the stars was unfurled upon the topmost tower , and the reign of king elessar began , of which many songs have told .
already it had put forth young leaves long and shapely , dark above and silver beneath , and upon its slender crown it bore one small cluster of flowers whose white petals shone like the sunlit snow .
and aragorn planted the new tree in the court by the fountain , and swiftly and gladly it began to grow ; and when the month of june entered in it was laden with blossom .
in the party field a beautiful young sapling leaped up : it had silver bark and long leaves and burst into golden flowers in april .
' well , sam , what about elanor , the sun - star , you remember the little golden flower in the grass of lothlorien ? '
lord vetinari looked down at the improbably large flower in the clown 's buttonhole .
but you will not get to newfoundland by studying the atlantic that way , and you will not get eternal life by simply feeling the presence of god in flowers or music .
either way , we had him to thank for a world without flowers , where plants grew brown rather than green , and where people could survive in an environment where ash fell from the sky on a regular basis .
` ` flowers , '' sazed said .
and he restored flowers to the plants that had once borne them .
at the center of the flowers , he found two people .
there was a large round park at the center where flowers bloomed year - round , the air warmed by a hot spring underneath .
the thorny vines were covered in green leaves and flowers .
the flowers were white and pink , from palest blush to dark salmon .
again , i could not see the change , but like a flower unfurling undetectably , it changed all the same .
forming vines and flowers , pictures .
flowing images of vines and flowers , and trees , and animals .
` ` taken them into tree and flower and ground , '' he said , not meeting her eyes .
i caught the faintest scent of apple blossoms , a small ... what ?
the plant wove itself into a ring as we watched - a ring that bloomed on his hand , the delicate spray of white blossoms more precious than any jewel .
finally , the blooms spread across the island , so that the ground was nearly solid with tiny , airy flowers , moving not in a breeze - for there was none - but nodding as if the flowers were speaking to one another .
` ` a crown of flowers is not a crown for the king of the sluagh ! ''
the flowers of his crown looked ghostly pale , and i thought they would have attracted honeybees , if it had not been dark .
` ` that if the sunlight had remained , there would have been bees to feed on the flowers . ''
moths appeared among the flowers , small ones , ones to match the moth on my stomach .
white globes of sweet - smelling flowers burst like stars across all the green .
i saw hawthorne , his dark hair starred with living blossoms .
i could see potted flowers in an array of colors beyond the door .
their smooth columns had the gentle swell of the noblest beech trees : but these were taller than a cathedral spire on earth , and at their tops they broke rather into flower than foliage ; into golden flower bright as tulip , still as rock , and huge as summer cloud .
their smooth columns had the gentle swell of the noblest beech trees : but these were taller than a cathedral spire on earth , and at their tops they broke rather into flower than foliage ; into golden flower bright as tulip , still as rock , and huge as summer cloud .
after , the heaven made grow another kind of worlds : the high climbers , the bright - haired forests , cheeks of flowers .
and there walking before him , as if on the other side of a brook , was the lady herself - walking with her head a little bowed and her hands occupied in plaiting together some blue flowers .
they surrounded a roughly oval plateau of perhaps seven acres , covered with a finer turf than any known on our planet and dotted with tiny crimson flowers .
the slope was covered with flowers which shook continually in a light breeze .
cores of rock they must have had ; but what he saw were great matterhorns clothed in flowers - a flower shaped something like a lily but tinted like a rose .
cores of rock they must have had ; but what he saw were great matterhorns clothed in flowers - a flower shaped something like a lily but tinted like a rose .
but if there were a wind it was not made of air , for no petal of the flowers was shaken .
he dwells ( all of him dwells ) within the seed of the smallest flower and is not cramped : deep heaven is inside him who is inside the seed and does not distend him .
` ` in the plan of the great dance plans without number interlock , and each movement becomes in its season the breaking into flower of the whole design to which all else had been directed .
some of the thinner and more delicate cords were beings that we call short - lived : flowers and insects , a fruit or a storm of rain , and once ( he thought ) a wave of the sea .
the stick burst into flower in the man 's hand .
they drank very little wine , and it made the hollies very talkative : for the most part they quenched their thirst with deep draughts of mingled dew and rain , flavoured with forest flowers and the airy taste of the thinnest clouds .
amara saw more bolts of lightning and spheres of flame begin to blossom , illuminating the black armor segments of the vord in stark , violent flashes .
amara recognized the smell of preprocessed hollybells , the flowers from which the drug aphrodin was made .
someone was standing among the vases of flowers .
` ` how may i hel - '' flowers .
behind them was the garden of eden , lush and filled with flowers .
ramon 's head lolled like the head of a flower on a broken stalk .
he held out the flowers to her , smiling hopefully but keeping tabs on the upraised can .
a little extra present to go along with the flowers .
a tiny pink clover flower .
rose looked at the tiny pink flower in the palm of her hand , then held it out to the painting .
when she removed it , more rustic treasures fell out : ants ( most dead but three or four still able to crawl ) , the plump corpse of a honeybee , several daisy - petals of the sort you were supposed to pluck from the central flower while chanting he - loves - me , he - loves - me - not ... and a few filmy white hairs .
he showed her flowers , naming most of them .
his horns were decorated with garlands of flowers .
in this light , the garlands of flowers decking the horns might have been clots of blood .
only that improbable vista ... and a tiny breath of breeze , fragrant with grass and flowers , to prove it was n't an eerily perfect optical illusion .
later in the year the trees all burst together into pale golden blossoms ; and since the woods of the moon are nearly endless , no doubt that alters the look of the moon from below on the world .
he squeezed her thin arms in his huge hands like a bouquet of flower stems .
our lips touched , and the world was suddenly filled with the perfume of blossoms .
i was drowning in apple blossoms as if i 'd fallen into some enchanted orchard , where it was always spring , always new , always possible .
i saw maeve sitting under a tree in full blossom .
the warmth began to fade , and the blossoms fell from the tree in a shower of white and pink , and the snow dotted the grass .
` ` the blossoms are opening . ''
the smell of apple blossoms began to drift in through the door .
he carried me out into the hall , past the pink - and - white mass of blossoms that almost filled it .
i was drowning in the scent of apple blossoms again , and for a moment power flared through me , a strong pulse that made doyle stumble .
he touched their heads , chucked them under the chin , played tag among the trees and flowers .
i fell into that kiss , those trembling wings , the velvet caress of the powder falling along my body , and i saw nicca standing in a meadow , bright with summer flowers .
it was night , but nicca shone so bright that the flowers had opened before him as if he were the sun .
then i realized that it was the flowers ; the flowers had grown wings and filled the sky .
` ` but i touched it , the leaves , the bark , the blossoms .
his pupils were petaled layers of red , blue , yellow , and green , like a multicolored flower .
the flowers could not be anything but artlessly beautiful .
the tree in full blossom did not know it was beautiful , but it was , and so was usna .
images of fruit and flowers covered the wood , and peeking out of that lovely tangle of vines and leaves were the faces of men .
a blossom would get pulled too far into the writhing mass , and a shower of scarlet petals would rain down upon us .
it permeated the air , every blossom , every blade of grass .
the flowers here were different than the delicate ones in the rowan land .
his reminded me of flower petals , soft and velvety .
the nightgown was pale green , its top and bottom hems ornamented with elaborate green leaves and tiny pink flowers .
these images were n't accurate representations of the very humanlike gentry but depicted more of what pop culture perceived fairies to be like : small and winged , playing with flowers and fireflies .
the colors and hues of blossoms on cacti after the rain .
finally the cacti came , popping up everywhere , and they were covered in flowers .
too many flowers to be real .
scrolling vines and flowers decorated the front .
when i got to the third one - sheer black mesh decorated with embroidered pink flowers - i wanted to die .
i tried on the last one - red with glittering silver flowers - and even in the wrong size , it was stunning .
seth had a thing for purple flowers .
` ` who sent you flowers ? ''
i looked down at the riotously colored blossoms in my arms .
they were vanilla , topped with elaborately swirled chocolate icing that was in turn adorned with perfect white frosting flowers .
we did n't have to wait long because a couple minutes later , i felt the wash of a succubus aura come over me , one reminiscent of orange blossoms and honey .
satin flowers near the top added a whimsical edge , and the straps and knee - length made me feel it would n't get her kicked out of a church function .
the flowers on top of that one will make you look fat . ''
as he did , i caught the faintest whiff of tuberose blossoms - the leftover scent of my michael kors perfume .
i was moving toward the door , my coat and purse in hand , when roman came home , carrying flowers .
one moment we were riding over stone , the next we galloped over green grass with tall summer flowers brushing our horses ' bellies .
his court spilled to either side in its standing lines , and the smaller chairs were like a garden of brilliant flowers formed of gold and silver and jewels .
the vine around our hands burst into flowers .
so that was n't such a problem , but sholto 's face was as fair as any in faerie , and , crowned with the blooming herbs , in their haze of colored blossoms , he was like something out of the old fairy stories .
i sat up in the bed , the petals spilling around , as if the blanket had fallen back to being just flower petals .
they were strangely fluid ; it was like watching flowers bloom , if you could catch them at it .
the flowers on his crown were like a mist of lavender , pink , and white .
it was all flowers and herbs , after all .
the herb ring on his finger bloomed white , and his crown bloomed into a haze of pastel flowers .
vivid grass and multicolored flowers rioted around her .
laden like heavy barges that glide nearly gunwale under , laden so heavily you would have thought it could not move , laden with ponderous fragrance of night - scented flowers , sticky gums , groves that drop odours , and with cool savour of midnight fruit , it stirred the curtains , it lifted a letter that lay on the table , it lifted the hair which had a moment before been plastered on merlin 's forehead .
and she gave him a store of lembas , the waybread of the elves , wrapped in leaves of silver ; and the threads that bound it were sealed at the knots with the seal of the queen , a wafer of white wax shaped as a single flower of telperion .
they came now from the north , for so mim had led them , and the light of the westering sun fell upon the crown of amon randucirc ; dh , and the seregon was all in flower .
` ` can you see blossom ? ''
` ` blossom ?
` ` things blossom in their time .
they bud and bloom , blossom and fade .
it was made of small five - petaled flowers , and he had just put his head in to sniff the perfume when he heard footsteps coming up the path .
she looked up at the flowers .
she took the scissors from him and began to cut the clumps of blossom , and she and the three men started to fill the baskets with the flowers .
` ` perfectly ridiculous , '' said mrs . caraway , but she continued to cut the white blossoms and drop them into the wicker baskets .
` ` it 's the first time the winter blossoms have bloomed in eighty years . ''
` ` stuff and nonsense , '' she said , and kept on snipping the blossoms .
he passed the lady mayoress , standing on a corner , and as he watched , she reached out and pinned a little white flower to the lapel of a passing businessman .
on the other street corners , he passed the men who had been with the lady mayoress , each man with a basket , handing out the white flowers .
the man passed bod a white flower .
` ` what are the flowers for ? ''
there must have been hundreds of them , all of them breathing , each of them as alive as he was , each with a white flower .
the town square was covered with tiny white flowers .
the flowers were popular , the chocolates , which they had for dessert , were perfect , and mr .
passing in , lucy found herself in a pleasant room full of sunlight and flowers .
day after day from all those miles and leagues of flowers there rose a smell which lucy found it very hard to describe ; sweet - yes , but not at all sleepy or overpowering , a fresh , wild , lonely smell that seemed to get into your brain and make you feel that you could go up mountains at a run or wrestle with an elephant .
the gentle breeze lifted my hair away from my forehead and i inhaled the floral scent in the air as it drifted towards us over the magnificent royal gardens.bright blue lotus flowers drifted serenely in small rock - lined ponds , while white chickpeas softly swayed in the breeze intertwined with intricately sculpted shrubbery.cleopatra bent and picked a lotus blossom , tucking it behind her ear as i stood in the serene garden and watched .
the heavy , sweet scent of jasmine hung thickly in the air as we walked past the yellow blossoms lining the walkway.it was no wonder that i smelled jasmine when i first picked up the bloodstone.the air here was pregnant with it .
i crossed the terrace to stand at her side , enjoying the strikingly familiar scent.lotus blossoms , jasmine , sea salt .
now the place that they loved the most was a shady spot , and elms grew there , and beech too , but these were not very tall , and some chestnut trees there were with white flowers , but the ground was moist and a great misty growth of hemlocks rose beneath the trees .
the height of that fall was very great and the waters had a loud and musical voice , splashing into a silver foam far below where they had worn a great hollow in the rocks ; and this hollow was o'ershadowed by trees and bushes , but the sun gleamed through upon the spray ; and about the head of the fall there was an open glade and a green sward where grew a wealth of flowers , and men loved that spot .
the pleasant place ( ' a green sward where grew a wealth of flowers ' ) survived ; cf .
this by slow labour he adorned with fair carvings of the beasts and trees and flowers and birds that he knew about the waters of mithrim , and ever among them was the swan the chief , for tuor loved this emblem and it became the sign of himself , his kindred and folk thereafter .
here the river wound in wide curves with low banks through a great plain of the sweetest grass and very long and green ; willows of untold age were about its borders , and its wide bosom was strewn with waterlily leaves , whose flowers were not yet in the earliness of the year , but beneath the willows the green swords of the flaglilies were drawn , and sedges stood , and reeds in embattled array .
and ulmo said : ` ` o tuor of the lonely heart , i will not that thou dwell for ever in fair places of birds and flowers ; nor would i lead thee through this pleasant land , o but that so it must be .
now the streets of gondolin were paved with stone and wide , kerbed with marble , and fair houses and courts amid gardens of bright flowers were set about the ways , and many towers of great slenderness and beauty builded of white marble and carved most marvellously rose to the heaven .
on either side of the doors of the palace were two trees , one that bore blossom of gold and the other of silver , nor did they ever fade , for they were shoots of old from the glorious trees of valinor that lit those places before melko and gloomweaver withered them : and those trees the gondothlim named glingol and bansil .
in these ways that bitter winter passed , and the snows lay deeper than ever before on the encircling hills ; yet in its time a spring of wondrous glory melted the skirts of those white mantles and the valley drank the waters and burst into flowers .
then the balrogs con- tinued to shoot darts of fire and flaming arrows like small snakes into the sky , and these fell upon the roofs and gardens of gondolin till all the trees were scorched , and the flowers and grass burned up , and the whiteness of those walls and colonnades was blackened and seared : yet a worse matter was it that a company of those demons climbed upon the coils of the serpents of iron and thence loosed unceasingly from their bows and slings till a fire began to burn in the city to the back of the main army of the defenders .
glorfindel is driven in with the last of the men of the golden flower .
the original reading was : ' thou tuor of the lonely heart the valar will not to dwell for ever in fair places of birds and flowers ; nor would they lead thee through this pleasant land ... ' 11 .
it is however most remarkable that the old vision of the land of willows and its drowsy beauty of river - flowers and butterflies was not lost , though afterwards it was voronwe , not tuor , who wandered there , devising names , and who stood enchanted ' knee - deep in the grass ' ( p. 155 ; later tuor p. 35 ) , until his fate , or ulmo lord of waters , carried him down to the sea .
there shining fountains played , and in the courts of turgon stood images of the trees of old , which turgon himself wrought with elven - craft ; and the tree which he made of gold was named glingal , and the tree whose flowers he made of silver was named belthil .
but in the concise account in the silmarillion the only vestiges are the titles ecthelion ' of the fountain ' * and glorfindel ' chief of the house of the golden flower of gondolin ' .
bansil ' now this name had the gondothlim for that tree before their king 's door which bore silver blossom and faded not -- and its name had elfriniel from his father voronwe ; and it meaneth ` ` fairgleam '' .
this the eldar still tell of as silpion or ` ` cherry - moon '' , for its blossom was like that of a cherry in spring -- but of that tree in gondolin they know no name , and the noldoli tell of it alone . '
while i , alone , look out behind the moon from in my white and windy tower , ye bide no moment and await no hour , but go with solemn song and harpers ' tune through the dark shadows and the shadowy seas to the last land of the two trees , whose fruit and flower are moon and sun , where light of earth is ended and begun .
many a time there have i seen them and gilfanon has been there , and they rode like kings unto the chase , and the beauty of their faces in the sun was as the new morning , and the wind in their golden hair like to the glory of bright flowers shaken at dawn , and the strong music of their voices like the sea and like trumpets and like the noise of very many viols and of golden harps unnumbered .
prelude in unknown days my fathers ' sires came , and from son to son took root among the orchards and the river - meads and the long grasses of the fragrant plain : many a summer saw they kindle yellow fires of iris in the bowing reeds , and many a sea of blossom turn to golden fruit in walled gardens of the great champain .
there sleep came easy for the drone of bees thronging about cottage gardens heaped with flowers ; in love of sunlit goodliness of days there richly flowed their lives in settled hours -- but that was long ago , and now no more they sing , nor reap , nor sow , and i perforce in many a town about this isle unsettled wanderer have dwelt awhile .
in unknown days my fathers ' sires came , and from son to son took root among the orchards and the river - meads and the long grasses of the fragrant plain : many a summer saw they kindle yellow fires of flaglilies among the bowing reeds , and many a sea of blossom turn to golden fruit in walled gardens of the great champain .
there sleep came easy for the drone of bees thronging about cottage gardens heaped with flowers ; in love of sunlit goodliness of days there richly flowed their lives in settled hours -- but that was long ago , and now no more they sing , nor reap , nor sow ; and i perforce in many a town about this isle unsettled wanderer have dwelt awhile .
nost- na - lothion ' the birth of flowers ' , nos galdon , nos nan alwen .
los ' loriol ( changed from los gloriol ; the golden flower of gondolin ) .
the hedgerows were ghostly pale with white blossom in the dusk , blackthorn blooming on either side of him , celandine fringing the lane with tiny , glossy heart - shaped leaves .
she saw it now , the hint of those creamy white blossoms among the black , tangled branches .
she let out a muffled gasp when it shot up to the ceiling , rippled , a liquid spear , then opened almost like a flower , and spilled back into the bowl without a drop lost .
with him she walked into the warmth , into the rich colors , the flowers .
` ` candles and flowers , light and scent .
he pulled up at the cottage , smoke curling from the chimney , an amazing array of colorful flowers twinkling in the evening gloom .
` ` thank you , '' she said instead , and took the flowers .
the flowers , so lovely , the scents , so poignant , helped her with her own balance .
meanwhile , the flowers are beautiful , and so was your apology . ''
the crushed blue flowers plumped .
from the bag she 'd secured to the saddle , she took the flowers first .
they slowed down only to hand out star - shaped flowers to whichever pretty girls they passed .
` ` those blue flowers .
diana continued , ` ` then from a golden chalice of dried amaranth flowers , sprinkle the body and its surrounding area . ''
the circle was eating lunch in their new spot , a small patch of woods up one of the narrow paths on the edge of school grounds - a green grass hideaway beneath the cover of high birches and leafy apple blossoms .
the trees overhead smelled of sweet flowers , and the ground beneath cassie 's shoes was moist with dew .
you will notice already that mr . baggins was not quite so prosy as he liked to believe , also that he was very fond of flowers .
there were bogs , some of them green pleasant places to look at with flowers growing bright and tall ; but a pony that walked there with a pack on its back would never have come out again .
this is what he said : ` ` this thing all things devours : birds , beasts , trees , flowers ; gnaws iron , bites steel ; grinds hard stones to meal ; slays king , ruins town , and beats high mountain down . ''
as they went on bilbo looked from side to side for something to eat ; but the blackberries were still only in flower , and of course there were no nuts , nor even hawthorn - berries .
it was the middle of the afternoon before they noticed that great patches of flowers had begun to spring up , all the same kinds growing together as if they had been planted .
so they rode now for two more days , and all the while they saw nothing save grass and flowers and birds and scattered trees , and occasionally small herds of red deer browsing or sitting at noon in the shade .
their gloaming hair was twined with flowers ; green and white gems glinted on their collars and their belts ; and their faces and their songs were filled with mirth .
in the spring he wore a crown of woodland flowers .
there was the sound , too , of elven - harps and of sweet music ; and as it echoed up towards them it seemed that the chill of the air was warmed , and they caught faintly the fragrance of woodland flowers blossoming in spring .
the wind 's in the free - top , the wind 's in the heather ; the stars are in blossom , the moon is in flower , and bright are the windows of night in her tower .
the wind 's in the free - top , the wind 's in the heather ; the stars are in blossom , the moon is in flower , and bright are the windows of night in her tower .
bard had rebuilt the town in dale and men had gathered to him from the lake and from south and west , and all the valley had become tilled again and rich , and the desolation was now filled with birds and blossoms in spring and fruit and feasting in autumn .
the basketball hoops were tied back and filled with bright , pungent flowers - primroses , tulips , and chrysanthemums - masking the smell of adolescent sweat .
people cassie had never even seen before poured into suzan 's house with flowers and food for suzan 's dad .
he was greeting strangers at the door , thanking them for their casseroles and flowers , directing them toward the sitting room .
the town gates , still decorated with flowers from some festival or other , stood open and welcoming , but the silence beyond them was all wrong .
as yet no flower had bloomed nor any bird had sung , for these things waited still their time in the bosom of yavanna ; but wealth there was of her imagining , and nowhere more rich than in the midmost parts of the earth , where the light of both the lamps met and blended .
in that guarded land the valar gathered great store of light and an the fairest things that were saved from the ruin ; and many others yet fairer they made anew , and valinor became more beautiful even than middle - earth in the spring of arda ; and it was blessed , for the deathless dwelt there , and there naught faded nor withered , neither was there any stain upon flower or leaf in that land , nor any corruption or sickness in anything that lived ; for the very stones and waters were hallowed .
under her song the saplings grew and became fair and tail , and came to flower ; and thus there awoke in the world the two trees of valinor .
the one had leaves of dark green that beneath were as shining silver , and from each of his countless flowers a dew of silver light was ever falling , and the earth beneath was dappled with the shadow of his fluttering leaves .
flowers swung upon her branches in clusters of yellow flame , formed each to a glowing horn that spilled a golden rain upon the ground ; and from the blossom of that tree there came forth warmth and a great light .
therefore at the sixth hour of the first day , and of all the joyful days thereafter , until the darkening of valinor , telperion ceased his time of flower ; and at the twelfth hour laurelin her blossoming .
even among the radiant flowers of the tree - lit gardens of valinor they longed still at times to see the stars ; and therefore a gap was made in the great walls of the pelori , and there in a deep valley that ran down to the sea the eldar raised a high green hill : tuna it was called .
there bloomed the first flowers that ever were east of the mountains of aman .
though middle - earth lay for the most part in the sleep of yavanna , in beleriand under the power of melian there was life and joy , and the bright stars shone as silver fires ; and there in the forest of neldoreth luthien was born , and the white flowers of niphredil came forth to greet her as stars from the earth .
carven figures of beasts and birds there ran upon the walls , or climbed upon the pillars , or peered among the branches entwined with many flowers .
yet even as hope failed and her song faltered , telperion bore at last upon a leafless bough one great flower of silver , and laurelin a single trait of gold .
but the flower and the fruit yavanna gave to aule , and manwe hallowed them , and aule and his people made vessels to hold them and preserve their radiance : as is said in the narsilion , the song of the sun and moon .
isil the sheen the vanyar of old named the moon , flower of telperion in valinor ; and anar the fire - golden , fruit of laurelin , they named the sun .
blue was her raiment as the unclouded heaven , but her eyes were grey as the starlit evening ; her mantle was sewn with golden flowers , but her hair was dark as the shadows of twilight .
for this ring was like to twin serpents , whose eyes were emeralds , and their heads met beneath a crown of golden flowers , that the one upheld and the other devoured ; that was the badge of finarfin and his house ; then melian leaned to thingol 's side , and in whispered counsel bade him forgo his wrath .
and she gave him store of lembas , the waybread of the elves , wrapped in leaves of silver , and the threads that bound it were sealed at the knots with the seal of the queen , a wafer of white wax shaped as a single flower of telperion ; for according to the customs of the eldalie the keeping and giving of lembas belonged to the queen alone .
and as the men of turin 's band drew near , the sun westering broke through the clouds , and fell upon the crown ; and the seregon was all in flower .
then thorondor bore up glorfindel 's body out of the abyss , and they buried him in a mound of stones beside the pass ; and a green turf came there , and yellow flowers bloomed upon it amid the barrenness of stone , until the world was changed .
it was raised by osse out of the depths of the great water , and it was established by aule and enriched by yavanna ; and the eldar brought thither flowers and fountains out of tol eressea .
and they brought to numenor many gifts : birds of song , and fragrant flowers , and herbs of great virtue .
for seven days he journeyed with banner and trumpet , and he came to a hill , and he went up , and he set there his pavilion and his throne ; and he sat him down in the midst of the land , and the tents of his host were ranged all about him , blue , golden , and white , as a field of tall flowers .
thus it was that in two domains the bliss and beauty of the elves remained still undiminished while that age endured : in imladris ; and in lothlorien , the hidden land between celebrant and anduin , where the trees bore flowers of gold and no orc or evil thing dared ever come .
robb reyne , gareth the grey , ser aubrey ambrose , lord gormon peake , black byren flowers , redtusk , fireball ... bittersteel !
the last of the green kings perished on that field , with the finest flowers of the reach around him .
it was a variation of hematite , cassie 's and scarlett 's working crystal , with flat hexagonal edges clustered in a formation that resembled a flower .
rambling and stately , it rose from amid gardens of small bright flowers and seas of golden grass , and the gardens were surrounded by a high wall .
within the walls , men and women strolled languidly through the flowers , or sat on benches beneath silverwoods and whisperwinds .
a flower slowly unfurling its petals .
in the center of it was a rabbit paperweight , white resin with little blue flowers .
last i 'd seen them , pink blossoms had covered almost every square inch of the branches .
made of tan gauze scattered with a design of tiny yellow flowers , it had an empire waist and a clingy little skirt that went to my knees .
her loose peasant blouse was patterned in mauve and yellow flowers , and crystal beads hung around her neck .
they were thick and heavy - leaved , filled with pretty yellow blossoms .
the walls were painted pale gray and matched the bedspread , a pattern of purple and grayish blue flowers .
the air was sharp and clean , filled with the fragrance of desert flowers .
peaches and greens and all the colors of the cacti flowers looking up at the clear blue , blue of the sky .
a tiny lizard scurried off behind a rock , and i heard what sounded like a hummingbird - or a big - ass bee - in a cluster of nearby flowers .
` ` no , thank you , sir ; i am all over dirt , '' laurence said , eyeing the beautiful drapery , pale orange and patterned with flowers .
the chinese visitors were grown more ambitious , and had begun to throw gifts of flowers aboard , and other things also , less innocuous .
` ` perhaps mei and shu will take xiang to see the flowers more closely , '' she said , using temeraire 's chinese name .
the moon had risen , and he was very beautiful to look at in the silver light , with the blossom - heavy trees on either side hanging low above him and a dappled reflection in the pond , all his scales gleaming .
the performance was baffling , of course , being entirely transacted in chinese , but the movement of the scenery and the participants was clever : figures rose and dropped between the three different levels , flowers bloomed , clouds floated by , the sun and moon rose and set ; all amid elaborate dances and mock swordplay .
in view , a graceful nine - arched bridge crossed the pond , mirrored in black shadows against the water now dyed yellow - orange with the reflections of the late sunlight , the lotus flowers closing up for the night .
i think the almonds and the cherries blossomed earlier in those years and the blossoms lasted longer ; how they hung on in such winds i do n't know , for i see the boughs always rocking and dancing against blue - and - white skies , and their shadows flowing water - like over all the hills and valleys of psyche 's body .
pinnacles and buttresses leaped up - no memories of mine , you would think , could help me to imagine them - unbelievably tall and slender , pointed and prickly as if stone were shooting out into branch and flower .
it was clean and empty and there were none of the common temple smells about it , so that i thought it must belong to one of those small peaceful gods who are content with flowers and fruit for sacrifice .
at the very last , a final few containers were opened : and within them inside oilskin wrappings a second nested container , and within that another layer of oilskin , which folded back revealed at last rows upon rows of sealed wooden casks marked with characters upon the top : silver needle , white dragon , yellow flower , and when one of these was breached , the lovely fragrant smell of tea wafted nearly to the pavilion .
he caught just a glimpse of a bizarre , pink flower about the size of a manhole cover before it was on his face .
coming out of the place where one would expect a nose was a large rose - colored blossom rimmed with waving tentacles .
the pink flowers !
it came with memories of jungle heat and sweat and the smell of sweet deadly blossoms .
there were even potted plants dripping with pink flowers .
the valley was covered with vines , too , but these were more slender and graceful with delicate blossoms of every shade .
it was like a magnificent garden with those multicolored blossoms and that glorious smell and ... then he remembered the plants that had taken mange 's life .
at first he mistook them for flowers or some of the enticing fruit that hung from the vines .
the vines were covered with a million tiny silvery - white blossoms that seemed to sparkle in the lantern light .
and the smell ... oh , the smell of the flowers made him dizzy with happiness .
the scent of the flowers was making it hard to hold on , though .
he began to babble almost as soon as we encountered the silver flowers .
he still felt shaky from the silvery flowers .
into the pretty white blossoms that made you deliriously happy .
gregor could hear the tinkling of the white flowers and thought how easy it would be to walk into them and never come out .
she found that it contained people , heat and flowers - not flowers in bunches , but in pillars and towering stacks , filling most of the air with clouds of sticky perfume while the people below filled the rest of it with words , tightly packed .
but she still woman - handled her barrow to the square most evenings , where she sold whelks , shrimps , leather crabs , blossom prawns , monkey clams and her famous hot fish sticks .
their window was on the upper floor of the manor , and outside of it , banners set above the camp flapped against themselves : the banner of light and the dragon banner for rand , a much smaller blue flag bearing the three red kingspenny blossoms to mark the presence of house bashere .
gawyn immediately moved into apple blossoms in the wind .
her perfume smelled of apple blossoms .
when that ghostly place had vanished , it had left behind a meadow with butterflies and flowers .
egwene felt as if she could see the division that siuan had talked about , tents clumped together like bunches of sprouting flowers .
bleeding hearts sat in rows , with their tiny pink blossoms drooping from delicate three - pronged compound leaves .
was that lotus closes its blossom ?
a vase of freshly cut dara lilies and calima blossoms sat there , right where it should .
here and there the sickly grays and greens were relieved by a bright burst of tiny pink or violet flowers clustering around trickling streams .
he took a deep , long breath , and smelled ... apple blossoms ?
they were blooming , all of them , white flowers breaking out between the leaves .
the blossoms he 'd seen earlier had fallen free , and blanketed the ground in white , like snow .
he threw himself into the air as he passed one of these , the wind of his passing pulling a storm of crimson blossoms from the branches .
lazy butterflies floated from blossom to blossom , like curious children peeking into cupboards .
lazy butterflies floated from blossom to blossom , like curious children peeking into cupboards .
the blossoms were n't nearly as large as they should have been , and already they were wilting .
eventually , she dismissed them , but found herself lingering in the garden , standing between two planters holding bluebells , their clusters of tiny , vaselike blossoms drooping and wiggling in the breeze .
pollen and flowers .
a patch of violet springbreath grew here , where sunlight could reach the blossoms .
voracious insects buzzed from flower to flower , as if every bee in the city had come here to feed .
she seemed to grow more regal by the day ; it was like watching a flower blossom .
he fell into apple blossoms in the wind and began to shout .
talmanes moved into apple blossoms in the wind , striking forward wildly with a strength and fury to match the fire that was killing him .
blood rose like a blooming flower ; it caused the others to struggle all the more urgently .
grass sprouted in waves , red blossoms burst from the ground like a blush upon the land .
he stuck his head into an inn named the winter blossom , and immediately turned around and stalked away .
with those beautiful pink - throated white blossoms , the trees almost looked aflame .
apple blossom on the wind .
behind her , blossoms exploded onto the trees like fireworks , white and deep pink .
peach blossoms wafted to the now - green grass .
she turned , looking at rand , kneeling in the middle of a pattern of peach blossoms that seemed to have circled out from him .
yukiri looked her over , then reached out for the angreal , a small stone flower .
these were like leaves , tattooed from the back of the neck forward , going under the ears and spreading like blossoms on the cheeks .
that was enough to make fetid blood blossom in a spray .
a death - lily flower .
apple blossoms in the wind , with three quick strikes , forced demandred back .
he moved from shake dew from the branch , to apple blossoms in the wind , to stones fall in the pond - all forms that stabilized him in one position while fighting multiple opponents .
the butterchain trees were in bloom , the bright yellow blossoms spilling out of the gardens and hanging over the courtyard walls .
red flowers pushed up through the green , like specks of paint scattered on the floor following a painter 's daily work .
the last flickers of light showed plants growing here , flowers blooming , grass growing up around fallen weapons and over corpses .
a lot of grass , wild flowers , trees .
her smile blossoms again .
but as i come in line with the rock and duck around it , i catch sight of the beasts , no more than several metres behind , and my glee shrivels up like the petals of a flower at the heart of a furnace .
i saw trees full of flowers , and little towers way back away on the small rises , but there was no one in the fields .
i thought about the fig tree , and the glory of the vines with their peeping white flowers .
nothing moved but all the little flowers and leaves on the green vines that grew around us .
i loved the vines with their white flowers fluttering in the breeze .
it 'll be covered with red blossoms . ''
the blossoms were gone from the almond trees , but so many other trees were full of beautiful leaves .
there was green and red embroidery along his tunic , a vine full of the tiniest flowers .
there were white flowers all over the vines , and the sky was very blue yet full of clean clouds that did n't mean rain .
and even to paint some of the flowers and leaves , though pretty much i filled in what the skilled painters had outlined for us .
the flowers are dead . ''
i remember feeling this perhaps for the very first time when we came to this place , all of us together , and i walked up the hill above nazareth and saw the green grass alive with flowers , the tiniest flowers - so many flowers , and all of it , grass and flowers and trees , moving as if in a great dance .
i remember feeling this perhaps for the very first time when we came to this place , all of us together , and i walked up the hill above nazareth and saw the green grass alive with flowers , the tiniest flowers - so many flowers , and all of it , grass and flowers and trees , moving as if in a great dance .
i remember feeling this perhaps for the very first time when we came to this place , all of us together , and i walked up the hill above nazareth and saw the green grass alive with flowers , the tiniest flowers - so many flowers , and all of it , grass and flowers and trees , moving as if in a great dance .
he wore a linen tunic , embroidered with a border of green leaves and red flowers , each little floret glistening with gold thread .
he drew closer , lifting the edge of his sleeve so that he himself might admire the embroidery , the sharply pointed leaves , the flowers exploding in crimson thread .
i was clothed in linen robes , robes trimmed in embroidered leaf and flower .
out of the baskets , the little ones took the exquisitely made garlands of ivy and white - petaled flowers , and placed a garland on every bowed head .
we were as a vast field of spring flowers united in one gentle current of tender breeze .
and there was a framed picture standing there , of the remarkable gentlemen all together in a more informal gathering , under garlands of flowers , with wineglasses in their hands .
the orchid trees were magnificent , well over eight feet tall and filled with pinkish - purple blossoms , though some had been a little damaged in transit .
nothing now remained of the monster but a few dark streaks on the woven fabric of the carpet , streaks dissolving into the rosy flowers and the twining green leaves .
and the sight of the orchid trees inclining towards each other , and dripping those gorgeous pinkish - purple blossoms , filled him with happiness .
as always , she weighed nothing ; she was fragrant and sweet as if he carried bundles of flowers close to him for their luscious scent .
he walked slowly through the great generous gray - barked oaks , carrying her , stopping here and there so they could kiss , so he could move his left paw under her sweater and feel the hot silky naked flesh there , so moist , so bare , so redolent of citrus and blossoms he couldn , t name and the stark searing scent of her living flesh .
and the orchid trees were fully recovered from their long journey and heavy with spectacular blossoms .
the wind carried the scent of fields , of flower , of earth baked by sun and soaked with rain .
` ` but i know this and it , s what all people know now , that every particle of life explodes from mutation , from the accidental combining of elements on every level , that accident is the indispensable nuclear power of the universe , that nothing advances without it , without a reckless and random blundering , whether it is seeds ripped from a dying flower by the wind , or pollen carried on the tiny feet of winged insects or blind fish tunneling into caverns of the deep to consume life forms undreamt of by those on the surface of the planet above .
yellow flowers in the wallpaper .
her white nightgown was starched and pressed , with faded flowers embroidered at the neck .
reuben was dazed , aware of shifting movements , gestures , and seeming whispers teeming almost like the drone of insects in midsummer around flowers , trying to fasten on this detail or that - long red hair , fair hair , gray hair , eyes flitting over him , dancing over the table , the wildly flickering candles , and even hands touching him , touching his shoulders , brushing his cheek , stroking his head .
somebody had recently been talking about hats , hats like those with big brims and flowers .
and it was a gorgeous hat , made of green felt with crushed silk flowers .
lifting his eyes , he looked up into the purple blossoms of the trees .
these trees had been brought over hundreds and hundreds of miles on account of the living marchent , and they were alive now and bent low with shivering blossoms and marchent was dead .
giant old rhododendrons grew beyond the trellises in both directions , and when they came into bloom , said felix , they would be a vision of purple blossoms .
from out of the air it seemed flower petals were falling down on them .
in the light of the flickering candles , in the light of the flickering fire , he saw the purple blossoms of the orchid trees dripping down from the airy shadows .
with the escorts on our heels , hagne walked me through several corridors , outside through another courtyard with bright red , overflowing flowers in giant clay pots .
as we neared a small fruit orchard overlooking the ocean , another large structure - with soaring pillars , large doorways , and more flowers - came into view .
oleander shrubs , with their white flowers and fatally toxic leaves , dotted the borders of the bed .
and in the very center , the wide branches of a brugmansia plant with its large , drooping angel trumpet flowers .
the plant beside the message had little starburst clusters of white flowers .
long - stemmed grasses shivered in the light breeze , dotted by pale red flowers with white stamens that sparkled in the sun .
bowls of flowers filled the room with a sweet fragrance .
now and then she paused and gazed up at the sky , and then she moved on , her head turning slowly from side to side , examining everything she passed - flowers , leaves , rocks , a fat brown caterpillar .
the quilt on her bed was dark blue ; the curtains at the window were white with tiny red flowers .
there were a myriad of flowers and other plants growing there and she touched them all , stopping to smell the flowers , marveling at the silky feel of one of the blossoms , amazed that there were flowers at all when winter winds blew .
there were a myriad of flowers and other plants growing there and she touched them all , stopping to smell the flowers , marveling at the silky feel of one of the blossoms , amazed that there were flowers at all when winter winds blew .
there were a myriad of flowers and other plants growing there and she touched them all , stopping to smell the flowers , marveling at the silky feel of one of the blossoms , amazed that there were flowers at all when winter winds blew .
it grieved him to think of her locked in darkness , unable to see the people she loved , the beauty of a summer 's day , the glory of autumn 's changing leaves , the flowers that bloomed in rainbow colors on the hillsides in the spring , winter 's first snowfall .
holding channa leigh 's hand , he walked her through the yard , describing the trees , the plants , the flowers , the birds .
the garden was like a fairyland , filled with plants in myriad shades of green and flowers in all the colors of the rainbow - bright reds and blues , violet and lavender , yellow and orange and pink .
she walked through the flowers , pausing to touch this one , to smell that one , to stare in wonder at a tall plant with brilliant white flowers and sharp black thorns .
though she could not see , she used her other senses to the fullest , running her hands over the thick velvety grass when they stopped near a river , listening to the birds as they chirped in the treetops , picking a handful of sweet - smelling flowers .
they were in a small dell surrounded by lacy ferns and night - blooming flowers that filled the air with a sweet perfume .
sweet - smelling flowers grew in clumps of bright pink and lavender , pale blue and purest white .
allie , levi , and their attendants stood on the sand under a white archway decorated with tropical flowers .
` ` to live in a flower . ''
he chews moodily , noisily , occasionally letting a bit of cheese drop onto the wax paper the sandwich came in , now unfurled on the table like a stiff white flower .
it was june , still those early days of summer when the flowers were in riot and the clouds puffed up and full of themselves , before the heat caused everything to wilt and droop .
i hardly remember the memorial , the speeches , the wreaths of flowers .
the greenhouse he remembered was a jungle , a riot of flowers as big as a child 's head , trembling with moisture , humid and exotic and totally off - limits .
hair teeth mouth , br**sts small as two bare flower buds .
her hair smelled like flowers .
there 's no podium , no priest - just a small standing microphone that minna rented , a half - dozen flower arrangements , and a huge cardboard poster of richard walker 's face , a professional shot he must have had taken for his company .
i prayed for her to wither , like a flower on a stalk .
i m making orange blossom tea .
nazimova reached over and poured them both some more orange blossom tea .
for three years of saturdays , they had shared orange blossom tea and cookies and talked of everything from will rogers latest observations ( she usually laughed at them , he not so much ) to president roosevelts new deal ( they were both big fans ) to the pros and cons of ernest hemingway ( he liked hemingways writing , she detested it . )
raised to be a southern lady , all genteel - like , with nothing but magnolia blossoms and big floppy sun hats to fuss over .
the pink - purple flowers burst with color so bright it almost hurt to gaze at them .
and then recently he surprised me with flowers and chocolates and perfume .
as she motioned for them all to take a seat , dorothy murmured something about making orange blossom tea and left the room .
yellow flower , say somethin to ole zack here , mason smiled .
take care of your sister and the baby and be sure to look in on yellow flower and lena everyday .
i do nt know the names of flowers , i am afraid .
you can point out which flowers you like and i shall name them for you .
what are those little violet flowers ?
they have lovely purple flower spikes dusted with orange when they are in bloom .
the reds , yellows and oranges of freshly opening blossoms were brilliant against the green foliage .
he looked up , nodded at her , then put his head down again and pulled vigorously at a flower .
the sun shone too brightly , and the flowers were gaudy and common in their disarray .
bright yellow calendula , wall - flowers yellow and red , white candy - tuft , and the little purple flowers of heliotrope growing scattered everywhere .
bright yellow calendula , wall - flowers yellow and red , white candy - tuft , and the little purple flowers of heliotrope growing scattered everywhere .
the shopkeeper proposed a french gown made of spitalfields silk with pink stripes and flower patterns , gold and silver lace decorations and double - flounced cuffs .
the gauzy silk apron was adorned with chenille flowers that reminded her of the kent garden that she had left so far behind .
the shopkeeper returned with a similar silk gown festooned with blue stripes , red flowers and double - flounced cuffs , but without the gold and silver lace decoration .
mrs . dean gave her a small nosegay of bright flowers with which she pinned the mantelet at susans bosom .
john pulled some flowers from behind his back , and she smiled at the cascading sweet peas .
st . lukes cathedral was filled with aromatic and colorful flowers and candles .
off we went , therefore , to immerse ourselves in silks and muslins , gloves and fans and buckles and ribbons ; straw hats adorned with highly - colored fruits and flowers ; self - important dress - makers with decisive but respectful opinions and exhausted minions staggering under the weight of pattern - books ; a shoe - maker who was strangely astonished , and not a little disappointed , to find that my mother desired him to make for us several pairs of shoes , rather than to pay him to instruct us in how to do so ourselves : a most peculiar bit of whimsy , which has apparently begun to gain popularity in certain quarters .
the flowers were now in blossom , and it seemed to frances that the facade of the house was bathed in a profusion of pink blooms .
the flowers were now in blossom , and it seemed to frances that the facade of the house was bathed in a profusion of pink blooms .
it too was in flower , and as frances bent over one of the bushes to sniff the redolent , purple flowers , the sound of crunching gravel diverted her attention .
when louisa wentworth and her niece finally arrived at riverview , the house was awash with flowers , servants , jollity and conversation .
in every room there was a flutter of activity , and a profusion of fashionably dressed women , resplendent in their smiles , voluminous gowns and colourful hats festooned with flowers , plumes and ribbons .
on the day before christmas , when expectations were running high , the spare rooms at wintersleigh were fitted up for the guests , and as family tradition dictated , christmas presents were wrapped , the house was decorated with colourful wreaths of flowers , and last , but not least , the wentworth family christmas tree was erected in the drawing room .
on top of the snow white tablecloth of the finest damask sat stunning arrays of flowers , ferns and mosses , along with a beautiful collection of china , polished plates and gleaming glasses .
as she moved , her new bonnet , decorated with black chiffon wings and flowers quaked .
on this particular occasion the chamber was lined with a green wilderness of giant parlour palms , vases of fern and flower arrangements and a row of chairs , for those individuals who were not inclined to dance , and who preferred to watch the proceedings from the comfort of their own chair .
it is the traditional flower .
from this room he received his friends and family visitors , not to mention many of his patients , who came to offer him their good wishes , bunches of home - grown flowers , and bottles of home - made relishes and jams .
frances and charlotte instinctively peered in through the window of the carriage , expecting to see the bride - to - be and her bridesmaids enshrouded by mists of white satin , ferns and orange blossoms .
at first his eyes had shown open interest in the multi - colored threads , worked together in perfectly placed stitches to form beautiful flowers , birds and butterflies .
the girls were barefoot on a soft carpet of grass , there was sunlight and bird song and fresh blossom that made you think of spring .
the flowers and the bird song and a brightness to the light lifted everybodys spirits .
william produced for eadie a most exquisitely carved model of a rose stem and flower , exactly life sized , in wood , glowing with the warmth of much polishing .
from then on , he believed that love could grow many different blossoms because the seed was the same in everyone , planted in us at birth by god .
he no longer dwelled on hate because it was everywhere , saturating the air like seawater , until it dripped from the trees , drowning the few remaining blossoms of reason .
everywhere , in the windows and along the countertops , brightly colored flowers sat in an odd array of containers , bringing their own special joy to the souls eye .
shaken by marias perception , erich closed the book and sat silent for a few moments , staring at a particular small rose that seemed to be struggling against the larger blossoms for its own place in the sun .
chapter 2 flowers of all varieties begin to break through the ground , bringing with them new life and a new beginning .
this flower is from jacquemin .
fleur , in french , means flower .
with new purpose , everything that he sees now looks and feels so different : the air smells sweet ; the colors of the trees , flowers and even the weeds are so vivid .
i expect a man sends his ladybird flowers and such , does he not ?
she trusted him enough to relax and allow him to cast his own spell , opening herself like a bud come to flower .
her heart opened like a bud coming to flower .
delicate white flowers that brave a spring snow .
by then , the flowers , tributes , notes and poems of praise had already begun to arrive as news of the robbery , and gareth 's part in thwarting it , spread through ravenscombe and into the surrounding countryside .
gareth saw that he was holding a vase of flowers , which he had apparently brought upstairs with him .
as the carriage they 'd hired at abingdon 's lamb inn brought them down a drive bordered by budding roses , carefully clipped yew hedge , and damson , peach and cherry trees in full blossom , juliet could see the spire of st . helen 's , one of the town 's two ancient churches , thrusting above the trees a mile away .
sarah confirmed that one of her cows called blossom , had recently had cowpox .
its chamomile flowers and sassafras root with a touch of maple syrup .
bowers of thick green hung everywhere and the scent of spring flowers rose to greet her .
it stood four tiers tall and the white icing that covered it formed flowers and lattices of the most delicate nature .
she watched the first hint of daylight touch the darkness of the night and lifted her face into the breeze that stirred the magnolia blossoms around her .
the last of the summer blossoms were gone , but then , so many things that had once filled her life were gone ; the whimsical stories of rebecca nurse stilled forever by the hangman 's noose , her stepbrother samuel dead , her house in the village burned to the ground .
no sooner had she spoken than she stooped at a plant with pale - pink flowers and lobed deep - green leaves .
the palm bears only female flowers , and , since it 's the only palm in the area , forever virgin . ''
melaina saw desire within his smile , and felt her own yearning blossom as she knew it must n't .
the nature of dreams is such that they 're sometimes no more than memories of the day 's activities , but these remnants can be directed to become the seed wherefrom asklepios ' presence blossoms .
` ` o great goddess demeter , bringer of seasons , she who causes seed to sprout from fertile fields so the whole of broad earth teems with leaves and flowers , she whose holy rites bless those who have seen them , terrorize these barbarians , send your maelstrom of malevolent ecstasy , bring holy horror upon those who defiled your temple at eleusis , punish '' in the midst of her prayer , auroriana came up behind her , using myrrhine as her own human shield .
the good soul , pure from all dishonorable deeds , passes where ocean - breezes blow round the isle of the blest and flowers of gold blaze from radiant trees .
jewels sparkled in the candlelight and feathers trembled in the air ; fans fluttered in gloved hands , all was movement and colour from the sheen of silk and satin and the glitter of dress uniforms covered in gold epaulettes , with huge flower arrangements everywhere .
chapter two little barrels , roped and tarred , all full of brandywine the journey had been relatively uneventful , and the countryside was lovely in all its spring lushness with the apple blossom in full bloom and lambs frisky in the meadows beside their mothers .
music filled the air and the well - proportioned room was prettily decorated with garlands of flowers .
she had but one really presentable gowna blue spotted muslin , sprigged with tiny garlands of red flowers .
the provisions , as sir charles called them , were of the finestbowls of dusky glowing peaches , smelling of warmth and sun , plates of macaroons and little cakes , frosted with colored sugar and dainty little iced flowers , and glasses of an excellent sherry and ratafia .
she held up the gown , a pale ivory muslin , embroidered with clusters of flowers at hem and sleeves and with a sash of blue silk .
the admirers she was most excited about were the fashionable french gentlemen , who flocked to the garnier night and day to shower her with praise , poetry , trinkets , and flowers until her dressing room was untraversable for all the vegetation .
but darling , blossom , empress , what did he do ?
the peach - colored silk shone in the morning light , seeming like a pink aurora borealis as the brilliant highlights , like cherry blossoms , and dark cerise shadows leapt and danced across the fabric .
from the low , off - the - shoulder neckline hung a black swath of gossamer , embroidered with ebony flowers and long , curling vines ; it fell all the way down to her elbows , obscuring the simple bodice underneath .
great trees formed bowers over benches that were separated from each other by an array of flowers and bushes .
little butterflies flew from flower to flower .
he does nt deserve to live , not after what he tried to do , but but what , my blossom ?
chapitre vingt - quatre : john 11:44 raoul stood outside the main doors of the opera garnier , arms full of flowers and boxes of belgian chocolates , growing rather annoyed .
but just the same , the flowers had been highly inconvenient to procure .
demanded raoul , furiously slamming the flowers down on the desk in front of him .
it was such a relief to know that the conniving womanizer in her dressing room months previousthough he was still a problemcould no longer ensnare his beautiful swedish blossom with his ridiculous lies .
he was holding a sword and wearing a ridiculous hat with what looked like flowers on it .
after breakfast , darling , allow me to prove my undying devotion and my sincere remorse for getting so angryill buy you anything you like ; chocolates , flowers , diamonds , gowns , anything .
i m rather busy , my blossom .
i smoked a number of cigarettes in the garden , on a fine and lovely may day , listening to mozart piano concertos , wafting through the open patio doors , wisteria blossom forming little drifts in the irregularities of the ancient paving stones over which i paced .
now there was a bee on the rose petal , it climbed over the flower , intent on pollen .
dahlia flowers bloomed near them , witnesses to an unspoiled , young love .
there was tall trees with flowers instead of leaves , and it was raining .
ivenets memoir to see a world in a grain of sand , and a heaven in a wild flower , hold infinity in the palm of your hand and eternity in an hour .
the walls are lined with plastic flowers .
the lush summer pastures , the forests teeming with birds , deer , fox and badger , the rolling hills where the goshawks and gyrfalcons hunted , the rushing streams and quiet pools full of trout and salmon and edged with jewel green moss and delicate flowers .
we entered a large room scented with sweet herbs and flowers .
bryns face flushed as bright as a cranesbill blossom , but he said nothing further .
the blossoms were formed of many tiny white flowers clustered together with one tiny purple flower in the center .
the blossoms were formed of many tiny white flowers clustered together with one tiny purple flower in the center .
the blossoms were formed of many tiny white flowers clustered together with one tiny purple flower in the center .
the flower waits for the right moment to bloom , to come forth in all its glory .
` ` but it was the drugs that did it , lad , what they call 'd affion and bhang , made out o ' poppy flowers and some kind of hemp .
the street was lined by plaster walls and the cool evening air bore the scent of flowers from their concealed gardens .
large bronze lanterns along the balconies furnished a flickering vision of the complex interworking of paths , flower beds , and fountains surrounding the central pavilion .
seeds of melons , cucumber , lettuce , and coriander are pounded , and then blended with rosewater , pomegranate essence , and juice of the aloe flower .
english countrywomen sometimes distill toilet water from the flowers in their gardens , but never in such quantities'that it can be used merely to wash hands .
he was surrounded by garlands of flowers .
chanting priests in ceremonial robes had stationed themselves near the large house , and an arabian mare , all white and bedecked with flowers , was tied at the entrance .
the servants also distributed garlands of yellow flowers , and as nadir sharif took his place next to hawksworth , he wrapped one of the garlands about his left wrist .
have you seen the round stone pillars wreathed in garlands of flowers ? ''
we honor them with flowers and fire and incense .
it was a silver nutmeg , life - sized and topped with a tiny gold flower .
when hawksworth reached the dais he bowed lightly , and as he drew himself up , arangbar seized the front of his doublet and dumped a basket of gold foil flowers down the front of his shirt .
her eyes and eyebrows were painted dark with kohl and her lips were a brilliant red without a word she took a garland of yellow flowers from the bed and gently slipped it over his head .
a second garland of flowers lay on the bed next to the one she had taken .
the eunuchs also brought in sprays of flowers containing disguised fireworks wheels , which were ignited as they entered to create a startling , fiery garden of color .
in the lamplight he could see the horse was covered with a fine brocade tapestry , into which fresh flowers had been woven .
the maharana sent a vial of musk perfume to shirin , buried in a basket of flowers .
it soon revealed itself to be a matrix of bubbling fountains and geometrical stone walkways , beside which rows of brightly colored flowers bloomed .
like a bud just before it bursts into flower .
the outside will be covered with verses from the quran carved in marble , and inside the walls will be a garden of jeweled flowers .
the cool air was crisp and flower - scented , and the sound rose gently upward toward the marble cupola above them .
he played on and on , the intensity of the alap growing organically , almost of its own self , until it burst to completion , like a flower that had gloriously escaped the entrapment of its bud .
the fumes hovering over the dish billowed into a huge yellow blossom , and the table erupted with a cheer .
during the night its tiny red blossoms would flood their room with a sweet , almost cloying fragrance , so they woke every morning to a day bathed in perfume .
while her mare pawed and tugged at the traces , she took a deep breath and watched as a gust of wind sent the blood - red blossoms from a grove of cordia trees fleeing across the road .
slowly , silently , the moon at the window darkens , as a shadow blossoms through the airless space , and in her dream the form becomes the ancient babalawo of pernambuco , hovering above her .
the drums were sounding and the plantation air was scented by a spray of white blossoms that drifted down from the spreading tree .
again the blossoms of pernambuco drifted down , tiny points of fire as they settled against her face , and she began to hum a simple portuguese song she had known as a child .
already the flame had scaled the reed walls of the curing house , and now it burst through the thatched roof like the opening of a lush tropical flower .
flower or tree .
he dreamt of deep , quiet waters , of rushes with the rusty flowers of summer , of birds abob fast asleep : bor nor .
she thought they were like a fading , dying tulip blossom that becomes most beautiful just before the petals fall away .
the firmer lands flourished with trees and plants , whether in the form of forests of beech and pine trees or rolling pastures speckled with shrubs of golden flowers .
she took little comfort in the soft yellow sunshine , the tart spring breeze , or the fields of budding flowers .
the town and surrounding fields of wenlock were astonishingly beautiful , full of gnarled old trees that whispered in the breeze , bright purple flowers that glowed in the sunlight , and silvery limestone rocks that formed an escarpment along the road .
she had red , yellow and pink flowers brightly painted on her face and arms .
with the multiple cleaning agents they used and the blossoms everywhere , the house was beginning to look and smell like the girls owned the place .
the island was awash in cherry blossoms as they made their way from the river landing to mingarry farm .
and i wore white : ivory - coloured silk with white flowers in my hair .
but finally in the bottom of one of the trunks , i came across an old - fashioned , long - waisted gown in buttercup yellow satin with inset panels of white satin trimmed with tiny pink flowers .
the assembly rooms had been decorated for the dance , all draped in garlands of flowers .
after the guests had all arrived , we went into the ballroomwhich looked magical , all decked with garlands of flowers and with potted palms arranged in the corners and candles glowing in the chandeliers and sconces on the walls .
daisy picked up a porcelain model of a bunch of flowers , and when she noticed the head of one of them was loose , she panicked , hoping she would nt get the blame .
they had their own allotment garden round the other side of the house , where mrs hurley grew an array of vegetables ; but daisy liked this one , with its tall palm trees and brightly coloured flowers shed never seen before .
inside was a cupcake that ma bichette had festooned with multicolored icing and candied flowers and sparkly sugar crystals and all manner of girly things to the extent that it looked like what a unicorn might cough up if it was a heavy smoker .
the fields blossomed by dotted red anemones and poppys and stains of yellow grounsel flowers .
he bestrow us the flowers with a good smell .
like a special colored rare flower or a peculiar singing nightingale .
i would like to tell you , said the flower priest , that we , here in the temple- do nt worship the calf , nor do we call him god .
tell the prophet that ill come , whispered flower priest benjamin , who was the disguised bat - el .
suddenly the crowd stopped arguing , having discerned three flower priests .
the high priest climbed it , indicating flower priests to hush the public .
it was full of colorful flowers , planted between nuts and apples trees .
yehoyada indicated the flower priests to release mathan .
the flower priest said that one of the mountains tops had been determined as the gathering center for the celbrators .
they were cleaning their teeth with good smelling leaves of mentol and flowers of lavender .
he called two flower priests who drove him from the temple .
two flower priest came in from the side wicket , and were approaching the quarreling queen .
inside that tent for the headquarters staff - was a physician , a young flower priest , equipped with some medical grasses , drugs made of some flowers and plants essences , and pure water for washing infected wounds .
few flower priests and armed warriors had already gathered there .
he asked only one flower priest to escort him to the right side of the courtyard , where the old chamber for the priests wash was located , beside a wooden storehouse .
yehoyada indicated a flower priest and abner to come and stand near the boy .
the petite girl with doe - like eyes , heart - shaped lips , and a porcelain - like complexion wore a lavender - pink dress with an applique of white flowers around the neck .
a tall vase with summer flowers centered the table .
arlette smiled at the flowers , then slipped her arm around davids waist .
he reached behind a low , but wide , arrangement of plastic flowers above the hutch and retrieved a .45 caliber colt pistol .
a man appeared from within , short , fat and immaculately dressed , with a newly cut flower in the buttonhole of his expensive suit , and told the men , in english , that the doctor had given notice and gone away .
and , if you wish , attend a little to the flowers .
she opened like an exploding flower .
he picked a handful of purple blossoms and carried them to ann 's deli .
you have filled the cathedral with flowers ; organist and choirmaster poised you stand there expectant dressed in your best suit .
levering a shell into his rifle , deacon fired again , seeing a blossom of red erupt below his targets breastbone and a plume of red coat the wall as he crumpled and fell .
its flower was the act of offering oneself cruciform to the world , in imitatio christi .
he besieged her with flowers and love cards gushing with volcanic emotions and protestations of unquenchable desires .
love and blossom !
stepping up next to her , taking her hand , char , in a flaming red matron of honor sheath set off by a headdress wreath of violet blossoms , settled everything by sweetly voicing , these are our sisters .
often i dream of him , dream that we are walking together through a meadow of wild flowers .
passing the purple glory of the copper beeches , the darkness of the rhododendrons interspersed with the silvery bark of the birches , she looked out for the deer that would wander through to the luscious meadows now filled with the scents and colours of wild flowers , the pinks , purples , reds and white inviting one to roam , touch and smell .
* * * after leaving a village of terraced cottages with tiny gardens profuse with wild flowers , they drove past an old farm slumbering in the sun .
the trees are green , the flowers are in full bloom , temperatures are in the seventies .
lifting the flowers from their box she noticed they were arranged as a corsage including two attaching pins .
holding out the flowers she turned to henry .
elise took my arm as she usually did , and we strolled among flowers and grasses and along the river .
i was waiting to see soisson descend like some god from the sky , but they just had him walk from the back of the room while crazed supporters threw flowers or hugged him until a security guard pulled them away .
sarah heated some water and sprinkled some kind of dried flower into it .
she filled the crocks with sprays of fragrant blossoms ranging from almost white to deep purple .
flowers grew larger , more vibrant blossoms .
a gaggle of mrs . conklins lady friends and their daughters made a ridiculous show of strewing the coffin with flowers .
on the platform with bouquets of hothouse flowers stood annie and michael , who burst free of the macey sisters and ran to their father .
the men returned to spearing the water for mullet and barbel while the women plucked lotus flowers or speared for whiskered catfish .
between the green flowers on the papyrus stems , the arrow pointed .
with more words than breath , mu said , do you believe the new year promises blossoms ?
in the way of a lotus flower closing at dusk , she tucked her hands to her breast and bowed .
khufu inhaled her fragrance of figs and lotus flowers .
near the pathways end , palms swayed above three ponds where white and blue lotus flowers floated .
i can detect , solely by scent , which rose flower grows on which bush .
the couple wended near the wooden - framed greenhouse , draped with linen and nightshades violet flowers .
torchlight sputtered onto lotus flowers floating in a stone pond .
the god - king strode to his pond and plucked out a lotus blossom .
lotus blossoms floated on its gemlike surface .
the prince strode into the center of khufus chamber , past the bed and canopy , lotus flowers in vases , lotus pond , scepters , ritual books , and opened volumes of poetry .
on the palaces barest ground , absent of vine , tree or flower , he found prince merhet wearing one of theormis gowns and a wig .
for minutes , he dozed content : an oasis of soft breezes and floating lotus flowers .
this has the essence of the lotus flower .
spotting the interior ponds lotus flowers , khufus face lit up .
he curled the blossoms onto the vine and draped the garland around her neck .
you shut your eyes and guessed from which bush grew a particular blossom .
the provisions were all of gold : a miniature pyramid , throne , flails , crooks , armlets , pectoral plates , razors , organ jars inlayed with yellow jasper , amulets studded with garnet and carnelian , vases lined in red quartz , and countless gold lotus flowers throughout .
a shot rang out , shattering the morning stillness , and the huge man suddenly clutched both hands to his midriff , where a large red blossom had opened , and as blood pumped from his abdomen , he sank slowly to his knees , then toppled face - forward into the gutter .
the colors in the church fell into peoples dreams like the blossom of the cherry trees and chased the dark colors of the dying winter away .
she also decorated the church with flowers inviting the soul on a mysterious journey through the spiritual world .
the bible turned into a field of flowers and the believers into bees feeding from the spiritual nectar opening the doors to the new jerusalem .
he ran behind a butterfly that flew from one flower to another .
a breeze carried the smell of the blossoming spring flowers over the green meadow .
he felt as if a thousand butterflies were caressing him at the same time , butterflies which had been sitting on spring flowers , filling the air with sweet - smelling pollen .
the monastery rose like a flower on the horizon .
the church in the middle of the monastery was like the blossom of the flower .
the church in the middle of the monastery was like the blossom of the flower .
the statue was decorated with flowers wearing a garment made by the women in the villages .
the air was saturated with the sweet smell of flowers .
the greatest difficulty that occurs to us is the saving of the artillery , particularly the heavy cannon ; but better that some of these were thrown into the river forth as that your royal highness should risk the flower of your army , which we apprehend must inevitably be the case if this retreat is not agreed to , and gone about without the loss of one moment .
there were flowers everywhere , and the tables were covered with fruits and meats , breads , cheeses , and tarts .
its my finest dressi dyed it a deep golden yellow myself , using the flowers of the saffron lilybut its much too heavy for this warm weather .
but strangest of all is the color of their feathers : a soft , blushing pink i ve seen on no other animal , though it reminds me of the honey - scented flowers that grow between tree roots in the spring .
these letters are full of flowers and birds spotted circling high above the trenches .
even the pale pink wallpaper with rose colored flowers did not highlight the flush in her cheeks as it had so many times before .
clinging to the trees , long willowing vines were covered with small white flowers which smelled of honeysuckle .
streams turned to warm sprinkles as the sun began to peek through , and bright blossoms slowly opened to reveal vibrant hues of spring .
as they moved along the road to tara , will talked on about the planting and the success with the newborn calves , and wade noticed the magnolia trees weighted down with large blossoms of soft white petals .
the walls were covered with pale yellow paper with small white flowers , and the room was filled with a tall crib , an armoire , a large rocking horse and rocking chair .
she dressed in the finest clothes , died in patterns of flowers and foliage .
he had the major streets and meeting areas festooned with banners and flowers .
he called for the assembly to meet , and mounted the speaker 's platform with a garland of flowers on his head .
he brought her gifts daily , a fruit or vegetable basket with some silver or gold coins in the bottom , flowers , or sweets from asia .
it was more spacious with a large open courtyard with flowers and a splashing fountain .
the temple was filled with guests who were flanked by candles and bouquets of flowers .
lunettes hair was caught up in a fantastically intricate bun , and adorned with fresh flowers , and her dress was elaborately embroidered with silver thread .
the house was like so many others in the city : a wooden , two - storied affair of modest proportions with a tiled roof and the almost mandatory cherry blossom tree rising mindfully in the corner of the compact garden , all of which was neatly hemmed in by large , wooden fencing , which rose up and obscured the view of any passer by to the goings on within the first floor .
setsu had been sitting beneath the cherry blossom tree , on a wooden bench , revising for her school exams , but all this had to wait once her younger brother had arrived with his great news .
after a moment of considered observation , masako decided that the cherry blossom in the vase needed to have its position altered , so that it pointed more directly to the kakejuku that was hanging on the wall behind it .
katsuhiro 's was a plain , navy blue as was the custom for males in a tea ceremony - whilst setsu 's was a pale pink with a deep red plum flower pattern .
these olive coloured legs moved as if setting themselves down on a cloud , and once on terra firma , their owner could make her full entrance : the view of the legs was curtailed at the knee by a white summer dress festooned in red flowers , gathered at the waist by a red belt , which in turn served to accentuate the roundness of the hips and bosom on the hour - glass figure .
with the desired look and feel now achieved , the zen attitude returned and setsu picked up the flower , placing it in her hair , just behind her right ear .
he kept a flow of conversation going throughout the meal and in the end she realized he had learned quite a lot about her : that the red rose was her favorite flower , that she favored pearls over diamonds and that byron did not hold so much pleasure for her as wordsworth .
the single most expensive purchase she had allowed herself was a beautiful ceramic pitcher and basin , covered in lavender flowers , which sat on her table along with a perfume of the same name .
her nightdress she had embroidered about the bodice with a summery string of flowers as though garlanded from a fine cutting garden .
the prince turned back to the arena and watched as flowers and scarves were thrown down on adrian as he rode the circuit once more ; this time as a victor not as a contestant .
vinnie and maria squeezed tatum in their typically over - zealous fashion , and then jennie passed tatum a bouquet of flowers and gave her a peck on the cheek .
it symbolizes the simultaneous nature of cause and effect , because ( unlike other plants ) it seeds and blossoms at the same time .
its hindu for lotus flower , representing east and west .
tomako had on a cherry blossom decorated kimono that had several shades of pink and some soft green cherry tree leaves on her obi .
she had on a soft green yukata with leaves and flowers spirally around and down the length of her body .
light blue with tropical flowers ? ''
they were covered in intricate designs of birds , flowers and butterflies , creatures so real that lizzie thought they looked as if they could take wing and fly away .
prince saleem wants to marry a slave girl anarkali ( pomegranate blossom ) .
saira was curious , how come a slave girl has got the name anarkali ( pomegranate blossom ) ?
the emperor named her anarkali ( pomegranate blossom ) because of her extraordinary beauty .
her name was also changed by the emperor to anarkali ( pomegranate blossom ) after this mujra .
the hue and aroma of the spring flowers created such a lovely ambience all over the mountain as well as the forest that the extraordinary decorations of the mughal palace or any other royal palace would be ashamed of .
in order to recognise which route you travelled earlier , save some symbol while breaking into a new path like breaking a branch of a tree , digging a hole and putting some branch having colourful leaves or flowers .
bunches of flowers created the scene of a large park no gardener could think of recreating even for the emperors and kings .
did nt ayaaz advise us for breaking a piece of a tree , digging a hole and putting some branch having colourful leaves or flowers whenever we change the way .
the plant generates flowers and fruits which is also another variation in form .
finally , she drugged him with a pomegranate blossom and left the palace with the guards after a tearful goodbye to the unconscious prince .
yes , she was nadeera before the emperor akbar bestowed her with a new name , anarkali : pomegranate blossom .
the plant grows and gives flowers and fruits .
he slid his hand along the fender and over the roof , like a breath of fresh wind over a meadow of flowers .
she held the flowers out to the little girl who shyly took them and ran inside .
jack met percy at the corner of jacks street and the two went and sat in the tree house , which was now littered with plum blossom .
epilogue 1914 mary gazed outside to the playing fields which were framed by a border of spring flowers .
the bright colours of their clothing complimented the deep red , purple , and golden hues of the well - manicured flowers and shrubs .
with a slight hesitation , anne took the flower .
no matter what castle she lodged in , these same cheery images greeted her every morning : birds , and unicorns , flowers , and fruit , ladies , and knights .
fresh rushes on the ground marked the route , and garlands of brightly coloured flowers hung on buildings above .
peach blossoms .
shrugging , he spoke in as soft a voice as could and still be heard , why do you have a basket of peach blossoms ?
then he told me that whenever i felt lonesome for him , i could bring the blossoms here and toss a few into the sea .
whenever he was gone , nanette brought me here to drop the blossoms in the water .
nanette has been saving blossoms for me ever since i left .
she took the linen back from him and placed it back on top of the blossoms .
you came here to toss those blossoms in the sea .
do it with faith that the blossoms will be carried on the water to their intended destination .
with hesitation , anne took a handful of blossoms .
he raised his eyebrows and then let his blossoms go .
she studied the intricate design in the carpet that lay below her feet , concentrating on the golden hue that surrounded large scarlet flowers .
late one afternoon after the blossoms bloomed on the peach trees , marguerite informed anne that eleanor was expected in port within the next couple of days .
her eyes focused on an object resting on her large table , her peach blossom basket .
pulling back the cover , she saw it was filled with peach blossoms .
tiny blossoms , like those from a peach tree , floated in the water .
when raymond of castile arrived , the people of marseilles were at the gates and greeted him , not with a cascade of flowers , but of eggs , rotting fruit , and a chorus of , usurper go home .
in the spring you can gather blossoms to spread in the river .
the sky rained peach blossoms .
thousands of peach blossoms floated about , carried on a gentle breeze .
laughing , philip knelt down , scooped up a handful of peach blossoms and placed them in the pouch hanging from his belt .
i suppose you have a big cake and flowers and the whole nine yards .
i never went in for all that elaborate flowers and organ music and party favors and whatnot .
quickly filling their hands with flowers , they slowly stand up .
if you think that the flowers are beautiful where we live , you will be amazed at the varieties of orchids and red heart shaped flowers that cover the ground .
if you think that the flowers are beautiful where we live , you will be amazed at the varieties of orchids and red heart shaped flowers that cover the ground .
she begins to run through a garden of palm trees with scattered anthuriums and their colorful flowers and vines covering the pathway to treasure cove .
may snow flower and blue cloud add magic to your trip , grace says with a smile .
ill stay on deck and help snow flower .
she and sadie decorated the small chapel in dawson with flowers and ribbons .
dean and tessa bid them goodbye and drove off in their buggy , which had been decorated with ribbons and flowers .
when they arrived there , they found it decorated with flowers and filled with gaily - dressed friends and relatives .
it also described techniques for crossing one plant with another , blossom anatomy , and , after pollination , how to collect the seeds ; all topics which were to be critical in mendel 's own work .
he probably guessed that the ' element ' for seed color came in ( at least ) two forms ; yellow and green , or flower color ; white and purple .
so he tested this idea by artificially fertilizing one form of a plant ( purple flowers ) using ' elements ' from a plant showing the alternate form ( white flowers ) .
so he tested this idea by artificially fertilizing one form of a plant ( purple flowers ) using ' elements ' from a plant showing the alternate form ( white flowers ) .
the flower structure is such in this species that pollen from the stamens will fall directly onto the pistil .
all the reproductive organs of the flower being inside the protective covering of the keel .
if we represent the gene for normal flower color using a letter ` ` r '' , a ` ` pure breeding '' plant that always produced offspring with normal flowers would contain two of these genes , thus rr .
if we represent the gene for normal flower color using a letter ` ` r '' , a ` ` pure breeding '' plant that always produced offspring with normal flowers would contain two of these genes , thus rr .
similarly , if we represent a damaged or mutant gene using the letter ` ` r '' , a plant with two of these genes , rr will show the altered ( mutant ) flower color .
it starts with reproductive cells produced in the male and female sex organs of the flower .
stuck to the back of a bee , pollen moves from one flower to another .
as the carrier feeds off the next flower the pollen is shed into the area of the ovary and can be picked up by the sticky stigma .
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ flowers and fertilization flowers are the reproductive structures of angiosperm plants .
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ flowers and fertilization flowers are the reproductive structures of angiosperm plants .
after fertilization the seeds start to develop inside the flower , which usually withers away .
the flower is eventually replaced by the fruit ( if the plant has one ) .
inside the protective petals ( called the keel in this case ) of mendel 's flowers , he found the male and female organs .
the male parts of the flower are long , thin filaments that hold at their tip , anthers where the male pollen grains are produced .
in many flowering plants , insects and other carriers , arrive at the flowers attracted by the color and the promise of nectar .
they push their way into the flower and pick up the pollen on the backs or tongues .
they then travel to other flowers and inadvertently place the male pollen onto the stigmas of female parts .
this keel hides the anthers and ovaries , so normally these flowers are self - fertilizing .
mendel , in his experiments , would artificially move pollen from the flowers of one plant onto the styles of ovaries of another plant .
flower color is a good example of such a characteristic , but only if every plant in every generation bears flowers with a distinct and unambiguous color .
flower color is a good example of such a characteristic , but only if every plant in every generation bears flowers with a distinct and unambiguous color .
for example , most people would agree that a bright red flower is distinct and different from a yellow flower .
for example , most people would agree that a bright red flower is distinct and different from a yellow flower .
such a characteristic allows for precise , ` ` objective '' measurement ; there is no disagreement which flower is red and which flower is yellow .
such a characteristic allows for precise , ` ` objective '' measurement ; there is no disagreement which flower is red and which flower is yellow .
like many other plants , the flowers of the pea possess both male and female reproductive organs , which , under normal circumstances , will self - fertilize .
to mendel , however , the special advantage with pisum was that the keel ( a part of the flower ) covers the reproductive organs .
unless the flower is damaged , there is no possibility of different pollen coming from other flowers and messing up his results .
unless the flower is damaged , there is no possibility of different pollen coming from other flowers and messing up his results .
one plant had purple flowers and the other plant had white flowers ) all the plants that grew from these seeds ( the f1 or first filial , generation ) showed a single characteristic ( purple flowers in this case ) .
one plant had purple flowers and the other plant had white flowers ) all the plants that grew from these seeds ( the f1 or first filial , generation ) showed a single characteristic ( purple flowers in this case ) .
one plant had purple flowers and the other plant had white flowers ) all the plants that grew from these seeds ( the f1 or first filial , generation ) showed a single characteristic ( purple flowers in this case ) .
these were ; flower color : purple - white seed color : yellow - green seed shape : round - wrinkled pod color : green - yellow pod shape : round - constricted flower position : axial - top plant height : tall - dwarf after these plants had grown to maturity mendel allowed them to self - pollinate and once again collected the seeds , which he planted the next spring and grew into the f2 or second filial generation .
these were ; flower color : purple - white seed color : yellow - green seed shape : round - wrinkled pod color : green - yellow pod shape : round - constricted flower position : axial - top plant height : tall - dwarf after these plants had grown to maturity mendel allowed them to self - pollinate and once again collected the seeds , which he planted the next spring and grew into the f2 or second filial generation .
these f2 plants showed both characteristics ; some had , for example , purple flowers and some had white flowers .
these f2 plants showed both characteristics ; some had , for example , purple flowers and some had white flowers .
when he counted up the f2 plants he found that ; trait - dominant form to recessive form - -ratio- flower color - 705 to 224 - - 3.15 : 1 seed color - 6022 to 2001 - - 3.01 : 1 seed shape - 5474 to 1850 - - 2.96 : 1 pod color - 428 to 152 - - 2.82 : 1 pod shape - 882 to 299 - - 2.95 : 1 flower position - 651 to 207 - - 3.14 : 1 plant height - 787 to 227 - - 2.84 : 1 no matter what the actual raw numbers he counted , when he divided the number of dominant forms by the number recessive forms , the ratio always came out very close to 3 : 1 .
when he counted up the f2 plants he found that ; trait - dominant form to recessive form - -ratio- flower color - 705 to 224 - - 3.15 : 1 seed color - 6022 to 2001 - - 3.01 : 1 seed shape - 5474 to 1850 - - 2.96 : 1 pod color - 428 to 152 - - 2.82 : 1 pod shape - 882 to 299 - - 2.95 : 1 flower position - 651 to 207 - - 3.14 : 1 plant height - 787 to 227 - - 2.84 : 1 no matter what the actual raw numbers he counted , when he divided the number of dominant forms by the number recessive forms , the ratio always came out very close to 3 : 1 .
the location was the usual faux chateau , circle drive out front , white lacquered walls inside , lots of flowers in golden vases , chandeliers dripping with glass , basically all the subtlety of a punch in the face .
in the meantime , they could talk about dresses , guest lists , flower arrangements , stuff that entertained her younger sisters for hours .
this guy has a flower mill which produces flower to make baked goods .
like a flower opening up to the light , the fire blossomed ... but at super speed .
jordan tried different vegetable matter , leaves , flowers , stalks and roots , never quite sure when he was betting his life on something really dangerous .
he saw a parachute blossom in the sky , then another plane raked it with a burst , shredding the silk and the body , plummeted hundreds of feet .
but jordan wondered if the pilot had survived ; the divine wind had carried off so many of the young , blown away like cherry blossoms in may .
i m looking for lila blossom walker ; she worked ... where did she work ?
i think you call her blossom .
no blossom .
maybe ... a blossom picked early ... hideki read even more quietly the rest of the script .
is she not lila blossom ?
the child was next to her mother , the post said ; jody ... where blossoms fell .
lila blossom .
` ` yes , well '' rosalind touched the flower .
i kept receiving the flowers without even a tiny hint of who was leaving them for me .
he bent down and in one swoop , picked the brightest purple flower growing in a small batch on the ground .
chapter 26 : valentina again , the flowers stopped coming and even though i was relieved , i missed the instant shot of joy they brought me when i d find them .
chapter 32 : valentina the flowers started coming to me again in their entire colorful splendor , blissfully ignorant of the darkness that had taken over me .
as i was about to ask him what he was doing , he pulled a sunflower from his pocketa perfect , bright - yellow flower .
` ` the flowers will not last .
one may run ragged after an elusive butterfly , but the lovely flower that stands apart often compels the curious monarch to alight and linger . ''
he said that jackson would walk amongst the paths of flowers , and hear the birds sing , however , he , pushmataha , would sadly see and hear these no more .
nora crenshaw , her flushed face obscured beneath a voluminous bonnet of spring flowers , stood and spoke .
meanwhile , mrs . larabee was gathering up the young ladies who would be presenting the first round of flowers to the general .
towering plants and richly scented flowers , lovingly bestowed from neighbors ' treasured gardens , embraced the performance area .
in general lafayette 's eyes , however , had fireworks magically emerged from the flowers , and a chorus of angels gifted everyone present with eternal life , the venerated hero would have been no less enchanted .
as i pushed my way back through the flowers , it occurred to me i was grateful for the excuse to leave .
the last six or so feet on each end was left for flower decorations and such .
but we worked out where the violinists would perform , where the food would be put , where the flowers , etc .
the room itself had been filled with flowers , candles , linen - draped tables , a long serving board for food and lots of chairs .
those are many of the same flowers you would have seen here in the seventeenth century , he said .
he pictured the overhanging leafy trees , the spring - fresh flowers , the quaint shops , the historical landmarks .
sarah wore a crown of flowers , james a crown of ivy .
two cups , a teapot , milk and sugar , a three - tier cake plate filled with savoury tarts on the lowest tier , delicate iced cakes on the middle tier , and candied fruit and flowers on the top .
you will note , however , that the flowers were not addressed to you , but to the lovely mrs bradshaw , he reminded her .
you sent my aunt a lot of flowers , lord avery .
lord avery must have left an order at the shop , because more flowers arrived the day after he left , and more the day after that .
the flowers kept arriving , different each day .
the ivy and ferns reappeared on the third day with zinnia flowers , and on the fourththe day the book arrivedirises .
the bouquet of white roses and daisies on the fifth day had the usual ivy and ferns , but sprigs of myrtle and rosemary had been added , and after that , the flowers changed every day but they always came with ivy , ferns , myrtle , and rosemary .
todays blossom is hollyhock .
after all , uncle , he has sent aunt gavrielle all those flowers and most of the notes , whitlow offered , finding his own remark enormously amusing .
the flowers , mama said , meant i send these flowers as an ambassador of my love , and i look to be happy in marriage .
her tambour was half filled with colourful flowers , bursting joyously across the canvas .
chapter six : a visit to the country the flowers kept coming , the type repeated , but in different combinations each day .
lady avery and mama had discovered a mutual love of embroidery , and of the language of flowers .
the flowers continued to arrive , and so did presents of produce from avery hall .
say it with flowers the language of flowers has a history stretching back to antiquity .
many cultures around the world have developed their own symbolism of flowers , but the symbolism known in the west mostly traces back to the harems of the ottoman empire .
in the early 18th century , charles ii , king of sweden , after living for five years in turkey , brought the language of flowers back to europe .
lady mary wortley montague , wife of the english ambassador to constantinople , also became fascinated with the way the ladies of the court used flowers to pass coded messages , and introduced the language of flowers to england .
lady mary wortley montague , wife of the english ambassador to constantinople , also became fascinated with the way the ladies of the court used flowers to pass coded messages , and introduced the language of flowers to england .
in 1805 , when candle was sending his gifts , the language of flowers was well known , but not yet as popular as it became in the victorian era , when several books were published giving common meanings .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
he carried a large bouquet of flowers , which he presented to mai .
you look like a dried up sponge that s grown three times as large and come back to life the way you soak up your familys love , benjamin said as he watched his wilted flower blossom .
but because you felt so sick this morning this afternoon the sun will shine brighter , the flowers will be prettier and life will be better because you can appreciate it all with fresh eyes .
beneath each leaded window a flower box hangs full of bright colors glowing in the rays of the setting sun .
that smell comes from the jasmine plant ; it has a powerful , sweet smelling blossom , replies mister bishop .
janie had a garden made up of all kinds of flowers .
a pig had to be procured , brought to the house and slaughtered ; a couple of extra male servants borrowed from one of the other etruscan households , to replace the women who could not serve on this occasion ; and the whole house decorated with laurel , ever green , and the few flowers that could found in the dreary roman spring .
the white heifer stood ready for sacrifice , garlanded with flowers , her horns shining with gilt .
and yet living on the aventine , where rose blossom blew in summer , and there was always the scent of rosemary in the air , egerius thought he 'd put enough distance between his life and the dourness of the romans .
she got mamarke to take the garlands off the originally intended sacrifice , a young ox , and put them on to the cow , which , attracted by the bright flowers , attempted to chew the garlands and was only dissuaded from eating them by a tap on the nose .
every roof glared with tile ; from every roof ridge , gorgons and griffons looked down , and the bright colours of painted terracotta flowers edged the eaves .
she took them to the gardens behind the house , through tall rooms with coffered ceilings of dark wood shining with gilded stars and flowers ; the perfumed smoke of incense drifted through the halls , while braziers slumbered in the corners .
vel and velthur , seianti and nerinai , arnza , avle and caile , and a trio of little ramthas , who still brought wild flowers every year 's day to their namesake ; nearly grown now , her children .
its sloping roof was covered with tall clumps of grass and dying , droopy summer - flowers .
she approached a pot of geraniums hanging from a bracket against the kitchen wall and , plucking a blossom , inserted it into the black knot of hair coiled at the back of her head .
the last of the spring blossoms were all used up in great garlands decorating the barn .
a worn persian carpet covered a dark oak floor , and the only decoration was the two simple blue jugs holding dried flowers sitting on either side of the mantel clock .
kathleen would soon bring in several vases of flowers to help sweeten the air .
to his relief , mrs . voss did n't seem to have noticed his hesitation , since she had risen to pinch off an offending blossom on one of the bouquets scattered around the room .
shrugging perceptibly at the bedraggled state of the flowers under her fingers , she turned back to nate and smiled .
fault lines crisscrossed the light brown slab of rock on which they stood , and from the crevices , delicate wild flowers the color of mustard , amethyst , and rose peeked shyly .
were going to have a huge feast , with music and flowers , and dancing .
it has the links enamelled to show alternately leaves and flowers in green and white .
and there was the chain enamelled with white flowers and green leaves .
the hansons have been established in washington so long that the whole family seems as much a part of the city as the cherry blossoms in the spring and the frozen mud in the winter .
the lane leading up to the house was sheltered by several cherry trees with early spring blossoms .
with an arm around his elbow , faith pointed out some rose bushes without blossoms .
the blossoms on the trees were almost in full bloom , choking the air with their thick perfumed smell .
the mild but wet winter had been kind to the land and a profusion of tiny white and purple blossoms decorated the hillside .
you can choose your granmamas flowers , and make the nosegay .
chapter 17 the birthday flowers delivered and portia freed from her duties for the evening , rose ate leftover ham with bread and cheese , much to portias dismay .
the oleander bushes out front were crushed and the beautiful white flowers , poisonous as they were beautiful , lay beneath tree branches from the live oak nearby .
the spring flowers were in full bloom and the weather was perfect .
she took her time to enjoy the clear night air , stooping occasionally to pick star lilies , a red - petaled plant with flowers that only revealed themselves at night and was the base for many of her fever suppressing remedies .
brightly painted flower boxes hung from every window , overflowing with even brighter red and purple autumn blossoms of every shape and size .
brightly painted flower boxes hung from every window , overflowing with even brighter red and purple autumn blossoms of every shape and size .
he was saved from responding by a cow passing a few feet in front of them with a towering headdress of pine branches interspersed with brilliant yellow flowers .
an exquisite vase sat in the middle of the table and was overflowing with gorgeous bright flowers .
the stripes stopped at a border underneath the crown molding , where delicate flowers seemed to be alive .
they quickly turned off the lights around the house and when they stood in the foyer again , kevin pointed at the flowers .
her blouse was loose , pale yellow , with mauve flowers that matched her skirt .
a huge bouquet of flowers greeted her .
she ignored the flowers and opened the door , intending to slam it in jakes face .
it was surrounded by several bouquets of flowers .
david had flowers and a bottle of wine in hand , and was humming as he approached the house .
she tugged him through the garden , pointing out the different species of flowers .
each flower held five pink petals rounding into a bowl .
luke scowled at the blossom .
she pointed to open white flowers with extended yellow stamens .
ugly wallpaper with flowers .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
she pulled on one of the tiny buds , the minuscule flower dry between her forefinger and thumb .
he left them at my door , natassia said , dreamily , her mood cheered the more she concentrated on the bright hues of the flower petals .
still , the house was bright and cheerful thanks to the white walls and plethora of silk flowers that adorned the interior with feminine confidence .
he liked to collect exotic flowers , masks , tribal artwork , primitive objects of superstition .
she felt a thrill of excitement blossom in her belly , slowly craw deliciously up her body to spread through her eighteen - year - old frame .
tall and many - windowed were the houses , and carved on every side with flowers and patterns whose dark symmetries dazzled the eye with a beauty more poignant than light .
and ever the small birds and the fountains sang , while the perfume of rare blossoms spread like a veil over that incredible garden .
there was everywhere a bewildering mass of fruit blossom -- apple , plum , pear , cherry .
she opened it with much impressment , assumed , of course , and showed a great bundle of white flowers .
they , like the lotus flower , make your trouble forgotten .
whilst she was speaking , lucas had been examining the flowers and smelling them .
why , these flowers are only common garlic . '
that the flowers were of medicinal value , and that the breathing of their odour was a part of the system of cure .
the whole of the window sashes reeked with it , and round lucas 's neck , over the silk handkerchief which van helsing made his keep on , was a rough chaplet of the same odorous flowers .
there was a wilderness of beautiful white flowers , and death was made as little repulsive as might be .
lucas lies in the tomb of his kin , a lordly death house in a lonely churchyard , away from teeming london , where the air is fresh , and the sun rises over hampstead hill , and where wild flowers grow of their own accord .
the tomb in the daytime , and when wreathed with fresh flowers , had looked grim and gruesome enough , but now , some days afterwards , when the flowers hung lank and dead , their whites turning to rust and their greens to browns , when the spider and the beetle had resumed their accustomed dominance , when the time - discoloured stone , and dust - encrusted mortar , and rusty , dank iron , and tarnished brass , and clouded silver - plating gave back the feeble glimmer of a candle , the effect was more miserable and sordid than could have been imagined .
' as she spoke she lifted a little silver crucifix and held it out to me , i being nearest to her , ' put these flowers round your neck , ' here she handed to me a wreath of withered garlic blossoms , ' for other enemies more mundane , this revolver and this knife , and for aid in all , these so small electric lamps , which you can fasten to your breast , and for all , and above all at the last , this , which we must not desecrate needless . '
the vase was certainly in need of fresh flowers , and her oil canvass was in need of inspiration .
but many of the preserves are improved to the point of qualifying as botanical gardens with paved , nature trails outlined in beautiful flowers ; countless ponds with lily pads and meditational gardens at the center of flowing creeks .
it is odd , but the first definite thing that came to my confused brain was an impression of the ugly green flowers in monotonous rows across the dingy , brown - stained wallpaper .
its funnel - shaped white flower opens for sex at night welcoming in and sticking to a steady clientele of moths and nocturnal insects .
she smelled of hibiscus , had flowers pinned into a short bob of glossy , raven hair .
in his dream , jacob clambers was staring into a full - length mirror , a mirror edged in dark chestnut details , a handcrafted frame of french victorian flowers , acanthus leaves , and vines all wreathed and tangled .
now that they were caked with blood and dirt , the flowers resembled something from an artist 's nightmare .
all golden and lovely it blazed in the sunset , with walls , temples , colonnades and arched bridges of veined marble , silver - basined fountains of prismatic spray in broad squares and perfumed gardens , and wide streets marching between delicate trees and blossom - laden urns and ivory statues in gleaming rows ; while on steep northward slopes climbed tiers of red roofs and old peaked gables harbouring little lanes of grassy cobbles .
the sun rose higher over gentle slopes of grove and lawn , and heightened the colours of the thousand flowers that starred each knoll and dangle .
all through its palaces of veined marble they revel by day , and when the sun sets they go out in the perfumed gardens and watch the golden glory on temples and colonnades , arched bridges and silver - basined fountains , and wide streets with blossom - laden urns and ivory statues in gleaming rows .
it is the glory of boston 's hillside roofs and western windows aflame with sunset , of the flower - fragrant common and the great dome on the hill and the tangle of gables and chimneys in the violet valley where the many - bridged charlotte flows drowsily .
the apartment building we approach has flower boxes below the windows and the scents from the blossoms are intense , heavy and fragrant .
i am reluctant to leave the flower , the only landmark , the only difference as far as i can see .
nothing changes except the red flower , my touchstone , my only landmark on a featureless field .
it was toward evening that ichabod arrived at the castle of the heer van tassel , which he found thronged with the pride and flower of the adjacent country .
i adjust my pink panties with the little red flowers to be a bit more comfortable against my skin as i lie upon the old couch .
the glass building is in perfect shape , it is full of trees and flowers that have overtaken the building .
however , there is no tree that has broken its way througha bed sits in the middle of the room surrounded by many different flowers and twisting , overgrown , bushes .
emma climbs into the white dress with the yellow hibiscus flowers upon them and looks into the small mirror next to the dresser in the studio .
greta was not there when he arrived , but a bouquet of flowers was .
snakes slithered around my ankles and through my orifices , dragging me down beneath the flowering blossoms and into the heart of the worm , whose gullet blazed with ice .
dad seems more nourished , but there are red blossoms seeping through several parts of his clothes and i can see that his arms might require stitches .
winter , spring , and summer passed away during my labours ; but i did not watch the blossom or the expanding leaves -- sights which before always yielded me supreme delight -- so deeply was i engrossed in my occupation .
' in the meanwhile also the black ground was covered with herbage , and the green banks interspersed with innumerable flowers , sweet to the scent and the eyes , stars of pale radiance among the moonlight woods ; the sun became warmer , the nights clear and balmy ; and my nocturnal rambles were an extreme pleasure to me , although they were considerably shortened by the late setting and early rising of the sun , for i never ventured abroad during daylight , fearful of meeting with the same treatment i had formerly endured in the first village which i entered .
the wind , which had hitherto carried us along with amazing rapidity , sank at sunset to a light breeze ; the soft air just ruffled the water and caused a pleasant motion among the trees as we approached the shore , from which it wafted the most delightful scent of flowers and hay .
she also did nt see the incredible bloom of red and gold flowers which instantly sprouted up from the spot where maybelle just puked .
speckled along the sandstone walkway and patio were blossoming red flowers housed in tall terra cotta pottery .
the flat planes of light made little cups , like flowers , drifting back and forth to a wind i could nt see .
about twenty flowers hung on the wall , chiming their eerie music .
she wore a simple green sundress with an earthy pattern and a hairclip made of a felted flower .
the flower was , i thought , a bit much .
the cottage was alive with fragrant flowers and moonlight that danced along dew kissed leaves .
something gleamed white and bony from beneath a shrub covered in flowers .
but it was just a cheap yellow robe , with blue flowers .
he saw weird and wonderful blossoms , some tiny as a pinhead and others shrub - size .
there were flowers in profusion , some with fragrance sweet , piercing and piquant ; some sour , or even putrescent .
a blue blossom beside his head smelled sour .
my eighth - grade social studies teacher got fired for showing it to us ; i 'd later sent him flowers and a tasteful thank - you card .
there was a large two - story house that looked just like what you 'd expect to see in the vermont countryside , painted shutters on the windows and a perfectly arranged ring of red and blue flowers in painted white beds .
there was no way those gnomes belonged in the glade of blue and white flowers and brown - capped mushrooms .
marguerite woke up to the rays of the sun , and for a moment it felt like she 'd never left the glade of blue and white flowers and little brown - capped mushrooms .
they found the gnomes lying in a bed of purple and yellow flowers growing alongside the white walls of the chapel .
adelia started walking back toward the glade of blue and white flowers , clutching her orange - hatted gnome .
she started plucking flowers and laying them in a pile .
they reached the glade of flowers and mushrooms .
wherever he stepped seedlings burst from the dusty earth , instantly blooming into white flowers .
the principal room was prepared to ardent room with changing floral crowns from the rarest exotic flowers and with an esoteric admixture of essences that he / she caressed the air harmonically making her / it mysticism .
once so much that wanted to ask her an opinion i concern a rout , so much to give her one covers on an island rich in rare exotic flowers for her and of prosperous native for his / her wolves of sea .
saint talked to tall voice to the trees , to the flowers , to the air same that breathed and that he / she filled him the bellows , allowing then him to create the sounds of its same words .
suddenly alida felt her stomach shrink like a dead flower .
the air was full of moisture , mould and the smell of withered flowers and burned candles .
clear flowers , then madonnina and return .
this pretty flower has thorns .
by their light paul could see that the building was covered with small embellishments : blooming flower boxes , small flags , old lace curtains .
at last , a year to the day after shed returned from the blue childs castle , she woke to see the flower opening .
it was a glorious thinga perfect , rippling blossom the size of magdas hand , with velvet petals the color of fresh blood .
they did nt feel the suns warmth or the coolness of the wind and they smelled neither wild flowers nor their own deathly reek .
the realization blooms in me like a new species of flower pushing its face up from rich , fecund soil to a brilliantly warm flash of light from above .
it was surrounded by flowers on each side .
it did nt feel like the way things did with cole , like the earth was spitting out flowers and rainbows , but it felt nice .
on either side of them was a row of flowers perfectly placed so each plant had enough room to grow .
he pointed out how beautiful the sunrise looked and how the dew on the morning glories made those blue and white flowers sparkle .
each colorful flower glistened as the sun reflected off of them .
bees were already humming away as they hovered from one flower to the next .
she went to the edge of the clearing and squatted down next to a cactus in bloom , contemplating a way to pick the blossom .
` ` it was a little white powder made from a common flower there were instructions on how to make it in one of her books on herbs .
the only sign of life was the handful of tiny blue flowers near the broken steps up to the archway doors .
they had belonged to the houses previous owner and were pink with flowers on them .
he brings me flowers nearly every day , does the dishes after dinner and makes me go to bed at 8 oclock every night .
michael , teddy , griffin and me , dressed for hiking , stood in a field of wild flowers with the peak of mt .
as he closed a curtain over the opening of the crypt , arranged flowers and a wreath in front of it , and lit a couple of candles , she lifted her veil and looked around .
ill miss you , but ill come by every week with fresh flowers .
he brought me flowers from the fields , told me funny stories , and even baked cookies for me , something he d never done before .
vines , flowers , and towering trees surrounded us .
it reminded him of the flowers from the garden and how they opened to meet the sun , moving with such a dearth of alacrity that they actually appeared not to be moving .
this used to be a sleepy , gentle little place made up of bright green lawns , yellow and purple flowers and brilliant blue skies that stretched across infinity .
the hangers squealed against the metal rungs as he sorted through various shirts , settling on a bright orange number that had brilliant large flowers and a sandy beach printed on its surface .
real love , in the full presence of the creator of life blossoms like a giant flower that will not be denied its place in the sun .
real love , in the full presence of the creator of life blossoms like a giant flower that will not be denied its place in the sun .
its this beautiful white rose blossom .
a dead flower ?
his father had responded to the episode by sending the rookie officer a gift of flowers the following day , grateful for her having not run over his son , but also for not having written him a ticket .
content to stay there forever , listening to the music of the wind blowing through the trees , the birds singing , bees happily buzzing around the flowers , and the tinkling of water over rocks , as if the very water itself was singing with joy .
they d visited the orangerie earlier that morning , enjoying the humid air , the orange blossoms filling the air with a wonderful scent .
a carpet of green grass appeared filled with all types of flowers , the scent filling the room .
the flowers , grass , bees , and tree remained .
epilogue one week later the orangerie was beautiful , the white flowers adding to the heady orange blossom fragrance .
it was fashioned into flowers and vines .
the vines were tiny emeralds , the flowers alternated between sapphires , rubies , and diamonds .
meg had scattered rose petals and gardenia blossoms across the bed and floor leading to the bathroom .
the women 's skirts blew back like flower petals before they parted through the opened door .
one day the velvet curtains would be ruby , the floor sapphire , the walls a dark green with gorgeous yellow flowers carved into its skin .
i remember the smell of the cherry blossoms .
every table had a picture of the bride and groom , as well as a vase with peacock feathers and paper flowers , the petals of which were rolled pages of literature books .
it was a dress , ivory colored silk with a delicate pattern of exotic flowers .
exotic essences of flowers and fruit enveloped lucys senses .
the ballroom was decorated with wild flowers , roses , orchids , and lilies .
carved vines and flowers and angels shimmered from the gold .
lucy had nt noticed he was holding flowers .
as all the students gathered around babbling , the other teachers mouths working in blatant jealousy , shed realized the flowers were for her , from him .
it sounded like a spring day with all the new flowers blooming and every bird singing in unison .
as a whole , the flowers created a gorgeous , almost surreal landscape .
she loved how the dew sparkled on the leafy vine that delicately intertwined her trellis and how the golden shafts of morning light played upon the fragrant flowers that she lovingly labored to bring to life .
each petal bearing an exquisitely deep and rich luster , quite unlike anything she had been able to achieve to this point ; and just in time because the annual flower show is approaching fast .
in contrast to the rocky terrain further on , the small town of palo was a virtual paradise of lush green jungle and heavenly scented flowers .
of course you do nt , beniamin merrily chuckled , just as the bees would nt like it if you took away their flowers .
we d have to spread over the entrance of our little hollow whatever pungent flowers and plants we could find to mask our smell .
around the edges of the garden , flowers bloomed , and , in the center , a small pond ringed with stones glinted with sunshine fragmented by ripples .
amy wiped her sweaty forehead and continued pulling up long , tangled weeds where there would soon be bright pink and white flowers in their place .
ashleigh gibbons was laid to rest on a sunny saturday afternoon in a lavishly appointed and beautiful cemetery garden in lexington , full of lush , green trees and colorful flowers , near to the university where her dreams and ambition had lead her , but which she never attended .
the only benefit i can see is the fact that you get complete solace and were able to enjoy the sweet , inviting smell of the orange blossoms in the early spring .
her hair was silky , curled at the ends , with a beautiful black flower on the left side of her head .
the story he d concocted was that the slab of stone with the blue flower of his family crest painted on it had been found during a construction project .
a bee flew off from a flower nearby .
one emerged from the middle of a spanish olive and fell to a flower within the floral pattern on the edge of pauls plate .
in her mind , she could see a dozen young , beardless young men , all with bunches of flowers and chocolates , keen to woo her .
not even the colorful beds of tickseed , elephant ears , canna lilies , and amaranth flowers , nor the crisp look of the sunshine darting off the old - fashioned , bottle - glass windows helped much .
i called back , shooting one last look at the flowers .
her eyes were the shape of flowers - dogwoods , as a matter of fact - with black pupils with a tiny yellow iris in the center .
* * * * * brett showed up on gracies doorstep that sunday morning , bearing flowers and an apologetic smile .
uh , i am sorry for running out on you the other night , he said nervously and handed her the flowers .
in the quarter acre lot he d planted five hard woods : two pecans , two red maples , a pin oak and some kind of spindly vinegar tree that had blown its yellow blossoms all over the yard .
its masquerades done , it came to full flower .
it started with a slight shimmering fog or thickened air , swirling , shadowing all over her room , mustering all around her , clouding the flowery patterns her mom had painted in a beautiful pattern successing over the top of other interminably on the white ceiling with thousands of pink and violet flowers , so that the pacifying , hypnotic patterns could lull her to sleep .
afterwards at a small reception in a nearby hotel there was a mountain of cards and flowers from friends and relatives abroad .
sunlight peeked through the flowers of a pretty square window and cairo watched leafy shadows dance on the rough - grained table top .
he placed a china cup and saucer in front of her almost filled to the top with pale sweet tea , then , in the centre of the table , he placed a small terracotta pot in which a tiny white flower had just bloomed .
* susan , norfolk - 2000 churchyard trees dripping with pink blossom overhung the garden wall at the back of the little norfolk cottage , a gusty spring wind brought down cascades like confetti turning the newly mown lawn pink .
* instead of her usual canter across the fields eve decided to take the horse down to the river , it was another bright clear morning with spring flowers and blossoms decorating the riverbank .
* instead of her usual canter across the fields eve decided to take the horse down to the river , it was another bright clear morning with spring flowers and blossoms decorating the riverbank .
he allotted a reasonable sum for flowers or chocolates at her discretion and reminded her to recover the office keys from the operator at the hospital .
his assistant put on her coat and fussed with the flowers .
in addition , she never failed to bring flowers and potted plants .
he was nt sure his reply had registered because she started talking about flowers to the statue .
the rest of the puzzle came apart like the petals of a metallic flower .
his assistant asked the next day , as though what her employer was holding out to her was a dead cat instead of flowers .
shed bought an expensive - looking diary with twining pink flowers on blue linen covers .
in theory they should have furnished objective proof of the transformation of the boys face , like a speeded - up film - sequence of a bud opening to flower .
blotted out was the white doe in the background standing in a clearing with star - like flowers .
he decided to shorten the lunch - hour to mollify his assistant and left a box of chocolates and flowers on her desk for safetys sake .
lying among the debris of her desk he saw her expensive - looking diary with the twining pink flowers on the blue linen cover and the tiny heart - shaped brass lock .
the first time he brought flowers and sweets .
as they sat , they twirled flowers and giggled at intervals during their playful conversation .
she opened the box and inside was an array of flowers on the outside with long roses situated in the middle .
objects like flowers shrivel up , die and eventually blow away .
she started off by sending him flowers to all of his residences in london , which he had many because of the engineering projects he over saw .
by sending flowers and roses to all of his addresses assured her that no matter which one he was at , he would be sure to receive them .
within the grove , the trees shook and white persimmon blossoms floated down like snowflakes .
then in unison from the gaping mouths of gabe and all the remaining dead , their heads lifted like baying wolves , came a single roaring word repeated three times : abbadon abbadon abbadon three times , then it was over , the dead crumpling like a fast forward of wilting flowers .
she had a jasmine garland in her hair and the thick , sweet smell from the flowers filled the air around .
one evening , hari saw some flower petals outside the front door .
she had a garland of jasmine flowers in her hair and the smell even from the distance was quite strong .
its like a couple stopping to watch flowers grow .
the flying buttresses raise strange heads that bristle with chimeras , with devils , with fantastic animals , with monstrous flowers , are joined together by finely carved arches , to the blue sky by day , and to the black sky by night .
then the flower raised itself , following the curve which a hand would have described in carrying it toward a mouth , and remained suspended in the transparent air , alone and motionless , a terrible red spot , three yards from my eyes .
why not , also , other trees with immense , splendid flowers , perfuming whole regions ?
above all there came to his nostrils the scent of summer , the smell of flowers mingled , and the odour of the woods , of cool shaded places , deep in the green depths , drawn forth by the sun 's heat ; and the scent of the good earth , lying as it were with arms stretched forth , and smiling lips , overpowered all .
it was a long street , and rather a gloomy one , but here and there a brighter taste had illuminated the dark houses with flowers , and gay curtains , and a cheerful paint on the doors .
she was sitting up ; her slender pretty figure enveloped in the soft silk dressing gown , embroidered with flowers , and lined with thick quilted silk , which her mother had thrown over her feet as she lay upon the ground .
a large crystal ball sat in the middle and an array of dried flowers lay scattered across its surface .
he squatted and scooped up the dead blossoms out of the dirt bowls around the shrubs and tossed them into a plastic trashcan that stood on the path .
snipping off the blossoms .
the petals on the ground had nt fallen in the normal cycle of a blossom fading and dropping its petals , they d been torn off like skin ripped off a piece of chicken .
he complained because i cut three small blossoms to take home for my dining room table .
half the blossoms are gone .
he s cutting off all the blossoms .
i preferred to let them remain hidden , a powerful emotion living beyond the grave , but not entities that were interested in , or even capable of , plucking rose petals off a blossom and tearing them into shreds like secret notes that had been passed between lovers back when there was no texting or i m available to communicate your passionate thoughts .
she moved the scissors to the stem , gripped what was left of the bloom , and gnawed at the stem right below the little leafy part that sticks out around the base of the flower .
she slammed them closed and this time , rather than having to gnaw at the thick stem , the infant blossom was cut loose and fell to the ground .
using the sword 's blade , he moved the flowers enough to see exactly what he expected ; another bear trap .
as the bodies started to fall and the flames began to rise , the myriad tentacles withdrew in a dark mass through the irising doorway , looking for a moment like the blossom of the black lotuses their master emulated , then shrinking away into the inner darknesses of the omnibeast .
arms and legs were arranged like plants in a topiary , a blossom of death , wreathed in blood that dripped like sap , like pollen , like crimson nectar .
24 deep within the gardens of the planet elasvai , in the sanctuary of the shadows of their nearby citadel , the white marble and heavily vined fiendfarms , amid sprawling amaranthine fields of medicinal and psychedelic flora , beneath the seclusion of giant belladonna leaves , hidden behind the privacies of poisonous forests and mandalic topiaries , on a bed of diverse flowers , and wreathed in the smoke of lotus and opium , the tantric demons began their ritual .
the severed arm fell to the grasses and blossoms beneath , pouring blood throughout the gardens .
the masochistic dream - eater had begun to enjoy the prolonged torture , and as they were dragged through various fields and gardens until the afternoon , often masturbated by turning over on his stomach and rubbing his phalluses on plants , flowers , grasses , and the abrasive , decorticating ground .
now within the labyrinth , the necrodelic entered a spiral maze of morning glory , belladonna , and lotus blossoms , in every imaginable shade and hue .
as he journeyed through the spiral maze , there were also several plants and flowers which he had not formerly perceived as drugs , but when he ate them , or lit them and inhaled their perfumes , he discovered that they really were and always had been .
every plant , every flower , every leaf were all lit by his pyromantic breath , but instead of bursting into flame , they kindled like hemp in a pipe .
giant fronds and ferns overlooked high terraces , while flowers , berries , and fruits bloomed on plants and vines that hung down from every ceiling like the tresses of a fertility demoness .
the oneirophage , hydraman , and their gorgon and lamia consorts devoured everything in their paths , from grasses and flowers to berries and fruits to seeds and spores , engaging in frequent orgies as they made their way up stairways which ascended alongside the rivers and cataracts of red and purple wine , as well as streams of amber honey , which dripped from the pleasure hives of incubus bees and their succubus queens .
a hail of twigs and blossoms fell into the starlit cosmos below .
the necrodelic performed cunnilingus upon the mouthpiece of the bloodbong , and junisia 's hundredfold labia shivered and fell off , one by one , like the petals of a flower blossom , the severed lobes of flesh scattering in the currents of vermilion ichor as though along gentle breezes .
the necrodelic performed cunnilingus upon the mouthpiece of the bloodbong , and junisia 's hundredfold labia shivered and fell off , one by one , like the petals of a flower blossom , the severed lobes of flesh scattering in the currents of vermilion ichor as though along gentle breezes .
honeysuckle blossoms sent their perfume into the early morning air .
many of the preserves have been improved to the point of qualifying as botanical gardens with paved , nature trails outlined in beautiful flowers ; countless ponds with lily pads and meditational gardens at the center of flowing creeks .
each half of the torn zombie heads sagged away from each neck , opening upward like vile , twin flowers of the damned .
there were red flowers as big as my head with black centers .
fields of fresh flowers , mountains , waterways , beaches , and cities were all framed by amazingly detailed woodwork .
here and there would be cherry wood armoires and desks , with flowers and vines carved into them , topped with bronze candelabras holding ivory candles .
jade satin covered the bed with small darker colored leaves and white flowers embroidered on the comforter .
even in my misery it was still so beautiful , covered in the jade satin comforter adorned with the delicate white flowers .
we walked out of the small room that had held me over the past few months , which consisted only of a twin bed , a nightstand topped with flowers my father had sent , and a bathroom .
he held out a cluster of small white flowers on a purple - mottled stem that grew on the outskirts of the clearing .
the plastic stretch wrap is peeled back from the top like wilting , translucent flower petals .
many did , matching maxell 's flower moat with equally dazzling arrays of cineraria , forsythia and agapanthus .
it seemed like all the flowers and trees were blooming and all i did was blink and it was graduation night .
it was the end of summer , the season that is so alive with blooming flowers , trees , birds singing and animals abundantly running about .
you get to know the various types of trees , flowers and weeds .
making the bottle rise , explode and transform into flowers and butterflies .
i ' m certain it 's him - same shaggy beard , long hair , old clothes , posy of flowers in a buttonhole .
the world did n't smell like flowers anymore .
a bright red flower bloomed in the center of the tank , and by its light he saw a deep dent in the previously smooth metal surface .
then the flower was a river , red turning orange - white .
i got a lot of visitors , a lot of flowers , a lot of cards .
in the window of the dry - cleaning shop he saw great yellow eyes blossom .
his big sister says when he tries to tell her how he had looked for - ward to this night , how he looks forward to it every year , the flowers of light in the sky over the commons , the flashgun pops of brightness followed by the thudding ker - whamp !
they tangoed drunkenly that way , the cat 's claws digging deeper into steve 's shoulders , and now cynthia could see blood - blossoms spreading on the coverall he wore , around the places where the cat 's claws were dug in .
and the sound of the partymobile 's collapsing roof driving rachel timorov 's head down into her neck , splitting her skull open like a bone flower .
there was aloe vera ; sea lavender with its bursts of tiny yellow flowers ( each possessing a tiny heart of deepest violet ) ; inkberry with its long spade - shaped leaves ; and my favorite , sophora , which common plants of the florida coast also identified as necklace - bush , for the tiny podlike necklaces that grow on its branches .
the single yellow blossom could have been an alien eye .
the green stuff with the yellow flowers is called wedelia .
the effect was to a large degree spoiled by his shirt , which was covered with tropical birds and flowers .
the air was heavy with the scent of flowers .
he was swag - bellied , sporting a little garden of gin - blossoms on his nose , and wearing a tropical shirt that hung almost to his knees .
he tossed a wreath of tropical flowers into the water . ''
i pulled my chair around the table and sat next to wireman , where i could read the headline : duma key tot blossoms following spill is she a child prodigy ?
it open up like a flower .
the flowers looked fine and blooming .
the trumpet - shaped flowers ?
and look there on the flower . '
holding the flowers out .
there was even a little white envelope stuck in with the flowers .
they 'll wonder if there is n't going to be one more flash of light at the very end , like the final chinese flower at the end of the fireworks display on the fourth of july . '
the image of coffee - black , and in her favorite cup with the blue flowers around its middle - made her lick her lips .
it was headed , ` ` observed psychic phenomena at the belasco house '' : apparitions ; apports ; asports ; automatic drawing ; automatic painting ; automatic speaking ; automatic writing ; autoscopy ; bilocation ; biological phenomena ; book tests ; breezes ; catalepsy ; chemical phenomena ; chemicographs ; clairaudience ; clairsentience ; clairvoyance ; communication ; control ; crystal gazing ; dematerialization ; direct drawing ; direct painting ; direct voice ; direct writing ; divination ; dreams ; dream communications ; dream prophecies ; ectoplasm ; eldolons ; electrical phenomena ; elongation ; emanations ; exteriorization of motricity ; exteriorization of sensation ; extras ; extratemporal perception ; eyeless sight ; facsimile writing ; flower clairsentience ; ghosts ; glossolalia ; hyperamnesia ; hyperesthesia ; ideomorphs ; ideoplasm ; impersonation ; imprints ; independent voice ; interpenetration of matter ; knot tying ; levitation ; luminous phenomena ; magnetic phenomena ; materialization ; matter through matter ; metagraphology ; monition ; motor automatism ; newspaper tests ; obsession ; paraffin molds ; parakinesis ; paramnesia ; paresthesia ; percussion ; phantasmata ; poltergeist phenomena ; possession ; precognition ; presentiment ; prevision ; pseudopods ; psychic photography ; psychic rods ; psychic sounds ; psychic touches ; psychic winds ; psychokinesis ; psychometry ; radiesthesia ; radiographs ; raps ; retrocognition ; scriptograph ; sensory automatism ; skin writing ; skotography ; slate writing ; smells ; somnambulism ; stigmata ; telekinesis ; teleplasm ; telescopic vision ; telesthesia ; transcendental music ; transfiguration ; transportation ; typtology ; voices ; water sprinkling ; xenoglossy .
home was n't a place , or a building , or a tropical night full of flowers and rain .
it was a silly thing , that hat - a paper imitation of a top hat with a great big flower sticking up from the top and nodding about in every direction .
the big paper flower was nodding crazily this way and that .
the sticker came complete with info like the state bird , the state flower , the year admitted to the union , and what presidents , if any , had ever come from that state .
beverly sat between the two boys with a straw , sampling each in turn like a bee at flowers .
the grass ( white and dead at this time of year ) was kept neatly cut in the summertime , and there were circular beds of flowers .
instead of the pink - topped formica table with its three chairs , there was a small round table , really not much bigger than an endtable , with silk flowers in a pottery vase .
she was wearing a pink dress ( not the dress he had seen in his dream ; perhaps she had worn that this afternoon , when ma sent them away ) on which she had appliqued small flowers .
black flowers bloomed and disappeared before her eyes .
one hip struck a galvanized garbage can and packages of tripe wrapped in newspaper fell out like great meaty jungle blossoms .
it was a hard hit , and bill was driven back to his knees with large red flowers exploding in the darkness before his eyes .
the room smelled wonderful , as most restaurants do since they banned smoking in them - of flowers and wine and fresh coffee and chocolate and pastry - but what i smelled most clearly was salmon .
her smile suddenly collapsed into a narrow watchfulness he did n't like much - it was like discovering a deep crevasse almost obscured by summer flowers in the midst of a smiling , jocund meadow .
summer flowers nodded cheerfully once again .
oh , what a variety of strange and poisonous flowers grew beside annie 's version of that quaint old path !
he could see random flowers of rust blooming on this side before the goop covered it .
it was just on the cheek , and it was the chaste kiss of a married woman , but it was as ripe as a peach , or like those flowers that open in the dark , and when her lips touched my skin i felt like ...
it had been carved by a master craftsman , that pipe ; birds and flowers and vines circled the bowl in a pattern that actually seemed to change when one looked at it from different angles .
the pyramid opened like a flower and became a goose flying through the sunshine .
and when the big black flowers currently filling his sight shrank back into nothing .
it was undoubtedly the final performance of this version of the folding flower trick , but alan did get away with it ... just .
instead of snapping out of sight as they usually did , the folding flowers seemed to disappear into his loosely curled fist like smoke .
there were plastic flowers and marked playing cards and bottles of cheap perfume labelled dr . gaunt 's love potion # g , turnslassitude intolust .
they stood on the sidewalk for a moment , staring in that direction , both of them thinking that the dynamite under the bridge had gone twenty minutes or more early , but there was no blossom of fire .
he shielded his eyes from the bright orange flower opening up there .
honeysuckle ran wild over the trellis on the west side of the house , and fat bees buzzed indolently around the wax - white , redolent blossoms .
we know that aspirin is very close in chemical composition to lsd , but why should one cure the ache in the head and the other cause the head to fill up with flowers ?
his vision began to fade under the onslaught of large black flowers that burst into soundless bloom before his eyes .
a small bell tinkled over the door when they went in , and the heavy aroma of flowers struck them .
her eyes drifted dreamily to the fire as his lips and teeth worked against her neck , and the smoke was very black , as black as night , obscuring that hot gun - metal sky , turning day to night ; yet the fire moved inside it in those pulsing scarlet threads and blossoms - rioting flowers in a midnight jungle .
i tried to picture it with the rains and the flowers of the cacti like rainbows scattered across all that brown , but i could n't .
` ` gee , and most men just send flowers , '' i said .
she planted her hands on her hips , the greasy spatula sticking out of one closed fist like a steel flower .
in this room there were dried flowers under glass bells .
green jungle seemed to leap out at his eyes , a dark forested tangle of vines and broad leaves and lush , blooming flowers that were ( as pink as a chorus girl 's nipple ) he was bewildered again .
another vase of tall bright flowers .
the odor of long - dead flowers overlaid the land ; and beneath it , as with osmond , was a coarser , more potent odor .
their odor , of dead flowers and hidden corruption , filled the air .
with no blossoms and few leaves , they resembled snakes coiled together and smelled faintly of diesel oil .
from the open seam in the talisman a wondrous odor spilled out with the gray - golden cloud , an odor sweet and unsweet , of flowers and earth , wholly good , yeasty ; a smell of birth , jack thought , though he had never attended an actual birth .
dried flowers .
the booze hit his stomach and opened its comforting blossom of heat there .
his eyes were closed ; blood dripped from his mouth onto my skin like red flowers exploding on my body .
below him , foaming around the lectern in a semi - circle , were great bunches of summer flowers .
he turned around and saw another shower cabinet , little blossoms of rust on its sides , its front door gone .
the right side of her skull pushed open like a strange flower and her brains hit her currierandives wall calendar with a liquid smack .
the cap was covered with strange designs around a central painting c a not - very - good rendering of a unicorn on its knees , head bowed , before a gypsy woman with a garland of flowers in her hands .
over the stage , orange spots were coming on , soft as night - blooming flowers , illuminating the mike - stands one by one .
the dog was biting him , and as bannerman saw the first flowers of blood open on the front of his light blue shirt , he suddenly understood everything .
inside the sphere is something that looks like a flower , ribbons of inky color twisted and turned into a radial pattern .
she stumbles back , looking surprised , then falls forward to the ground , the blood already beginning to make red flowers on her checkerboard dress .
moses holds out his hand and maury gives him a glass orb with something in it that looks like a flower but is n't .
the two stand together , a wretched tableau , ancient beast and virgin sacrifice , devil and canoness , displayed behind black bars strung through with dead flowers , under the stony proscenium of the grotto .
all gone to naught , like a frozen hand laid over some eden , all the blossoms of the true and holy shrivelled to sumpy weed and iced over to knotted hard and fragile things .
then , they both noticed a stream of adobe dust sieving out from behind the trophy ; it ran straight down in front of the gardenia wallpaper so thin and fast that it seemed as though the flowers were quivering .
while she was at it , she snapped off the tops of some flowers to flavor the soup .
granny looked shocked when she examined those headless flowers and the shrub with all the branches broken off it .
when the flowers began to arrive it took three assistants working all afternoon just to position them .
when the casket was put in place it stood against a solid wall of blossoms and greenery , with other flowers lining the front porch because there was nt enough room for them inside .
a little bird in the lower right hand corner and a bee hovering by one of the flowers .
a bunch of wild flowers as a centrepiece .
tyre tracks will be lost in the rain , cigarette butts , like ugly flowers , will burst open then disintegrate into the soil .
suddenly michelle could never get a hold of him , and he would do things like send her flowers , and then when she called to thank him he acted so morose or impatient that it completely cancelled the positive effect of the thoughtful gift .
ravella matched her , thrill for thrill and smile for smile , writing invitations , booking tickets , ordering flowers and sweetening the vicar .
it was easy to see that every flower had its place and all the colors came together expertly .
to its front , it opened into more flowerbeds , which made the air sweet with the smell of wild flowers .
at the entrance to the pavilion , the scent of the flowers mixed with the woody smell of the ceiling and rafters .
louie is a bit early to visit pearl baker - moth who unless there are things to be up early for , does nt usually rise until after 9.00 a.m. louie eases back on the power as he zooms along above the stream and alights on the flower of a rhododendron bush .
the rhododendron flower is a delicious supply of nectar for louie .
there are many flowers along the stream emitting delicate wafting fragrances like smokeless incense .
penelope ( a duck named penelope , mallard variety ) covered in a mass of spring flowers formed a float that was to move slowly upstream with pearl and lulu standing proudly in the middle .
entwined in the ramp were masses of freshly cut jasmine flowers .
they too were dressed for the occasion with red rose petals and a coronet of small flowers .
close by to the hangar was a rhododendron bush in full flower .
louie , lulu and pearl had alighted on a flower on the bush .
the tables were decorated with masses of spring flowers .
louie carefully adjusted the remaining flowers .
mrs appleton had lived off the land and grown beautiful flowers along with vegetables and had planted a fine stand of native trees .
louie and lulu showed the flowers to tiger and lily and they had a lovely afternoon tasting all the different nectars .
the home always had plants growing , lots of flowers in vases and it was occupied by lively animals , including a large fish tank .
stavroulas face blossoms .
the following week , he arrives carrying a small bundle of tight budded yellow flowers .
when its finally his turn , he strides up to stavroula and holds out the flowers .
the next night , seymour arrives dressed in pressed pants and a suit jacket , flowers and a bottle of wine in hand .
the craggy mountains are covered in thorny brush and wild flowers .
in silence they landed , and pushed through the blossom and scented herbage and undergrowth that led up to the level ground , till they stood on a little lawn of a marvelous green , set round with natures own orchard trees crab apple , wild cherry , and sloe .
he jumped up and then bowed to her , offering her the flowers .
she accepted the flowers with a modest smile , and he sat beside her .
as 5 parachutes bloomed open in the night sky like giant flowers , a great guttural roar filled the air .
timothy held flowers in his right hand along with a card in his left .
timothy placed the poem above the flowers .
i know you want me on medication , and even though the flowers are sweet and the poem was thoughtful , i m not changing my mind .
it was always noon , the air pungent and warm , the meadow thick with flowers .
i ve been called a lotus blossom enough times to warrant a quick melon juice there , while starting my tour of cairo .
no , make that lotus flowers , because i believe that is the official flower of egypt .
i ve always wanted to make love to an oriental lotus blossom .
of course , my blossom of de orient .
the second was of a tree just come to leaf , the mellow green of new shoots hung with cobwebs and blossom .
the park shimmered with new growth and fallen blossom .
the man - thing , said vern calmly , no longer impressed by the chaos that blossomed like spring flowers all round him .
a third mutilated growing things , stripping them of leaves and flowers .
in her hands , held out in front of her like she was a bridesmaid , was a bunch of flowers and over her shoulder she carried a large bag .
then keith derrick pushed through the crowd and gave me this great big bouquet of flowers .
when everyone painted those little cars with flowers and grew long hair us2 : no , i think it was with bellbottoms and john trovolta .
mythias was nibbling on some sweet flowers near the top of the hill .
you are right , blossom , sparky looked over the room full of goats .
its the right thing to do , blossom said .
knock it off , blossom said .
he could nt see blossom , but he wished that he could one last time .
for all its beauty , the flower smelled like rotten eggs , an old outhouse and decaying flesh all rolled into one !
its just a bag of flower pollen , replied mitch casually , just like what bees gather out of flowers all the time .
rich , earth brown hair , eyes clear as cherry blossoms , skin soft as a peach .
he and judith mae took buggy rides into the country and went on lots of strolls through the hills , looking for rare flowers or plants .
natalie looked flustered , her 50s - style halter blue dress with bright orange flowers swishing as she bounced around , perfecting every surface .
chapter 58 i had obsessively worked on the fondant roses , carefully sculpting each petal and working to create massive blossoms i was pretty pleased with .
you like to garden , i murmured as i stared at his tomato plants and rose bushes , which were in full blossom .
but i say we see him every day in flowers and the sun and in the goodness of the others around us .
satan stared in bewilderment at the sea of bright pink flowers on pinker wallpaper , glossy and soul - less porcelain faced dolls sitting piled high upon shelf after shelf , and the dizzying assortment of fuzzy , nondescript pastel animals that made up the bedroom .
henry and nancy stopped behind , the vertical bars solidifying , the flowers and thorns , which was all the leaves were , tight and sharp , seeming to spread and grow as if at the passage of time .
owen squinted at mick , who was holding a three - pin plug by its flex like some odd plastic flower .
the hay bales sitting on sawdust - covered floors i d envisioned turned out to be potted artificial trees decorated with colored crepe - paper streamers and paper flowers .
maroon curtains with dark blue flowers on them completed the decor in the room .
i turned around and he handed me a wildflower a dainty white blossom on a thin stem .
the man brought you flowers , and he looks gorgeous .
a salad made from flowers of the amazonian jungle and a bottle of coke from 1923 chilled with antarctic ice brought from the magnetic south pole that morning .
he 'd tried so many times with others : ` ` when i was a young boy , dad told me you could have five seasons in one day yes , five , not four and me and my brother , chris he 's a big hotshot merchant banker in aussie these days we used to play spotting the fifth season : raining when it 's sunny , blossom in winter , that sort of thing .
a tissue of blossom had fallen into the plexus and , delicately suspended , it fluttered as rob breathed on it .
do you know how well can i hide in ... in ... in violet flowers ? ''
an intensely violet goblin managed to hide itself in a cluster of fuchsia flowers . ''
` ` especially that these probably were the only fuchsia flowers in the entire region .
unearthly flowers are more of a kobold place i think . ''
he also collected a few morbid flowers for gaduria , which she graciously accepted and a bit less graciously threw away a moment later .
it was surrounded by some random flowers .
pretty , yellow flowers .
` ` uhhh ... a big red flower ? ''
there were many things around , like trees , bushes , mosquitoes , suspicious looking logs , mushrooms , mosquitoes , swamp flowers , algae , newts , swamp mosquitoes , vines , dead trees , giant swamp mosquitoes ... a toad !
hugo turned to find dollop , still disguised as a maiden , smiling back from a bench - swing covered in flowers and cushions .
bobby had been smelling the various flowers that straddled the border between the forest and clearing .
bobby continued exploring flowers through his nose whilst asking jam and the magwanvu .
into the city old yellow walls grassy banks covered in daffodils cobbled streets white and black half - timbered houses great stone gates surmounted with statues medieval churches skulking on corners ancient pubs with oak - beamed ceilings buskers playing pianos in shopping streets bridges e p e i w n s g over browny - green rivers memorial plaques adverts for ghost walks sandstone ' hic jacets ' set into walls colourful flowers in reds , pinks and yellows passenger boats tied up at the staithe people sitting in warm mid - may sunshine welcome to eorforwic eboracum eorwic jorvik york yo - yo is sandwiched between lily gusset and aunty latch .
they all have plastic flowers in their buttonholes which they use to squirt water at each other .
poncho pink marshmallow whip honey blossom coral kiss heather berry hot chilli birthday suit passionate plum mulled wine it reads more like a race - card than a lipstick list .
they 're all in the gates and under starters orders , poncho pink 11 - 2 , marshmallow whip 4 - 1 , honey blossom moving out to 8 - 1 , coral kiss is evens , heatherberry and hot chilli 13 - 1 , mulled wine 3 - 1 with passionate plum 16 - 1 , birthday suit a distant 50 - 1 outsider .
they 're coming into view and it 's heatherberry a length ahead of passionate plum , mulled wine is close on the rails , coral kiss a neck behind , birthday suit and poncho pink and honey blossom bringing up the rear .
supernovas and blue dwarves blossom and perish .
she had often stroked his hair when he had been agitated or out - of - control , and , once in a while , she had let him sit alone on the lawn to enjoy the weak sunshine warming his skin and listen to the thrushes chirruping gaily among the clouds of cherry blossoms in the orchard nearby .
their hats are decked with orange blossoms .
ali 's sister , fatima , in pink skinnies , pink plastic sandals and a white t - shirt with pink flowers , tried to keep up .
in return for a free 5.30 am minibus pick - up from in front of the colaba causeway mcdonalds ( where no beef patties have ever been served and behind which the sacred humpbacked zebu street - cows can be seen picking through the back alley rubbish in search of old lettuce heads and discarded garlands of marigold flowers , patiently whipping away flies with their tails ) , the western - looking backpackers and budget travelers arden had discovered forwent the notion of gainful employment in exchange for the kudos they d earn upon returning to their countries of origin .
dickeys modern history lesson was still in full swing when babs - yes , the notorious babs in person - came to the back entrance to meet them , emerging from the nightclubs back entrance like a lotus blossom breaking the oiled surface of a pond .
searching , his mind tasted the air , which was rank , sulfurous , sickly sweet like over - ripe mortuary flowers , sour with the taste of funeral dust , and hence it cautiously produced his next solid thought .
she paused to fiddle with a flower arrangement on the table .
landscapes of sprawling design , highlighted by ornamental flowers and shrubs , traced the street edge .
vast beds of brightly colored flowers lined long lanes of meticulously tended grass .
the scent of fresh flowers permeated the air and the chatter of upper crust communication echoed about the vaulted chamber .
you should n't have worn that black t - shirt , replied his older sister , who was wearing red shorts and a pink tank top with yellow flowers .
her thick brown hair was pulled back in a braid that was stuck with fake flowers .
she adored flowers , and could arrange them beautifully .
indeed , she supplemented the family income by selling exquisite flower arrangements that were truly dazzling to behold .
and even at a young age he developed a talent for flower arranging that rivaled that of his highly gifted mother .
the image of him bending his huge frame over a tender little flower was so ludicrous that most of the audience were speechless .
two confused attendants give them flowers , crown them -- the whole nine yards .
there were nt even flowers on the branches .
mickey 's father was concerned that there seemed to be a fungal infection in the over - wintering vines as well as in the cuttings and new rootstocks in the greenhouse and that there may be no blossom in the spring and therefore no grapes .
he brought spat mundane and tacky gifts from time to time , some of which she knew he bought from a lebanese shop on broad street : artificial flowers , sickly - sweet cakes , pirated videos .
plastic flowers are tacky , in case you did nt know , she said , her frustration now on the verge of tears .
` ` the cherry blossoms in washington are more plentiful than congressional aides . ''
` ` the cherry blossoms in washington are more plentiful than congressional aides ! ''
thrill - seeking emmett brought the lordly vice unto the pink like flowers of paradise .
it was as if they had become lotus blossoms floating serenely across the eternal sea .
his eyes rotated around and around , filling the empty space with dumbbells of flowers .
on saturday 4th may , 2002 , chris separated his male plants from the female ones , based on flower type .
the female plants are the only ones worth cultivating for resin , which is mostly concentrated in beads around and just beneath the female flower .
the males you just chuck , to stop them seeding the female flowers prematurely .
rather , the joy came from having a large and plentiful five - leaved wonder literally dripping clear white globules of thc from its greenish - white flowers .
all the walls turned chocolate white and blossomed with matchless flowers .
on the near corner a wire fence was festooned with bindweed and woody nightshade ; he stopped to admire the natural conjunction of extravagant white trumpets , probed by butterflies , alongside the much smaller , vivid yellow and purple flowers and waxy red berries of the nightshade .
douglas had also seen them and singled out mrs flowers .
pamela flowers .
you study flowers and trees and such ?
lanai kept reading passages of decadence , and commented them with flower , while penelope insisted on knowing more about the massage oil preference of clarity , which she was politely avoiding to reveal .
chapter thirteen clarity squinted at the scorching bahamas sun beaming its rays on the island of eleuthera , in order to watch lanai walking down a meadow towards the beach , with flower , cynthia and jenna .
then again the bashful presentation of a bunch of flowers ; or the simple act of standing up , when they entered , or left , a room , had worked wonders .
the solitary grape , which had risen from the dying embers of a springtime blossom , could know little of the world around him , but that it brought him light and dark , rains and winds , and sunshine and chill .
you never did know how strong the sap from the flower would be .
sometimes it only took eating one blossom to see ghosts .
nice flower .
the ghost bobbed in front of her for a few seconds before settled back to a new blossom perch .
some of these flower oils attracted bugs too , and everyone in camp knew it .
then she went back to work grinding up flowers in her only bowl , with a few low mystic chants thrown in over the bowl every now and then for good measure .
sighing as she ground up flowers into a paste , henna the red added a few other ingredients together and carefully tipped the resulting gunk into a small cloth .
as she hoped , the two bandits took one look at her talking to the skulls under her hanging strings of drying herbs , brightly colored flowers and small bags of spices in low tones , then left her strictly alone .
moonlight blossoms .
it explains why the flowers are stripped off .
the flower 's release their scent slowly .
the flower here is an invitation to camp , that 's what the add - on to this bush is too .
starting with the flowers .
more flowers .
worn up in a seemingly endless catalogue of elegant styles , her long thick dark hair was usually adorned with all sorts of feminine accoutrements : chop - sticks , biros , butterflies , feathers , flowers or fluffy fandangles ... you name it ; her wages just about covered the bills for the hairstylist , the waxing - salon , the pedicurist , the manicurist and the masseuse .
it was a connoisseurs batch concocted from an authentic recipe of medicinal plants and flowers , including a healthy portion of wormwood , all macerated in a wine - based alcohol and distilled in one hundred year old alembics .
` ` wow , nice flowers , i like this place , the warm water feels so wonderful .
i remarked how our shirts made us invisible in front of the flowers .
i saw some palm trees , some ferns , hibiscus and some plants with trumpet shaped flowers i could nt name .
has these pretty trumpet shaped flowers .
sure enough , there were a few plants on the lawns with pretty trumpet shaped flowers .
the sun shines , the flowers wilt , and the desert awaits the next passing cloud .
like a slowly opening flower it reveals itself in stages .
perhaps they both thought they made up for it in other ways , like harveys gifts of flowers and perfume , or the way she left him room to move , to take control .
` ` hello , xavier , she said , eyeing the flowers and smiling .
they d blossom , and i d gag .
you know , the gossamer yellow one with the flowers all over it .
when two relative strangers are occupying , what amounts to , a single cell , the considered subject for conversation can be a delicate blossom .
two , flowers bloom in season .
cinaster is a beguiling combination of cinnamon and aster flowers .
he was like a child giving his mom a bunch of flowers , he was so proud of himself .
one parishioner stood up proudly wearing a straw hat carefully adorned with silk flowers , plastic robins eggs , and biodegradable easter basket grass .
she wore a white , narrow - brimmed hat that had a collage of bright flowers strewn around it .
the big flowers on the shirt had melted into a glob of indistinguishable color .
the streets are lined with potted trees and millions of year - round flowers .
in slow motion he lifted a necklace of dark wooden beads carved into flowers from his neck and hung them on mine .
no nonsense , practical , fun and genuine , she enjoys simple things , life without its complications , usually handled by clarity , flower or lanai .
` ` yes , there it is , the flower is open now , but you must find the reference in our book to rosebud , in order to progress with your spiritual development , which includes delight of the senses and a body chart .
chapter four ` ` the holy flower is the navel area , the chi - chung point , leading to the sea of chi point , slightly lower , and to the ovarian palace . ''
a golden flower pendant adorned her neck .
she looked down at scafarel below the waist and felt as though the business woman had a flower , a hibiscus or calla lilly between her legs , with sepals , petals , style , and stigma .
scafarel gave away dozens of colorful flowers to the women , thanking them or their husbands for all the diligent work done with the joint venture .
place the water out of the flower and get the flower in the tube . ''
scafarel dropped on the owens & owell heirs the vase filled with water fed to the rose of levity , without the flower itself , placed in a thin glass tube on the conference table .
he s done everything from grafting seedlings to hiring beekeepers for pollinating orange blossoms .
the grove was in full late winter bloom and hud set the window ventilator to wide open to scoop the scent of the orange blossoms into the cab .
she pulled the car onto the orange blossom trail and headed north , for home .
the fabrics of the furniture are all solids , with no old fashioned flower patterns of any kind .
emerging onto the parade ground they saw a small tent under which were long folding tables graced with white table clothes , vases of flowers , and wine buckets filled with champagne .
the dancers let the politico in , but when stirg tried to enter he was met with a barrage of flower vases filled with water .
i lay among lovely flowers that come , the warming rains , and the summer sun .
on occasion well bring home flowers or candy .
are flowers and a card enough ?
the knobs were white with red flower design in the middle .
a delivery woman was standing there with a bouquet of flowers .
valley forge national historic park is only twenty miles away , and longwood gardens with stunning flowers and fountains and also exhibitions and concerts their christmas decorations are spectacular only sixteen miles away .
i giggled a little , like i was in a bath surrounded by flower petals .
this involved climbing an apple tree -- and being careful not to destroy any of the blossoms -- then leaping to the roof , spiderman style , and finally balancing on two of the spokes in that rope wheel -- one of which had actually been wrapped around a swamp cooler -- while crossing to the hub .
my room is filled with flowers and balloons and my voicemail is filled with potential new clients and one message from the totally clueless max raddich , asking me what the name is of the company that turned murphy into robocop .
she was wearing a white color frock which was printed with small pink flowers .
for most of the time i had been struggling to match my pace with her , but thankfully , i was also getting intermittent breaks when she would stop every then and now to look about a nearby flower , a shrub or a grand trunk of tree .
it was not very clean but the only filth visible on it was the dried leaves or the wild flowers which had dropped from the side - way trees .
although these lanes do not look broomed so well , yet the dry leaves and wild flowers scattering all over do not look any bad either .
i saw her white color frock again which had many small pink flowers printed on it .
her white frock printed with small pink flowers was mysteriously wonderful .
in flowers , chiefly were there the lilies and jasmine .
seeing the fruits and flowers she asked with surprise .
the hall was decked out fabulously in bunting , ice sculptures , flowers and balloons , but the lack of a crowded unsettled her .
along one wall was an old brown wardrobe , a few battered chairs , a bland picture of flowers in a vase and a statue of a calico cat .
the packet read : century plant : these iron - hard seeds sprout at their own schedule , waiting centuries if need be for the right conditions , suddenly thriving and producing vivid orange blossoms like the fire that consumes the phoenix , and disappearing just as quickly .
as he shoved some dirt back over it with the toe of shoe he scoffed but noticed that his minds eye was already conjuring a scene of expert horticulturalists from miles around gathered at his place , congratulating white and witnessing this rarest and most beautiful of desert blossoms that none of them had ever been able to nurture before .
clarity saw flower running towards them , followed by afterflow .
at the entrance , cubandor was waiting with flower and lanai , and he led them inside a white limousine .
it had an overwhelmingly feminine scent to it , a fragrance mixed with an impossible combination of sugary flower and sweet fruit that i had never smelled before .
during summer months , blades of grass and delicate flower petals barely have enough time to realize they were allotted a tiny sip of moisture before the sun is chasing it away .
if cherry blossoms had the capability of speech , they would sound just like her , sweet and syrupy .
the limbs are strong , flexible and the blossoms can protect themselves .
she was n't sure what a violet looked like , but she tried to imagine the scent of a small purple flower .
the ceiling was white and bordered by intricate plaster mouldings of leaves and flowers .
much greener , lots of wild flowers .
somehow i suspected that they gathered in one place , one elegant and graceful place with flowers and fruit trees and ivory - coloured buildings with real glass windows and a faade covered in flowering plants .
the woods were quite beautiful , mature trees , small bushes covered in berries , wild flowers of all varieties .
it was delightful , the smell of cherry blossoms was everywhere .
when she climbed the stairs to the apartment she was surprised to find it neat , clean , sparsely furnished and again smelling of cherry blossoms .
there was a hint of cherry blossoms in the air .
illia entered a dark room that smelled of cherry blossoms , yet slightly medicinal .
please , what is that aroma , cherry blossoms .
i ' ve smelled it before , in the curios shop , in my apartment when ... '' the old woman turned and said in a hoarse voice : ` ` cherry blossoms , an emblem of love yet they signify the fleeting nature of mortality . ''
what was also quite unusual was the smell : cherry blossoms .
we often picnicked in the park which was now filled with blossoms .
we also discover that clem is good with flowers .
they live in mushroom houses and they all have duties such as cleaning up twigs , feeding squirrels , watering flowers and picking weeds .
one day , i think it was a saturday , tiddley woke up and drank some flower nectar and ate some beet chocolate and walked about golden forest listening for laughter .
ashley 's house smelled of cherry blossom body spray and lavender explosion laundry detergent .
let 's just get back to the tulip growing , its stem getting taller and thicker and its flower getting bigger and redder , the petals stretching with the sound of silk curtains rubbing against each other -- and never mind your parents ' pants ripping !
lucky for these mothers , the flower was about to get its come - uppance .
mrs . purn screamed and leapt away as a branch with a hard knobby apple encased in streaks of bark drew back and then another branch with an eyeball within the folds of a pink blossom peered through .
its branches flailed everywhere , the blossom petals that functioned as the now red and streaming eye - fruit 's eyelids blinked furiously , and it stumbled drunkenly around .
i may not have been one of those types who are always bombarding their loved ones with flowers and love poems , but she knew how i felt about her deep down .
a green picket fence penned in a small but picturesque garden bursting with plants and budding flowers .
your father always used to bring me flowers .
she was the one who insisted on the gorgeous white mermaid gown with crystal - appliqud bodice , the waldorf astoria chicago ballroom wedding venue , a twenty - piece orchestra , enough flowers to reforest the amazon , and an intimate gathering of four - hundred guests .
those things over there ; the bushes with the pinkish flowers .
his mom never should have sent him his list of dreamy - eyed ideals along with the birthday card shed hand made with pressed flowers and a reminder to come home for the weekend to celebrate his milestone birthday .
pelted in a rain of hymnal books and plastic flowers , she and dean sprinted for the fire exit .
they posed for photos inside a lattice covered with pink flowers .
unfortunately , it had also been tarnished by the perception that as soon as this delicate flower had come into bud it was prematurely pruned .
on the cream walls , the only decoration was a framed crocheted flower the size of a paperback cover .
he used to sit for hours under our hanging baskets in dawson creek , waiting for flowers to drop , then pounce on them and bring them to me . ''
on a shiny spring day , with trees and bushes in full blossom , and birds chirping in chorus , he walked up to her on campus and offered to fix her jammed bicycle chain .
we all went searching about the store for anything that resembled shiny black flowers .
the lawn stretched out , drenched in diamond - like dewdrops , and the breathtaking banks of spring flowers shimmered under the moons milky rays .
she said holding fresh flowers .
among the immaculate gardens of blossoms and roses enjoyed by the prolific bird life is the jubilee chapel complex .
she had a remarkable time breathing in the outside air of sweet flower fragrances and watching the glowing sun set .
dozens of different kinds of white flowers adorned the church and a profound feeling of bottomless love filled the air .
as the bullets ( he fired five times , emptying the magazine ) shattered my head to bits and clove my poor chest in three places , i opened from within like a flower , not even feeling the shock of battering pain .
teeny tiny little golden flowers that smell nice .
an ' fresh as flowers .
then , she and her faithful school - friends entered the gratelike silver screen hovering inches above the attic floor , with a nasa control panel on the inside , beyond which all in pastoral space of largesse was magic , colorful and full of monstrous dreamscape flora , trees , clouds , bushes , rivers , rainbow flowers and miles of exquisite greening scenery .
but in the end , the last flower expressed his need for peace , and one fancy dream of mine involving having exactly one child between me and the man .
she was really sweet , your mother was , she tipped me $ 5 every time i delivered those flowers . ''
it is believed that jerboa developed his extraordinary powers through his baptism in the river juru ( a river 1900 km ( 1200 miles ) in length which rises in east central peru and flows north east across nw brazil to join the amazon ) in the rainforest , wherein his parents , keen botanists searching for the rare and wonderful juru flower , ( a large fern - like plant with vivid maroon and orange flowers ) , were killed and eaten by marauding jaguars .
it is believed that jerboa developed his extraordinary powers through his baptism in the river juru ( a river 1900 km ( 1200 miles ) in length which rises in east central peru and flows north east across nw brazil to join the amazon ) in the rainforest , wherein his parents , keen botanists searching for the rare and wonderful juru flower , ( a large fern - like plant with vivid maroon and orange flowers ) , were killed and eaten by marauding jaguars .
jarrah jambres , under the working title of the great jambres ( or grand juggler ) , specialised for fourteen years in the production of large brown hares ( and hairs ) from black top hats , the ostentatious ( and probably welcome ) removal of bunched yellow flowers from people 's ears and the sawing in quarters of trained assistants until the high cost of the insurance premiums forced him to discontinue this particular act .
i sweep up in the blossom season , so you may call me the flower keeper if you wish , although i should tell you that i am one of noble rank concealed in a lowly appearance .
the moon is rising over mount otoba and shines through the cherry blossoms .
the flowers have a wonderful smell in the soft moonlight . ''
the page was completed with a doodle of a lamb skipping over a hillock and a couple of flowers that looked remarkably like kisses and a rainbow somehow contriving to resemble the curve of a hockey stick .
when veda woke , in that comfortable bed surrounded by pillows and cushions and other fluffy things , she felt that everyone in the world must have sent her flowers .
8 ) jaana n. small tropical wading bird with disproportionally straight claws jabiru n. large stork , the tallest flying bird in the americas , the name meaning swollen neck jacaranda n. kind of tropical american hardwood tree with scented wood and blue flowers jezail n. long afghan musket jonquil n. species of narcissus , daffodil with rush - like leaves , pale yellow jabot n. ornamental frill on woman 's bodice jemadar n. junior native officer of indian army ; head servant ; sweeper jannock adj .
one large bouquet of flowers here !
looks like , uh , some kind of yellow flowers mixed with whiteroses ?
jesse sent jakes mom flowers and a card to apologize but refuses to talk to jake .
i took the flowers and set them on a table in the living room .
the bride held two carnation flowers in her hand .
this was filled by bags of fertilizer , stacked in rows and interspersed by a profusion of purple - headed thistles , nettles in full flower and fleshy , fetid weeds that even the florist herself , gwynnes sister , could not name .
oh marla , the blossom !
that said , the way in which serena used the same weary stock phrases , delivered in a creaky pitch of delight ( one which had nt altered a jot over the past decade ) suggested that serenas interest in the blossom was even feebler than her own .
unlike the blossom , serenas true enthusiasms surrounded her at all times of the year outrageously expensive clothes .
the blossom , the clothes , and now the hair , the more marla learned about serena the more she ached afterwards .
look at all these fabulous flowers .
if marla did nt , then serena would have to rely on her fifty - quid haircut and the blossom in spring to make fast the illusion of immortality against the onslaught of all - consuming time .
that same day , over two thousand miles to the southwest , elvis and pancho and melissa were sprawled on the floor of the san luis secondary building supervisor 's office with rotund tony rivera rolling over each of them in turn , squashing melissa 's size d boobs , nearly herniating pancho 's abdominal muscles and cracking elvis ' genuine navajo squash blossom silver belt buckle supposedly snuggled safely underneath the protective cover of his gun belt .
genuine navajo squash blossom silver belt buckles were n't all that easy to come by .
if we got really stoned , we would play hide n go seek through the maze of evergreens and fern bushes and wild flowers and have a ball of a time and almost believe in god because we had this whole little word all to ourselves .
most of the visitors were elderly folk who d spent their whole lives in cities and had never seen so many trees and flowers all in one place .
look at all the pretty flowers !
it was a gorgeous day , the birds were chirping , the sun was out , people were riding their bikes , all the flowers and trees were in full bloom , and the ocean breeze was running through the streets just enough to catch a whiff of seaweed and salt .
as their flowers opened to take in the sight below them , they in turn blotted out the sun .
upon reaching the other end they could observe a spacious , pastoral meadow , with rolling hills covered in odd - looking monolithic flowers , punctuated by a vast forest , beyond which they could see nothing .
alas , though , fortune favoured them and these were not carnivorous beings , but had descended from the skies to land in the flowers .
a flower in eternal life is greater than a galaxy here in dream life .
the wallpaper complimented the furniture , offering fleeting shades of pink ; birds and flowers scribed gently within the pattern .
shimmering rocks supported strategically placed vines , and plants held flowers that inspired romance .
he asked , touching a dumpy bush with clusters of lavender flowers .
grows produces flowers .
a moment later he returned with a thick - stemmed plant that had a cluster of heart - shaped flowers .
three vampires pounced immediately , slapping at the flowers and making a deep , happy sound like a purr .
beautiful singing , high - pitched , and the bare tiles seemed suddenly filled with flowers .
we see paper targets , silhouettes of men , while the butterflies see only the flowers of missouri . ''
these flowers are lovely .
oh , that rose is huge , i said , pointing to an enormous blossom flushed with pink , orange and yellow .
see that deep magenta flower ?
bucket was draped with strings of flowers and wore a beautifully embroidered sombrero with holes cut out for her ears .
the stone and adobe courtyard was full of trees and beautiful flowers .
germaine gives me one last , long dirty look with her beady eyes before sniffing the air around me and spraying the orange blossom scent in my direction and then , she slammed the door hard in my face .
she has the place already kitted out with everything laid on in neat rows as i discover that i am to be a springtime favourite , in the guise of an old cherry blossom tree .
in addition , i have actual branches of fake pink blossoms jetting out of the relevant heavy headdress .
i was thinking that you could gracefully sway in the wind and scatter some cherry blossom in the process .
alison is finally finished and i have just about had enough of all this already , never mind parading around the stage with a load of heavy cherry blossom fake branches attached to my now throbbing head .
just look at it , i say as charlie does as he s told for once before he plucks a handful of yellow flowers to bring back to me .
the sound of the water in conjunction with the singing birds , the warming sun , and smell of flowers were altogether overwhelming .
she choked on the smells of incense and flowers .
this concludes week one of the flowers of keiwha , first year .
this is point at which we say that the subject material of this work is the flowers of keiwha and tip our hat to jean - luc goddard , who taught us all to put the title about a fifth of the way into the work .
the great divali festival is underway , the long line of elephants is reverently worshipped by the korean - indian population , as flowers are garlanded from street to street and water is sprinkled on the ground .
he sent me flowers , with an apology note .
now the children wore bracelets , anklets and necklaces and girdles of grasses and flowers , as well as circlets of various designs over their hair .
last spring had transformed our alley of winter mud into a gorgeous , green row of almost attractive hobbit holes , complete with spontaneous wild flowers sprouting even from the roofs of our rude dwellings .
give , said the little rain , give oh give , give oh give , give , said the little rain , as it fell upon the flowers .
but in getting to know her gardener , the dried up well of inspiration began to sniff toward her gardener like a bee to a flower blossom .
his stubbornly untrained eye could not tell which ones were flowering weeds and which real flowers .
nearby was the youth , sitting with his back to him in the meadow of grass and flowers , gazing up at the stunning vista of cosmic light .
there were no trees , of course , since we were way above the tree line , but there were scattered bushes and many wild flowers .
the scenery was extraordinarily beautiful : meadows , fields , forests , streams , all lush and green , filled with flowers , and the stark mountains of the caucasus looming in the background .
instead of a cramped apartment , we had a comfortable house , a large garden , trees , flowers .
there are flowers everywhere , fruits on glass dishes , cookies , music is being played , the music from wfln , the classical music station that tom loves so much .
and the girls , with a red flower , in hair dark as ink that shined in the sun .
the gesture is a mix between the closing and opening of a flower , it is the flight of a dragonfly .
how i love the smell of sweet orange blossoms .
blood flowers on the grout .
adorned with sea glass and orange blossoms , julia is vibrant .
the scent of orange blossoms is carried away as the orange turns to the blue green , which smells like it looks .
the damned whispered as once had the flowers and leaves , speaking their names in a thousand tongues , expressing their need of jerian .
jerian 's fatigue washed the colour from his skin - but it was warm , the air moist , insects stirring in its embrace as the day nipped back the overlapping shades of plant fronds , green and brown here and there splashed with raw colour , red and blue , violet and orange blossoms , fruits , dangling petals like dogs ' exhausted tongues , the marsh an environment distinct within borders of fern and alder .
dried flowers and grass - tied bunches of herbs adorned the stone walls .
the surrounding trees looked almost as if they had been planted , deliberately arranged , as if to some grand design , features , along with the grasses and flowers , of some wondrous garden , a manicured paradise - lacking animals .
continuing from the base of the cliff , not turning to regard its formations , he found the earth rougher , the grass thinner , the flowers sparse , as if a poisoned stream leaked from hiding between the rocky feet of the lowest ranks of soldiers , the verdant stalks above out of reach of its strangling tendrils , while here the ground sloped downwards , prone to assault and flood .
jerian watched as flowers burst through the tumbled soil and stretched , unfolding leaves and fronds , petals in every shade to compliment the green of the meadow .
blossoms tinted his pale cheeks and grasses appeased his feet , their echoes infusing his lips with a smile .
the buds of flowers , compact and opening , bloomed from a nest of twisted stems between her gently sloping shoulders .
music begins to play from an antique record player ; faint notes escaping the flume of the phonograph which is spread out like the golden leaves of a flower .
she raised her arms out like a bird and breathed in deeplythe air smelled of flowers and the breeze from the water carried a myriad of scents that she had grown rather fond of .
to compare her beauty to anything such as a flower or sunset would be fruitless ; her beauty carries a constant air of happiness and contentment .
she wore a long dress with nondescript flowers of the same matching red that trailed from her top down to the hem of her dress .
it has a sprinkling of white and purple where the flowers are ready to open .
jamie lay on a blanket asleep and rosie , with the hem of her long , full skirt in her hand to make a sack , collected petals of wildflowers all over the hillside and then she stood over jamie and let her skirt fall , and all the petals of wild roses and laurel blossoms fell , burying jamie in softness and scent .
he brought her all the early spring blossoms and especially those he noticed she preferred when she walked out in the woods .
more than the wild roses or exotic azalea blossoms , stillbird loved lilacs and often broke off a sprig to carry with her throughout the day .
perhaps remembering a scene stillbird did nt know he had witnessed , abel filled their bed with lilac blossoms one april night and begged her to let him love her gently , promising he d never be rough with her again , and because she was tired of his unshed tears , she suffered him to enter her person a second time .
mary was old enough to care for it , knew what were weeds and what would grow and bloom into colorful flowers , and she took care of the garden with all the love and attention she would like to have enjoyed .
it was a soft white blanket that covered the ground and the flowers and the budding trees and its whiteness blended with the whiteness of the sky .
but it warmed up on this spring day and the sun emerged , pale at first and then brighter and finally began to melt the snow and the colors of the flowers came through at last .
by then the wild laurel blossoms were all over the woods like exotic miniature orchids .
one man carved puppets out of wood , a woman brought cans of pickles , another a cloth bag of dried flowers and spices .
no tree , plant or flower would ever grow or decay , no man - made structure would ever be put to use or be demolished , nor would the slice of a moon ever wax into a whole orange or wane into nothingness .
very beautiful flowers .
since the age of miracles had passed , i settled for the explanation that , estimating the time of the arrival of the mail , she would stop scrubbing , rise from the floor , begin to dry her hands as shed cross the vestibule , and post herself with her ear , which i d never seen but imagined was small and pink as a cherry blossom , against the door to listen for footsteps outside .
she was a big woman and wore a silk - like dress that had big flowers all over it .
the logo itself , designed by lorraine schneider , was drawn child - like , with a simple sunflower in black ink on a yellow background and the words written around the flower stalk .
the dew clung to the yellow of the goldenrod ; to the umbrella - like flowers of queen annes lace and the upper structures of mullein .
no matter how much they pruned , mulched , watered and fertilized it , each bud turned out to be yet another green leaf and no flower .
when maggie alice and ishmael did go to see the grave they found an old rose bush that had no flowers on it , just a lot of tall spindly stalks filled with thorns and shiny deep green leaves .
the old woman gave sarah a bitter brew made from a plant with small lacey white flowers and told her to return on the third day if the bleeding had not stopped .
at 6:30 in the morning dew glistened on the grass , early blooming flowers , and the leaves , some of them embryonic here in early may .
a bee flitted from flower to flower on the acacia bush right below where she stood .
the air was sweet with the scent of pine and more faintly of spring flowers .
two of the walls had matching pictures of vases of flowers , one with red roses , the other with white .
he looked at the flowers lining the path , the trees wearing new coats of shining leaves , the birds that flitted among the branches or hopped on the ground , the deep blue of the sky , all with eyes of wonder .
he pointed to the abundant andcharlie thoughtbeautiful purple flowers called purple loosestrife and mentioned that it was an exotic not native to america that was driving some native species close to extinction .
in this way they took notes and made sketches of about twenty - five specimen in an hourplants , insects , birds and amphibians , including a pied - billed grebe , two species of cattail , two different dragonflies , a little sulphur butterfly with black - tipped yellow wings , new england aster , a daisy - like flower purplish in color with a hairy stem and smooth , toothless leaves , a marsh wren and the like .
one flower that they spent a long time discussing had a long stem with filament - like leaves and small yellow flowers .
one flower that they spent a long time discussing had a long stem with filament - like leaves and small yellow flowers .
the yellow and black striping of a bee hovering over the flowers caught the suns rays through the shade of a tree and glowed brilliantly .
he liked to talk to the working men in the yards and they would stop to talk to him , tell him stories , point out the flowers and the trees the owners had brought from foreign places , taking pride in these gardens as if these gardens belonged to them .
his wife however still liked to remark on the spring flowers , the birds , the sunshine and the rain and the fairy tale whiteness of the winter snows .
he cried then and his tears fell on the heart shaped seed and it throbbed as if about to burst into flower .
three clear rushing mountain streams pooled in a hidden valley and then meandered in wide curves through a meadow filled with wild flowers , before falling from this exquisite ledge down through a rocky canyon and on into the world beyond .
he picked some laurel flowers and wrapped the woody stems in a wet rag and lay the bundle on the seat beside him .
violence , a potent seed that blooms into grotesque distorted flowers .
clowns and dancing competitions fill the squares and every bar is decked out in streamers and flowers and plays music for traditional dances .
it was good to breathe again the springtime scents of kalawonta : new grass , cowpats , early brush flowers , eucalyptsnone individually defineda heady holistic aroma .
f is for flower , and fire .
sometimes under cherry blossom or behind the bicycle shed .
he wandered about for fifty three minutes , touching a plant here , opening a door there , a maze that ever expanded the more his slow gait carried his absentminded shuffle through millions of species only the few had names for beyond flower , bush , tree .
she stood before him holding a small pot with a small flower , purple like the evenstars , ' this is what you 're looking for . '
it grew more and more , blooming flowers that wilted and fell to the earth as quickly as they sprouted .
the flower blossomed in furious shades .
covered by flowers and new plantlife , the camera fell from an overhead shot to a point of view at the place where the woman 's feet used to be .
how everything smells a certain way in the rain , even flowers and people , that scent of rain permeates and lives in everything .
this spiritual practice is called a lotus flower .
thus , controlling the growth of this flower lets you get rid of negative thoughts that constantly turn over in your head .
it grows further , leaves cover the stalk , then comes a small flower bud .
and finally , getting more and more of the power of love , the bud blossoms out into a lotus .
the lotus flower is at first golden , but on growing it becomes dazzling white .
this flower is generated by the energy of love , i emphasize , by the internal energy of love .
and the more you feel love towards the whole world , to all the people and to your surroundings , the bigger the flower becomes .
and if you start to get angry , the flower becomes weak .
thus , when this flower blossoms and starts to increase in size , it starts to emit vibrations instead of a scent , the so - called leptons or gravitons , call them as you like , that is , the energy of love .
thus , when this flower blossoms and starts to increase in size , it starts to emit vibrations instead of a scent , the so - called leptons or gravitons , call them as you like , that is , the energy of love .
this internal concentration of love is located in the flower .
when you reach the stage when lotus petals surround you from all sides , you feel two flowers .
you feel how this flower starts heating up inside with a special warmth , the divine warmth of love .
a divine substance a soul awakens in the lotus flower , in harmony and love inside of you .
the material flower does not exist there , of course .
the fact that the spiritual practice of the lotus flower has existed for so long may be proven by various ancient sources .
and if you look for the literature on this issue , you will find evidence that egyptian myths and legends say that even their sun god was born out of the lotus flower .
this flower served as a throne for isis , horus , and osiris .
in china and india , this flower depicts purity and chastity .
in china , they think that there is a special western heaven with a lotus lake and that every flower growing there is bound to the soul of a dead person .
as earlier the animal nature prevailed in most people , the lotus flower was given only to the chosen ones , spiritually mature individuals .
the buddhists imagine their paradise as an unusual place where people are born like gods on the lotus flower .
i had seen the flower in a book , but not its seeds .
i found out the following : the lotus is a water - resistant perennial herbaceous plant with a long stalk and large flowers reaching 30 centimeters in diameter and resting upon big leaves .
the lotus flower has twenty - two to thirty petals , faintly pink at the foundation and bright at the top , located spirally around the seminal box .
this seminal box , located in the center of the flower , looked similar to a golden cork , with multiple fibers around of the same color .
it is interesting that the lotus flowers are always facing the sun : a little lower than the point of the pedicle attachment , the lotus has a so - called reaction zone that catches the light .
it means that the flower is able to maintain its internal temperature just like birds , mammals , and people do .
its not necessary to have a flower there .
but it worked well only when i specifically concentrated on the lotus flower , doing some kind of physical work .
without wasting time , sensei started discussing our attempts to bring up the flower of lotus .
tell me please , nikolai andreevich again joined the conversation , regarding the lotus flower , i would like to ask if all people perceive these fibers of love positively ?
its an echo of the spiritual practice the flower of lotus .
in the beginning , buddha gave this simple practice in a pure form to the majority of people so that everyone would have access to the spiritual practice of the flower of lotus for awakening the soul .
it had great resonance among people because its spiritual practices were simple and easy to understand , especially the flower of lotus .
and on the flower of lotus as well ?
in its union with the divine power of love , about which we spoke in the lotus flower , it gives birth to such a power that can really create impossible things .
he replied that , quite on the contrary , it was very useful because then a human works more on himself spiritually , while the lotus flower also awakens the soul .
and the most important thing , we should constantly cultivate in ourselves divine love by performing the lotus flower .
just like the lotus flower ?
if the stick blossoms after that , it will mean that it was christ .
either because of contemplation of this divine beauty or because of senseis presence , my lotus flower began to increase its activity , distributing pleasant flows all over my body .
the horseman rushed with his horse across a huge field of beautiful flowers .
in fact , there was a whole field of the biggest , most beautiful flowers around him .
every morning i 'd go out and toss chicken feed to them from my apron and breathe in the blossoms and say a line from a poem i 'd forgotten : ` ` one topmost mordent of wisteria . ''
she has come a long way to marry the surfboard man and live in this tropical place where oaks and beeches and luna park are only a memory , but where the bamboo grows palpably overnight and the fields of sugar cane line the roads and their mauve flower spikes wave in the breeze .
by the time were ready to go home , the room is filled with flowers and gifts .
we observe their progress and clap our hands when we see tiny pea pods emerging from the plants flowers .
soon , there are flowers on the tomato plants .
then , tiny deep green bulbs appear at the flowers center .
at night i listen to morgens stories of the bean plants progress and the tiny flowers on the tomato plants .
if you were to dig beneath one of the random gorse bushes , chopping at shallow roots and dispersing orange - yellow blossom , puzzled as to the origin and constitution of the increasingly plastic clays , dizzy with effort , you believed , and weary of the search , you would , if you were obdurate , come ultimately upon the brittle hardness of wax - shielded concrete .
she wandered over , offered him a yellow blossom , went to fetch her shoes , socks and haversack .
8 he allowed the boat to ride the current , its slowness appealing , drifting him beneath a variety of languid trees , colourful blossoms , creepers .
11 on the planet formalhaut , tucked neatly into a hillside and smothered with amber blossom , the blue sun at its permanent zenith , one of a pair , and the yellow - green clouds spiralling languidly through the creamy firmament , austin pearce lay in his hammock composing songs and star charts , organizing the galaxy into units and segments , each a different size and shape to its neighbours , each unique in constitution , delineation , ethos .
the forest appeared to go on forever , the world turned over to acorns and blossom .
it was n't just a single blossom , either , but a complex , irregular blend of every wood and jungle that had ever existed .
staples ' curiosity became aroused when the newcomer began constructing a villa on his favourite hillside ; moreover , on a large flat rock surrounded by complimentary amber blossoms , that , no matter the cloud cover and regardless of the presence of rain , was always just the right temperature .
the matthew flowers we 're after has two ts in his name .
a pathway through a perfectly manicured lawn with yellow flowers passed underneath the archway .
* * * * * table of contents the masters chair the mask lilacs camille 280 se a thousand lights the night garden blue moon look away one by one enterprize rain of gold leaves the window washer chinese laundry the wizard of ice gallery uno lily mark avalanche woman in white a note about the writer the masters chair he saw the chair covered with fabrics , carpets and masses of flowers around it .
from all the sparkling windows hung waterfalls of flowers .
i am lying in a pool of sunlight , biting into the sweet stem of a white clover blossom .
all around are bushes loaded with fragrant white flowers : spiraea , bridal veil , snowball , white lilac .
in the spring it bloomed with the fragrance of chamomile and lilac , the bushes weighed down with white flowers dripping rain .
for two weeks the sun had been pulling blossoms from bare branches like a magician pulling colored scarves from his sleeve .
the geraniums were scorched , their flowers black , their leaves withered and etched with the palm prints of death .
the piece i m ironing would be worn by a young lady of the house , perhaps to view the blossoms or the moon .
i noticed it just before taking a sip , floating on top of the murky liquid , its wings like two blossom petals , smooth as silk .
i did nt pay much attention to the old woman until , even in the growing humidity of summer , i noticed she continued to appear daily in a deep - blue , rhinestone - studded evening gown , black opera cape , and an outrageous floppy easter - parade hat covered with bouquets of little multicolored silk flowers .
in the spring the trees danced against the sky when the wild flowers bloomed ; in summer , the sound of their branches was a rivulet of gossip on the warm air ; and in the fall the trees rustled in eager anticipation of the christmas harvest for that was their purpose , the reason they were grown .
it stood proud against the snow , branches filled with birds : glorious decorations that fluttered and sang to the yellow flower of the sun , the blue diamond of the moon , and the newborn child of bethlehem .
the girl sighed , a fresh blossom of tears welled up in her eyes .
around the trunk of the misshapen tree , a sprinkling of wild flowers made a sharp contrast to the rolling green around it .
although she could not remember the occasion of the photograph , bett could easily recall the wonder of the pink , red and burgundy blossoms reaching ten feet into the air .
the seeds of omas seeds had been producing flowers in betts gardens for almost forty years .
as she did nt have the heart to uproot a volunteer and as it proved impossible to collect every double blossom seed pod , bett had become resigned to having omas beautiful pink , cerise , red , cream and burgundy blossoms , so carefully collected and tended over the years , mix with the fecund sog of the doubles .
as she did nt have the heart to uproot a volunteer and as it proved impossible to collect every double blossom seed pod , bett had become resigned to having omas beautiful pink , cerise , red , cream and burgundy blossoms , so carefully collected and tended over the years , mix with the fecund sog of the doubles .
bett had never been able to understand what kind of person , whether scientist or plant lover , would want to stretch the genetic boundaries of a hollyhock so that it produced a profusion of flowers that better belonged on a carnation or mum .
worse , the double blossoms so quickly turned to pulp .
after a shower or a day or two of muggy weather , the blossoms were like the rain - soaked aftermath of a tissue flower homecoming float .
she pulled the car half off onto the verge while being careful to avoid a patch of blooming fireweed , its hot pink flowers somewhat muted by a thin covering of dust , and a large clump of gone - by lazy susans whose burry heads were crooked over as if in hung in shame .
but , the means for unending flowers .
she felt a queer need to talk to the lump as she would to a baby or to any obstreperous lifea whining child , queenie tugging on her leash at the beach , a cormorant shrieking that it should have the highest point of a small rock to dry its wings , a morning glory pushing through the palisade to open its blossoms on the far side of the fence .
as brad and neil stood talking to one another , lise dropped to her haunches to pick and smell the grass and the white blossoms of a rosa rugosa .
as she snipped stems , bett murmured longfellows paean to fennel from the goblet of life : above the lowly plant it towers , the fennel , with its yellow flowers , and in an earlier age than ours , was gifted with the wondrous powers , lost vision to restore .
the time to dig out dandelions was before the blossoms turned to seed , before they could be scattered by the wind .
on the right side of the bed , nearer the door , were a wheeled patient table and a night stand filled with flowers .
she counted four four - inch pots of cyclamen , each topped with pale pink blossoms , each pot wrapped in gold foil .
making these exotic members of the primrose family look plebian was an arrangement that held several orange and blue crane - shaped blooms of a bird of paradise , the ripening red pine cone - like bracts of a ginger blossom and some type of purple orchid she did nt recognize .
there were small blossom shapes that looked a little bit like grape hyacinths interspersed with long branches of cells .
the shapes of the flowers and branches were given added definition from the contrast with their background of pale mucin cells .
columbus day passed and the eggplant put forth dozens of new lavender blossoms .
it had beaten down the hollyhocks so low that at a first glance at the large leaves and trumpet blossoms trailing on the ground one might have mistaken them for some exotic variety of squash .
she wanted it to blow fiercely cold air , unrelentingly , until every blossom head hung down , every plant leaf was curled , and every maple and oak branch was stripped to its brown skeleton .
plants continued to grow , blossom and fruit .
the punchbowl of glass , with hand - painted gold and silver flowers , had been sent from germany as a wedding present for opas parents .
the leaves looks like marijuana and the flowers look like orchids and smell like skunk .
the most mundane actbillions and billions of seeds turned into millions of acres of wheatand the most exoticin less than ninety days , a hard black dot , smaller than a poppy seed , turn into a five foot cleome with dangling pods , ten inch blossoms of wands and petals , thorns , a strange smellwere miracles that had been too small or too big ever to have been much noticed by her .
i ca nt think of you without thinking of bushels of vegetables and baskets of flowers .
he knew the gray of the comfrey leaf looked wonderful with its purple flower , but later , when it had gone by and there was nothing but big gray , fuzzy leaves , he knew that that was going to clash with the delicate wisps of the bee balm blossoms .
he knew the gray of the comfrey leaf looked wonderful with its purple flower , but later , when it had gone by and there was nothing but big gray , fuzzy leaves , he knew that that was going to clash with the delicate wisps of the bee balm blossoms .
i can be patient and waita year for rhubarb , a couple for asparagus , or a lifetime for wisteria or for that stubborn grapefruit that i grew from seed that likes to leaf but never flowers or fruits .
so many different kinds of wild flowers i had seen , some in open meadows , some hidden in shadows , many along streams , some in high , dry country .
she kept this to herself and downplayed the fact that one day , she would live in a house with large , open spaces , with gardens , fresh flowers , and with people who smiled and who lived lives that were weightless .
the bouquet detracted its amorous impact ; it was dense , its flowers chaotically spread in all directions , hiding her left or right eye depending which gap he peered through .
the waiter placed the wine bottle and glasses on the table and moved the flowers to the window stand .
thus , a good photographer or an artist would notice a beautiful flower , landscape or cityscape , while this scenery would escape the attention of other people .
of course , of course , she said , trying to do too many things at once : help him take off his coat , take care of the flowers and unpack the box .
the blossoms that were all pinked and exploding loud feathery reflections of independence day .
such beautiful flowers and music ; and oh my , she had so many friends .
she smells like the spices and flowers that grow on the islands .
` ` are the flowers nice ? ''
and you 'll want some of the flowers of course , and the sap , maybe some bark to analyze .
look at these tiny flowers here , '' he says , pointing out the bizarre tiny flowers growing like a cluster of misshapen sequins covering the thick stem .
look at these tiny flowers here , '' he says , pointing out the bizarre tiny flowers growing like a cluster of misshapen sequins covering the thick stem .
taking his medicine bag , he pulls out a pocket knife and excises the base of the stem whose flowers had been used to introduce the lecture , including a half inch circle around the base , pulling it off at an angle that brings along a swathe of attached bark .
it picks up the barely perceptible scent of cherry blossoms , combining it with the sweet and spicy smells of a mixture of newborn garden flowers , and spreads the smell of spring everywhere .
oh these are for you , he said while handing over the flowers .
night blooming jasmine flowers and belladonna and citrus blossoms in the moonlight , its like a midsummer nights dream every nite .
night blooming jasmine flowers and belladonna and citrus blossoms in the moonlight , its like a midsummer nights dream every nite .
these trees aromatic blossoms scattered in the breeze like clumps of flattened hailstones .
perennial affection , like the succulent blossoms gracing these fields , requires replenishment oft .
pearl sensed that there was more to learn from covert conversation than a bushel full of pale flowers .
her hair was resplendent , blossoming with dozens of delicate , diminutive white flowers that wound gracefully throughout her long , flowing locks .
instead , the cherubic little girl with delicate white flowers in her hair reached out with her right arm , extended her forefinger , and raised her thumb .
he thought the dozens of delicate white flowers that wound intricately throughout her hair made it look as though her locks had been lovingly adorned with pure , living beauty .
amidst the immaculate grass , tiny white - and - yellow flowers sprouted forth in an abundant spray of color , picking up the glow of the morning sun and reflecting it as sparkling , buttery magic .
asked miles sardonically , not expecting an answer in any way from the mythical being who ostensibly created the universe as he looked around at the perfect green grass and the pretty little yellow - and - white flowers that surrounded him .
she was nt wearing any shoes , and in her perfectly blonde hair were dozens of little yellow - and - white flowers similar to the ones that sprouted joyfully from the grassy hills that surrounded them .
miles could see she had the same little white flowers in her hair and she was wearing the same crazy u can help her t - shirt his daughter had been wearing in his dream .
the air smelled of grass , and flowers and life .
miles simply embraced his daughter , once again smelling the delicate fragrance of the little white - and - yellow flowers that always seemed to adorn her hair .
here too there were beautiful sprays of color everywhere as a profusion of incredible flowers burst forth from the lush , green grass , and lovely cottages , painted in vibrant primary colors , dotted the landscape here and there as far as the eye could see .
bright red , blue , green , yellow the little houses looked like flowers themselves , adding their charming colors to the overall beauty of the bouquet .
catherine had lovely little yellow flowers all throughout her hair , and miles could smell their delicate fragrance as she leaned in close , her rose petal lips brushing against his cheek and ear .
mainstream scientists argue that the complexity of the natural world everything from flowers to whales to dna happened as a result of both chance and natural selection .
the cottage was surrounded by a manicured lawn and was nestled in amongst a profusion of colorful wild heather and other flowers that seemed to sprout unpredictably everywhere , growing right up to the walls of the cottage .
the colorful flowers spilling forth from the homes made it look as though the little houses were bursting with joy .
the little boy had a white flower in his shirt pocket , turner thought it looked like a daisy , and he was holding one of the balloons that were floating everywhere .
he was breathing hard and running fast , the little bunches of ubiquitous flowers blurring into swaths of color as he flew past them on legs with wings .
plush green grass and colorful outbursts of flowers painted the landscape as far as the eye could see , while a crystal - clear , trickling stream meandering playfully through the entire scene .
miles picked one of the little purple flowers that seemed to sprout up everywhere and placed it affectionately in his wifes hair as he looked at the white - gravel walkway running off into the distance .
mara sat in a swatch of grass among tall purple flowers that smelled like onions .
i scanned the pages of my freshman year and found on the twenty - first page a smushed piece of paper like a pressed flower : idea !
a bushel of purple flowers framed her cheek .
what are the flowers for ?
the pages smelled like flowers .
gently , the girl pinched a candle as if the shaft was a flower stem , plucked it from the brass stand , and held the flame to a new wick .
she found her spot in a shuddering patch of purple loosetrife ; weeds as tall as she was , red and violet flowers in symmetrical clumps , holding fast despite the wind .
she held the flower to her perfect lips , closed her eyes , and blew away the delicate seeds .
the ride twirled faster and faster until the words and flowers pulsated into a visual poem : i love you mara lynn , i love you mara lynn , i love you mara lynn .
small tables lined the walls , and each one displayed plastic flowers and pictures of boats , mountains , and hilly countrysides .
she wondered as she stared at the flowers that were now nearly buried beneath the falling autumn leaves .
what are the best kinds of flowers ?
while lewis felt that the motivation behind his question was perfectly clear julia could nt seem to be able to figure out what he was after , and had only responded with the first type of flower that came to mind .
soon enough the flowers began to bloom .
what are all these flowers for ?
and flippa 's flowers will grow up tall .
murphy did nt believe in paying for flowers .
murphy believed that flowers were given to man by the good lord , should nt be bought and sold .
mary believed that people gladly paid for the little ray of sunshine they purchased with a nice bouquet of flowers .
i deduced that summer was near when a flower bloomed outside of our cardboard door and an extremely hot thing above us in the sky burnt the bejesus out of our box .
no less than twenty times in five days tanya spent in hospital the perplexed nurses have been accepting flowers and cards from sundry men .
he picked apart a small red flower with his quick brown hands .
the cover was of a field dotted with small bright flowers , and beyond the hills the luminous sunset glowed warmly in the sky .
you stood across a small field from me ; flowers of yellow , red , and purple divided us , their fragrance surrounded us .
tiny blossoms were already appearing and the branches of trees were full of emerging buds .
revere the works of god , therefore , the works of he who commands the thunder , who shapes the blossom and who performs the daily works of life and death .
so does the precipice give forth blossoms , so does the volcano gush fruit and so do the hidden things come to light .
she was wearing a short sleeveless yellow dress with blue flowers that went down to just below her knees .
the small white flower patterns printed on the cloth are so pretty .
a field of flowers .
and here , as the tathagata lay down to rest , the sala trees , even though out of season , blossomed and snowed their flowers down upon him as a soft and fragrant blanket .
now , other blossoms , from the heavenly coral tree and from the very clouds themselves , drifted down from the sky upon celestial music .
shortly after this the buddha fell asleep , while ananda stayed awake by his side , watching the sala tree blossoms drift to earth to kiss the blessed one .
arrived at the pyre , siddhattha looked down at the very still man , dressed in fresh linen , decorated with newly cut , still fragrant yellow and white flowers .
ananda was nt very good with flower names .
it was as if the city did nt even exist , not a trace of it , just grass , trees , flowers , mixed with the chirping of bickering birds as if chirping had a scent .
interest blossoms .
she smells like summer blossoms in the middle of a meadow .
it should last for a while , but once the flower has gone , just bin it .
she rubbed her eyes and looked at the flowers and the breakfast arranged on the boxes .
the pictures were ugly too , i could see that now , those great gaping flowers , their centres dark as pits .
there on a thin nylon carpeted floor , unlined orange curtains blossoming with brown , giant flowers hanging in the steel - framed windows , a one bar heater to take the chill off the air , i joined a group of women , preparing our bodies for the birth .
my mother had placed them in the middle of the table every morning of the holiday , right in the central flower of the patterned oilcloth which protected the varnished pine table during mealtimes .
the one we took home at last , carefully rolled and gently placed in the car , was blue and red and green and gold with little shapes that looked like fantastical flowers , some exploding in little twisted tendrils reaching , but not quite touching the other shapes .
but the memory would be there , always there to savour , like the taste of nectar on the base of the dark red tubular flower that my ten year old hand reached out to pick , lifted to my mouth and sucked .
i d seen arrangements carried in for other women , pastel flowers all sweet smelling , with little eggs and blue bunnies , little yellow chicks set among them .
from out of his ears and mouth overflowed beautiful and vibrant orange flowers that , for some reason , looked particularly aromatic , if such a thing were possible .
the birds and the flowers .
as history tells it , in 747 ce , a buddhist monk and scholar named padmasambhava ( sanskrit for born of the lotus flower ) journeyed from northern india to tibet , where he established the first order of lamas , or monks .
then back to that other winter , so long ago : tomten vandrar till ladans loft dr har han bo och fste hgt p skullen i hets doft nra vid svalans nste nu r vl svalans boning tom men till vren med blad och blom kommer hon nog tillbaka fljd av sin npna maka tomten then returns to the barn loft where since long he has settled under the roof in the fragrant hay close by the swallows nest empty now of course but come spring , with leaf and flower shell return with her sweet husband yes , that s what he says .
white with delicate blue flowers , the cups looked as formal as his clothing .
the phul she wore on her left nostril had grown from the small diamond i remember to a little silver flower which matched her ear studs .
she had tender fingers and deep lungs and had learned the way of the trees and flowers and loved them the best .
and the wish , hidden in my heart like a blossom , that all who dwell on earth be found and resurrected , is that a yearning ?
for every molecule conspires , every atom , every quark , every proton , neutron , electron , every wink , kiss , heartbeat , every rush conspires , every mist , explosion , willow , fish , taxi , every shop , every smile , every smell , every flower , every street , grain of sand , drop of water , tasty sandwich , succulent fruit and beautiful forest all constantly conspire to fill the self and so extinguish him .
: yama : those who know the self as enjoyer of the honey from the flowers of the senses , ever present within , ruler of time , go beyond fear .
that those who , like you , realize that it is the real self who perceives , that smells the flower , that tastes the honey , that hears the symphony of the senses , that it is those who , like you , know who does the seeing , the hearing , and the smelling , that will , like you , transcend fear .
does it have other blossoms ?
for each star , seen or unseen , there are many earths , each one alive with blossom , alive with life .
in every flower , in every drop of rain , in every named and unnamed life that lives , said nachiketa .
like it has these trees , and beautiful music , and it smells like strawberries and vanilla , and the landscape is filled with flowers and lollypops and swing sets , and everyone wears he chuckled .
suddenly the right flower calls out , and while silent headlessness observes , arm reaches out and hand opens to grasp the stem .
people listened in different waysmost gazed up at him attentively , while some continued contemplating their flowers and twigs , and there were a few whisperers ( like the yes group ) , some puzzled squinters , and a couple of harmless gigglersmore the i get it kind of giggling , than the mocking kindand no one paid it much attention .
customs , manners , bright and flowing attire , clear and strong light , the stronger colours of flowers and foliage the images are always with me .
you / he / she had first of all had a preference for the freshest and bright chapel of the country , besides you / he / she had been able to avoid nauseating excesses of fresh flowers , embellishing the three small aisles with the narrow necessary : white , yellow and pink camellias .
chapter vii and he ca nt read through the music and he saw the baker whose daughter had died of consumption and the landlady whose brother had died in an early skirmish with the turks and the amateur composer whose wife had died in siberia after proclaiming dubious politics in suspect articles in questionable journals and they all rejoiced and the baked and the landed and the composed danced with their arms entwined and their room spun and he hurt in their ears and he tried a story below them to contain their jubilation in a spilt drop of ink but in the end the writer is not even allowed to live in his writing and the spiller can not hide in his spill though it be dark as a murder and the man of the east can not take partygoers or any other revellers seriously he feels they are actively missing the point the apical engorged point for want of imagination no less a wilted ostentation than that and their joy no rather the contentedness of reasonably happy reasonably fucked up people is a refusal of interpretation and their reasonable affable practicality combed as it is in pink utiles the yoke and the mute of fat pink flesh their practicality is a closing of the eye and from the primacy of practical reason it was always only a step to an hatred of theory and in a culture as theirs there is a bale on storytelling and a quiver in the obstinacy for resolution the skulk and the hiding from the unkindness that read down atop the tablets the husk reared on the stone of the tablets and its descent into the inevitables of the mind its murmuration into the ears of the cry of possibility the leap of understanding that all is not to their pride reason was not a monologic absolute there was always a mouth speaking reason and that mouth was the leash and the truth of reason was in its speaker in his mouth he has an amazing mouth in his gaze in his electric and in the ascension there are no ideas in themselves and in the descent an idea is always somebodys idea and the clutching of the neck of the reasonspeaker and the cowardice overflying the creak and the sloth of the ideationist there was a family of suffering in their immanency and mouths can be stuffed and bodies can be brought into the crash and the bloat of flesh behind reason and the bouquet of larval flesh behind ideas its richness and implausibility these their temporal drift and the intrusion of their decay flesh can be stopped ideas are not immortal merely persistent they are ugly creatures insinuating themselves under the skin and theirs a venereal kindle and their call of ideas their song unsmotherable in flesh untrampled in lamentation unanswerable in kind ideas can not be reasoned with the flesh of men their barren bed and from fleshs death reason draws light feeding on its godgiven flesh even as it dies symbiotically with its prey or rather male man mating with reasons praying mantis the history of ideas littered with signposts of phosphorescent cadavers and so because of death because death is metaphysics circulus vitiosus circulus otiosus fleshs search for truth mans search outside the clamour of reason and its strangled parliaments is a spiritual quest of no finality no aspiration to end no not merely intellectual the quest for truth truth was infinite the intellect was not and flesh could only grasp specks of it reflections in the spectral ice liquefied of broken mirrors and aliquis flesh always longed for times when truth was not so far not enshrined in its own transcendence in childhood yes childhood and a word from the father a word from the mother sufficed to place a lid on the fleshs universe and with the names of objects flesh was given their truth and as the flesh grows and races the father dies away runs off into the crepitation of a dark hallway and can impart no more no nothing merely the viscidity of mumbles down his beard and truth is not given any longer and flesh seeks a truthgiver and god of course is the terminal surrogate father but one who also is capable of abandonment gods abandonment of truth and the flesh seeks truth yearns for its warmth and its light even if it must burn its own meleagrian brand to ignite the truth and in russia the truth of russia was togetherness was love of hearth and family or so the flesh was incessantly told and he was told that god gave one family peoples so that one could through them learn how to love and such were the mythic origins of family and in them the origins of truth and all this all so distant was simply imprinted into the browncoats flesh and his struggles and his myopia in the bright rooms of his childhood where he was taught greek and testament and mental hygiene but of course even then before or perhaps after thought itself had become hygiene he knew he riddled that the brightest rooms are the secret domains of fces and the dances above him were unbearable and he left his room and took to the street and two minutes in the browncoat saw an overturned hackney - carriage and there were four people inside and they had not been able to revert to verticality for lack of space and their heads still pointed downwards and their feet fought against the floor which was now roof and their bodies writhed diagonally and they were trying to get out but the doors were stuck and whenever the passengers put their hands out through the small windows to try to unlock the doors from without the driver who was perched atop the bottom of the carriage now serving as its roof and whenever the driver saw an hand snaking out of the windows he would snap at the hand with his whip as hard as he could and he appeared never to miss and the hand would be forced to withdraw and another hand would try again on the other side and sometimes hands were put out on both sides of the carriage so as to divide and lessen the drivers attention but his instincts were swift and his execution impeccable and the passengers were screaming and pushing and kicking against each other like dogs of war caged before a conflict with enemies riding elephants and there was no room inside them and the men became stuck in the womens elaborate dresses not fit for such travel mens greasy feet upward their tired cunts and they all needed to get out and even when all four passengers let all their hands their hands already marked corroded and dripping skin and sacrificed inflame their hands point outward at the same time they did not manage to progress at all in the unlocking of the faulty doors for the driver was restless and the blades of his whip everywhere and the hands retreated in instinct but the driver never missed and the browncoat would have liked to watch this awhile but unfortunately the two horses who were being crushed as well under the hold - back and in a torturous position they were bleating their gleaming impertinent suffering into the street also and the blare aged intolerable and the browncoat left the street and he had heard recently abducted neighbours discuss a new american fair spiked onto the outskirts of moscow and since he never had any ideas he drifted into the carnival and entered the funhouse and behind him at the entrance a clown in poor makeup was playing of course his violin and the two sets of chords violin and fiddle immixed hungrily like a couple of essentially straight young women magnetized into mutual exploration and of course someone slammed the door behind him and there was but little light inside the funhouse tunnel most of it greedily farmed by the subitaneous dark through the cracks in the thin wooden walls the outside crashing against the thinnest of walls and foaming off again and then as the browncoat walked on he walked and recoiled into a chandelier a low - hanging grand chandelier of rusty axes and mausers and leeenfields and the wooden handles of the axes and the muzzles of the mausers were alight and the browncoat could see that this was a much fatter room than the slides he had passed through to get here and the walls did not look thin and rickety and uncombative as before and despite the light from the chandelier he could not see or remember whence he had come which entrance tunnel nor could he see where he could proceed how he could move forward so the browncoat circles the room and tested the walls and it was not such a large room the circumference was only ten seconds long but he kept missing the connecting tunnels there appeared to be no connecting tunnels and then the brownback tired of walking and sat down under the chandelier and the axe blades rustled and silvered against each other and they sang like a womans voice he was thinking he heard it like a song of escape and opening and the womans song soon perished as did the rustling and brownback thought woman after all is a sometime thing but such a slave of limits of reasonable restricting rules of collaborative social and moral intelligence and perpetuator of denial the murder of self selfhood to serfdom and he the browncoat would sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires but that of course was only an hypothetical he had never had a desire in his conscious life nothing beyond satisfying the amoral physical necessities food air drink masturbation and neither man nor woman had been inside his desire and such as he was desireless he was an inhabitant of the empyrean of sorts not polluted by the convolutions of desire of the psyche a clean expanse before the unconscious and before the moral but of course man had been there may have been there in the prior many have speculated of eden and its philosophy and the fall of course was caused by eve copulating with the serpent for such was womans blood even in the starkest numinous vapidity ( of perfection ) she could find hope dig and claw the interesting out of the tedium an archologist of the entrenched platitude such was woman at her best but after her finest moment she seemed to shrink grew small under her own psychoses and madame for the most played no more and acquired rather expertise at refereeing away from the game and referees are abominated by one and all and as the game changed neither did woman and christ himself the fattest elephant sideways took much after his mother and in so far he was one of the worst of men and outside drowning in a roman well archologists always risk dying moles dying as moles and even so woman and mankind for all their cracked old skin were metaphysical creatures illegible pathic instances of specious apologetics serpent reasonings scuppered theodicies but so prevalent the fatty layers in the human the browncoat could not stop thinking him the human in his the browncoats dark under the chandelier and loath as he was for most introversion the browncoat intuited that his real loathing and his the browncoats real fear is of anything in the plural but insight was cheap and mass reproducible and the browncoat could track no plurality no windy multitudes in his aloneness and solitude was insomnia not the brooding adult insomnia of bike rides across the province but the babys nauseous insomnia the methodical rational trituration of others sleep and of others dare he he dare selfhood through shaking and making the dark ones toy and solitude and the plurals only lesson he the browncoat had ever drawn from plurals was the mathematically fixated il faut tre conome de son mpris tant donn le grand nombre de ncessiteux and the browncoat tracked the dust of the ground with his finger and found many small rocks and he thought rocks were good solid things to have in situations such as his and consequently filled his pockets with them and when all his pockets were reasonably full he picked up the last rock he could find around him without having to relinquish his seating stance to crawl around and look for more rocks under the chandelier and the browncoat threw this last his 37th rock into the air and it turned into a bird a real bird of wings and claw and flew away and flew straight into the chandelier of axes and died hacked to death by its own impetus and the fierce quality of the rocks suicide forced itself on the browncoat like closed mouth vomit one has to swallow again for ones inordinate fear of making a mess below downwards where only cowards gaze no eyes below and he remembered that pleasant fulfilled dreams and thoughts of uncastrated loft are actually as rare as happy music music of the very real and endless sheets flowing white and needless every inch a slave and were the lost feathers floating down on him and sticking to his lips in the vacillating cohesion of newly drawn blood were these feathers art had he made art by investing the room with death for after all every work of art is an uncommitted crime a blushing crime that preserves not him the artist but mens impossibilities and was art so very different from his isolation from the crushing of him by the funhouse asserting itself as a painter in need of fresh pigments dried of the ground browncoat and in the last couplet always the downfall of art itself is perennial the goal of every work of art in that it seeks to bring death to all others all art aims to end art and in it such bastardy such agitation and game mastery all to stifle competing lines to extinguish the unknown running fathers runaway seed in all but one riverbed surviving art killer of marlowe is heir to a mongrel bitch but at this time of aberration the browncoats powers were crescent and he knew so and in his mumbles quiescent language was dictated by hunger for the silent chew their words to fill their bellies many infinite taxonomies for hunger and the browncoat looked upon the blind chandelier and the ostentatious arrogant walls and he remembered of course that [ the ] night was his idea and he walked on into the next tunnel out of the enclosed room but as soon as the cell of the chandelier had reached behind him the browncoat looked back and moved uneasily and he did not quite wish to go where his will was dull demiurge he shifted like an emperors young newly transplanted power - drinking kidney suffering with a crush of ostalgie over its ancient alcoholic dung - farmer master but such was the nature of his prolix indulgence in fine whines they kept him rooted in the particular but afforded him voyeuristic peeks at the general for there is but negative thought satiation was weakness most positive thought is expired ideology and the distance of thought from reality is itself nothing other than the precipitate of history of deaths lineage into concepts but then the browncoat stopped and heard and he was in a thin loose tunnel again and on the other side of the wall outside there was a map of the fayre with large colorful symbols on it pinned to the funhouse wall and an elderly woman was consulting it in the slow blurring of a splintered bores concentration and he the browncoat still locked inside the funhouse on the other side of the map threw his hand out and waved it about quickly and he so slapped that futile cunt on the hand through the wall and made her lose track of where she her finger had been on the map and the elderly woman went away and he was left alone with the map on the other side of the wall and the map was probably wrong anyway and the browncoat moved on muttering that the best samaritans name was simon and that walk no further that way sodomy lies or perhaps happiness either way turn around and so he did but he could not go back since back would somersault him in limber taunts whenever he turned to go back and point the nether way and he knew not the way and he thought he could solve the antinomy of going back on himself simply by walking backwards without turning around first and he did this awhile but nothing came of it nothing much for the slide tunnels did not end and the browncoat resigned his person to the forward movement forward was arbitrary what did he know regardless slashing the air and possibly the dark in two with his clutched face walking his hazy drip of a walk a walk and face that very dogs disdained pissing on him in his midwalk in the lower alleys running up next to him and walking next to him and pissing on him in their the dogs midstride the browncoat had a wasted take on walking and this he thought strange for walking seemed ever to be most of what he the browncoat did on any given night but he walked across the calendar and hopped across the red splashes the red days and walked into the basements of the calendar and thus the long tunnels of the funhouse were no novelty to him the browncoat merely told the thin walls to still their esperance for he did not intend to collapse under them and he should not seep under them and root them up but also did the brownback know that as a rule a smart man is someone who can not tell a lie without believing it himself rules of self - preservation the budding art of living with oneself didactic blossoms short words long smiles nights of the long smiles but at least the standing man could boast that he and his were not boring what would the brownback say nothing why would he why want to say something any thing at all and the brownback remembered a child yelling in the street tearing out of one eye just one his mother pacing the staircase of a nearby house and the child yelling that he the child could hold his own and quieter yeah hold his own simply by not having one an own he meant or so the brownback understood it the childs release of his own and the brownbacks thoughts and caprices whirred around his cranium alight the thoughts like benevolent overgrown globules of fat rapt in a game of american football malevolent globules of fact but fact was not to his the brownbacks liking he erected refuge in imagination but for most imagination is weak susceptible well - trod divided imagination is inflamed by women who lack precisely imagination and such women confront their imaginers portraits and phantasies of them the women and tear and have at them with a ravens fury why the problem of originality their beautiful sin is not to be idolised outside themselves their sublime sinning a guarantee of ink defying magnetism an altar to ones originality seals one in ones discarded artefacts renders ones every novelty or young act an icon of ones ankylosis and so what is left why murdering ones followers for standing men and superb women alike in viability but at present murder is so so where s the poise so newspapery and with or without murder one seeks constance of some sorts tis weak but inevitable for no knowledge of changing objects if knowledge changes tis sterile speculation the ontology of gossip but what is constant is not an invariant quantity of suffering but its progress towards hell and hereinafter would he the brownback no longer fall tangled into the unscratchables of his cranium no more would he descend into the whirls and mists of transverberation and so the brownback walked but he did not have long to walk since one of the panels of the rickety tunnel walls arrested him he heard a dialogue outside they were a man and a woman voices rusty enough to betray their middling ages and the man assured the woman that he spoke to her in troth and confidence and the man outside who as he spoke convinced the brownback listening beyond the wall but not seeing further and further that he the man outside was in point of fact rather an old man but speaking in youth young language and the old man spoke to the woman who in silence revealed herself rather an old woman but thinking youth and the old man spoke of mummifying the orgasms plateauing the quivers nobility demanded no less of him and thus his face and tonality of body spelt out pure will sicked on cock and then the old man said to the old woman that twas not easy and that my internal monologue is performed by many people and she misheard him and thought he had said infernal and found this very savage and rebellious and rightly said for youth well embraced in the apoplexia of dialectics and theirs a task both opposed and mated to the yelping standard of unwording the world and the old woman stares ravenously at the old man and the man does not stop speaking he accelerates his ideas heat up bump into each other and deflagrate and his tongue pours nay sweats oil and acid on all their fires and all their bullets and finally the man bites his tongue in the rabid fury of his pontification bites hard and the severed portion of the mans tongue flies off and he bleeds profusely and the woman looks on and he drops his gaze to the ground which hungers for his falling blood and the man himself falls on the woman and they are both lying down and the blood is falling on the woman down his chin onto her face into her mouth inside her widening but never enough nostrils behind her ears across her neck over her breasts throughout her voluptuously spiderwebbed hair such pretty hair another occasion he would have bit into it and the man stuffs his elbow in her mouth and wraps her nose sealed in his fist and the blood still fell and they were two or perhaps they were one and then one and the blood but the blood was so many and streams directions growthrates territorial annexations and a blind red kingly smile the blood was smiling it was nt as dramatic and literary as the blood really etching the discernible form of a smile across her clothes and the ground beneath them it was the blood just smiling at him a simple elemental smile drenching her clothes in its fulsome sapience and superiority there were whetstones and ancient hilts in that smile in every one of the many smiles of the many bloods and a darkness metallic and then he realized the blood was smiling back at him for he had been housing an infectious rictus also in the ruins of his tautened face he was smiling the blood was smiling his smile imprinted on the blood and imprisoning the blood and imprisoned in the blood as soon as the blood left the mouthmother and fell aerial to its hegemony below and the woman was laughing giggling silencing her merry tremors failing then letting loose and laughing loudly and vulgarly laughing through the fist in her mouth unable to stop and at this his smile widened the blood smiled harder as well and he bored deeper and with his other fist crushed her nose into graven skin and beaten mucus and at this she started jerking him off pulling him out of his pants caressing and stroking and tickling the undershaft and running gentle circles around the glans with the nail and the soft pillow of her index and at this the man gyrated slowly back and forth inside her hands with a monotonous passion like that of a seed bull too small to mount a larger cow of a different species and she was cradling him shelter and cupping his balls and palming his abdomen and lightly pinching his nipples and sliding her thin long - nailed fingers one by one in an humid ballet from the tip of his penis down the shaft over the testicles across the perineum and in and around his asshole and without letting go of her without releasing her air or her speech he entered the woman and it was quick and so he looked down at her and she was blank and she stared through him and this time he d lasted over a minute and the blood was part of the scenery and the blood was the scenery and he had no more to bleed for her he had stopped bleeding by now and she stared through him and he dived into her and bit into her shoulder and conquered many layers of something - dermas and a couple of slates of flesh and he emerged with skin and new blood in his mouth and he spat it all in her face and back on the spot of her shoulder whence he had wrenched it and she looked smaller now because of the blood orchid in full bloom occupying the spring of her shoulder like a rorschach guardian angel but otherwise nothing had changed and finally but not so long after the man got up shook his feet one by one and he was a small string of a man with weak arms and bad sleeveless shirts in the evening chill that highlighted and mocked the weakness of his arms which weakness mocked the bad sleeveless shirts in turn and she saw him shiver under the chill but only ever so slightly and he told the woman ever supine that if we you or i seek immortality well then tough because so does the cancer cell and upon this he spat on the funhouse wall and the listening prone browncoat recoiled and fell on his ass but the browncoat listened still and the old woman was looking at the vertical old man and then he and his adverbs walked out of her life the old womans life but there was yet crawling in his journal yet to be read and some time after the old man had disappeared the old woman got up as well and rubbed her shoulder and raised the straps of her dress onto their proper positions digging into her shoulder wound and dusted herself to a suitable if modest degree of cleanliness and walked away also and for some hours there was nothing else for the browncoat to listen to and finally he too resumed the biped and walked out of the funhouse and looked around at the fayre and some people but not many told him the browncoat that his hair had whitened and the browncoat shrugged dgueulasse and he could not think of much else to do or much place to go and so he was so bored he taking candy from the devil a novel robert p. kaye published by robert p. kaye at smashwords copyright 2010 robert p. kaye cover by ellie mathews smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
is nt it beautiful , those flowers .
carolyn managed to get the flowers into annes hand .
at the table , as christine poured their tea from a teapot with purple flowers and gold ornamental leaf , julia said , oh , you do have a very nice teapot .
kiam contact author : omkiam @ omarkiam.com www.omarkiam.com love blossoms at the theater is a memoir .
25.back in new jersey 26.jordan revisited 27.social networking : meals 28.shopping in jordan 29.heading out west 30.california and life in the valley 31.chess and the refinery 32.san francisco and the cult 33.the taxi driver 34.time to grow up 35.love blossoms at the theater 36.tying the knot 37.losing parents 38.arab culture and hospitality 39.going our separate ways images epilogue prologue the middle east my paternal grandmother was short .
35 - love blossoms at the theater sal , my former boss from the 59th street movie theater , was still the manager at the theater on 86th street just off of lexington ave on the upper east side of manhattan .
sal decided to call her house to ask where to send the flowers .
* * * * * * * * * * table of contents part one : a christmas office party part two : carsons movie begins part three : the animation sequence ( about christmas ) part four : christmas in hosanna hills , ca part five : christmas with tillie harm part six : christmas in a monastery part seven : christmas in a monastery continues part eight : christmas ends also : contact biography additional art additional work breakfast first , then alpha centauri * * * * * the holly bears a blossom as white as lily flower , and mary bore sweet jesus christ to be our sweet saviour the holly bears a berry as red as any blood , and mary bore sweet jesus christ to do poor sinners good .
* * * * * * * * * * table of contents part one : a christmas office party part two : carsons movie begins part three : the animation sequence ( about christmas ) part four : christmas in hosanna hills , ca part five : christmas with tillie harm part six : christmas in a monastery part seven : christmas in a monastery continues part eight : christmas ends also : contact biography additional art additional work breakfast first , then alpha centauri * * * * * the holly bears a blossom as white as lily flower , and mary bore sweet jesus christ to be our sweet saviour the holly bears a berry as red as any blood , and mary bore sweet jesus christ to do poor sinners good .
a fruitless trip to sundance , the super bowl , the oscars , presidents day weekend , st . patrick 's day , easter , opening day , my first swim at the local pool , my annual earth day whitewater rafting and cookout trip , an ugly , forgettable cinco de mayo , the weekend i dragged tables and chairs up to the roof for summer - nighttime lounging and the spontaneous party that ensued , our local cherry blossom and taiko drumming festival , a friends wedding in cabo san lucas , the breakup with my girlfriend immediately afterwards , mothers day , a memorial day pigfest with fireworks , fathers day , a juneteenth street party in my neighborhood they all passed by before i watched his movie .
mithras enters the cave which blossoms in the torchlight into a surprisingly colorful , ornamented temple , with statues , columns , painted benches , and an icon - dusted mosaic floor .
the lawns were bright green and manicured , every yard accented by colorful bunches of pink and white and red flowers .
she wore a loose yellow flower - patterned skirt , a white top , and a yellow flower in her hair .
she spent some time on her hair , and put in a beautiful blue flower .
he carried a bouquet of red flowers .
tess sat in front of mark , and all he could do today was stare at her hair and the pink flower .
she wore a white knee length dress with blue flowers .
aunt kaytils garden was filled with brilliant colors , and he occasionally looked at some brilliant purple flowers in the distance ; they were large , and attached to sturdy green stems coming up from the long , broad , and strong leaves that seemed to start from the roots and then curved upwards ending in dull points .
there is a single mournful flower there in the grass .
playing in the shadows of the trees , watching the girls walk by in flower bright skirts , turning over stones in the little river .
there were five incredible arrangements as tall as elaine , from friends in the industry , of exotic orchids worked into live topiaries in the shape of doves , so that the effect was of a row of birds in flight shedding flowers from their wings , leading to the arbor where the ceremony was to be held .
plants of every variety and colours were bursting with fruits and flowers .
the trees were depositing pink flower petals and orange and brown leaves upon the grass and pathways .
the flowers perfumed the area and lit it up with vivid colors .
the leaves had begun to return and flowers began to bud .
davey made his way deeper and deeper into the rhododendrons , the vegetation crawled above and around him like a great octopus , the flowers had died off and many leaves were turning brown in preparation for the coming winter , in some places it was impassable and he had to double back upon himself before finding another way forwards .
the garden was overgrown with weeds , great thorn bushes strangled the life from autumn flowers , shattered glass houses hid their contents with moss - covered panes .
he was forced to sit at the roadside whilst they passed , they were loaded to the gunwales with grey slates ; gaily painted flowers bedecked everything moveable with intricate blossoms and bouquets , one of the bargeman was singing men of harlech in a deep welsh accent .
lady axa led her children along marble passageways and down wide flowing stairs then across a courtyard in which delicate fountains tinkled gaily into ponds filled with fattened fish , fruit trees scented the air in a garden where humming birds buzzed and hummed as they darted among beautiful flowers .
however even their attention could not remain upon the dancing girls for long , they were amazed by the splendour all around , bright , white buildings towered above them , gardens that seemed to cling to the sides of the buildings burst forth with plants and shrubs of amazing variety , winter was approaching but the flowers displayed were magnificent .
on towards a distant peak , passing through villages where people cheered and clapped and threw garlands of flowers , on towards a distant peak .
she followed the embankment for some time then veered off to the left through the area which davey knew was now overgrown with rhododendrons , shrubs and trees but chacuti rode along a wide path through well - kept gardens ; flowers of all kinds burst forth all around ; trees , fetched from all corners of the globe helped form this arboretum .
instead of a junior league style soiree featuring still lives of fruit bowls , oil paintings of magnolias in blossom , and watercolor portraits of grandmothers , this years installation consists of mainly of nudes in every imaginable medium acrylics , pastels , charcoal , bronzes , woodcuts , mobiles , photographs along with enormous canvases of angry abstract paintings in passionate colors and violent brushstrokes .
or into blossom .
pairs of southern belles dressed in antebellum gowns and holding baskets of flowers flank each gate , welcoming guests and checking tickets .
i ask , spotting a pink candle in a new porcelain holder with japanese - style design of cherry blossoms on graceful brown branches .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
i see ashleys face blossom as she spots him .
at that moment , the sun hit its zenith to shine a lamplight glow over kane hailand and alma in the desert sand , locked in mirrored smiles , peering into each other 's eyes and souls to say telepathically what all words in all languages can only strive to express , shadows minified in an everlasting song , the royal flower in her ear suddenly seeming an exotic garden , lustrous and overflowing with too much beauty to be held captive , while everything in sight became furniture of the cosmic order- kane and alma , lovers in the glow .
place a woven cloth over a jar and fill it with flowers .
colorful flowers rained from the trees , enlivening the land .
the flowers , trees , rocks , and people joined in hand , cohabiting in merriment .
the pale blue sky affronted by the horseshoe cliffs , the vines , the raining flowers , and the mermaid 's song were all in beautiful harmony , but oh , although they were fantastic , superb and wondrous in sight and delight , they seemed to all exist for the central life , the all - purveyor , the catalyst- the waterfall .
kane plucked a raining flower from the air and placed it behind alma 's ear .
the streets of greece were lined with lemon trees and violet flowers .
we enter the gates and there s this big picture of mickey made out of flowers .
the view was beautifulthe trees and flowers overlooking the ocean .
emily handed me a big bouquet of flowers .
pastries the color of flowers dripped sweet jam like honey .
groups of them wove flowers and shells through her shiny locks as they combed out non - existent tangles .
what kindness blossoms within which makes you desire the saving of this blackened soul ?
he closed his eyes , relishing the silky softness of her skin against his lips , breathing in the delicate fragrance of blossoms from her hair and skin .
this time of year the meadows were speckled with colorful , fragrant wildflowers , but instead of the wind - swept scent of grass and flowers , a sickening burnt odor overwhelmed sashas senses .
as amelia watched , the faerie on the mans hand was pointing to a plump , fuzzy , striped insect that was laboriously climbing up and down , gathering pollen from flowers and , ultimately , returning to its hive in a massive banyan tree .
in a satchel that lay across her ponys withers , sasha had packed water , fruit , and a small bottle of oil that had been pressed from pine nuts and herbal flowers .
he took her to the forest glade and they sat together every evening imagining where they would plant a garden and an orchard , as well as fragrant flowers that would fill their home with sweet scents , no matter which direction the breezes blew .
the meadow seemed to have been kissed by a rainbow and flecked with white flowers glowing like captured starlight amidst the explosion of color .
even though she was there as her second - self , she could feel the ground under her feet and a cool evening breeze with the fragrance of jasmine blossoms .
the earth was singing , the trees and rocks and flowers , the sun and the clouds were all alive with the sound of life .
each homestead had fragrant colorful flowers , a vegetable garden , a pond , an orchard and a forest , and oddly enough , most seemed to have fences surrounding the property composed of raspberry bushes .
he opened his eyes and instantly launched himself into the air and shot backwards so quickly he frightened blossom , the familys massive bear , so thoroughly she ran several feet away , hackles up and then turned around to look at this strange , terrifying creature , unsure of what she should do .
asha ran over to the bear and threw her arms around blossoms neck as she whispered into her ear the way someone might try to calm a startled horse .
finally she convinced blossom that dylan was a friend and they walked up to him so that bear and man could try their greeting again .
the flowers and grass and trees joined in the chorus .
kathys mouth drooped like a fading pink flower when she smiled , and he felt a little urge to moisten it each time he saw her .
i have a million things i want to say to you about all the things i ve learned in college and in the wild duress of this world we live in , but i am coming to you now with nothing to offer but these flowers and a little something that has been passed through my family .
it was blue , and had carved flowers on the side .
in her mind 's eye they resembled one vast slow motion montage of flowers blooming and this demonic floral display covered the entire earth .
and each and every one a different color , hue and shade , like hothouse flowers frozen in icy amber .
but i was also vaguely aware that the tropical plants and flowers were all made of glass .
` ` appointed by the muir foundation for his delicate sensitivity to all things ecological , his loves for birds and trees and flowers , and his shrewd judgment of what constitutes great literature . ''
her skin was the color of the dogwood blossom and her eyes were periwinkles .
when i finally was ushered into mr . quillmeiers presence i found myself in an office not much larger than the waiting room , papers on every surface , the walls decorated with more book jacket blow - ups ( mr . anthonys reproductive organs , flowers and petals , the scamps dog ) and along every wall stacks of books , about a hundred copies of each title .
the shades of the water blossoms , the ones that open to the tender rays of sunlight and the kinds that open to caresses of moonbeams take shape in rachanas mind .
it was staids turn to look over her clothing , seeing the dress which matched her head scarf in color , with tiny yellow flowers printed all over it , and the long , starch white apron covering the front of its skirt .
upon her entrance , she found that the room was brimming with bouquets of assorted types of red flowers .
she had nt been to the marketplace to pick out blossoms since before the latest news from reh had come .
she moved across the room to study one bunch of the fiery red blossoms on an end table while her attendant went on dusting , and constances fingers reached out toward the petals of one , and stopped .
i thought an offer might have accompanied the multitude of flowers he sent here for you .
waving grasses and flowers fill the valley within , delicate petals playing upon the breeze like an underwater ballet , genuflecting to grand stands of trees , some tall and straight like rain , others squat with twisting branches reaching and turning in every direction as if stretching to reach itching backs .
you wither like a vine , twisting upon yourself and choking out your own blossoms .
chatting in car 11 , only a plastic armrest between them , they found they both fantasized about traveling to berlin , both drove japanese cars and that their favorite flower was ranunculus .
the wild flowers of the hedgerow deliver colors that any painter can only dream of .
even so , jj had achieved a brief bit of notoriety in their small home town of blossom valley .
chapter 2 just another phase blossom valley , 1975 a few months after she turned 12 , karen emerson began a brief but passionate phase of writing down absolute truths on the covers of her three ring notebooks , then inking over them so thoroughly that the ballpoint pen raised hash marks like braille on the inside .
the boring part , peter said although its not like there was really an interesting section of blossom valley .
chapter 3 some small adjustments blossom valley , 1977 for the first time in her entire life , jackie carlisle was actually glad when christmas break was over and she had to go back to school .
chapter 5 filling the void blossom valley , 1980 in the fall of 1980 , karen emerson felt like she was trapped in some weird twisting time space warp , the type of thing that so fascinated her older brother in his love of star trek .
the point was to leave blossom valley behind , go somewhere , anywhere bigger than here .
that was another thing pretty much lacking in blossom valley in general and in karen in particular .
chapter 6 a leg up blossom valley , 1981 was there anything more disgusting than a bunch of boys hanging around the entrance to their stinky locker room yelling and burping and making rude remarks about any girl that walked by ?
chapter 9 great opportunity blossom valley , 1994 jackie had a wedding coming up in less than a week .
jackie had always been competitive , and it was hard to help comparing herself to a girl shed known since the week she moved to blossom valley and not coming up short .
she purposely took the longer , more scenic route , back out to blossom valley .
the place had a simple elegance , an easy color scheme , the delicate ribbons and flowers lending just enough of a festive touch to bring smiles as the guests slowly sat .
kind of crazy to think old arnie was still back in pennsylvania , just a couple towns over from blossom valley .
jj loped along beside her , flowers held out like an offering .
tony finished shaking out the box , and she and jj threw the rest of the flowers one by one .
apart from a hazy painting of wild blue flowers and distant wintry mountains , the room was spartan and clinical .
kaylee slowly cracked the door open to see one of the hotel attendants standing with a bouquet of flowers in his hands .
thank you so much , what a surprise this is , she responded as she took the flowers with a puzzled look on her face .
masses of colorful flowers sprang away from the overgrown driveway as he approached the vine - covered house .
a ziploc bag , the smallest eric had ever seen , was ceremoniously offered and tallboy took a small pinch of the white substance and placed it on the bed of what looked like dried blossoms and sticks .
red a poem by cher corbin red ribbons red ribbons tie kinky brown hair pixies ponytails bobby socks baby dolls baskets and bears cute chubby cherub cheeks crease with laughter and tears now blossoms and blooms as sweet innocence disappears barbie dolls glitter and lip gloss create fashion with flair white velvet sashes red bandeaus in hair strewn over the floor beads baubles and glue this passion for life adolescence rings true words of wisdom cut short swift back chat to the keeper just pushing the envelope no fear of grim reaper burning red in the face spitting vicious retorts respects no one 's space in this dangerous sport refusing to listen to lessons to pleas protecting the wicket batting close to the knees on a reckless journey all divad and bleached will bring forth regrets this is constantly preached the pleasures of self consume and provide the escape and the daring no protection just ride red seas return monthly expressed sighs of relief just a pause in the passion a menstrual brief resuming the patterns the dances the dates the skimpy red dresses those killer heels quake but something goes wrong the funstarts to wane red fire balls pelt bring abdominal pain the rumors you hear the whispers the taunts the friends you once had stay clear of old haunts your favorite colour now symbolic of pain embarrassment and suffering your familys disdain you thought you were smart all clever and sweet now all that is left are the tears that you weep red ribbons red ribbons no longer tie hair the colour of passion of vanity fair this satin red ribbon blood colour of life will cut a new path immune to the knife wrapped tightly this virus looped awareness is found red ribbons now smaller on chests pinned and sound the colours of red pink burgundy magenta too are now all absorbed in a pale deathly hue red ribbons red ribbons if only we could return to a life once vibrant and pure a dream a desire no lanterns to rub just regrets and reminders of red ribbons we loved not me a poem by graham bannister sitting alone staring out to sea , is it the horizon he watches ?
and all the hawaiians had these flowers around their necks .
she asks that in lieu of flowers , people send charitable contributions to the rape and incest survivors association in her husbands honor .
the air was heavyfilled with a rich scent of budding flowers poking through the sand aside the thick brush .
the sun was shielded out by the thickets of branches and newly green buds with small pinkish flowers popping out around bunched up lavender berries .
the flowers on the dunes wiggled with the weight of the bees suckling at the budspollinating under the same sky as barry , who slowly walked alone along the shore in the distance .
bright new plants sprang up , flowers bloomed , bees and other insects came to harvest the pollen , and pollinate the flowers they took the pollen from the plants to reproduce .
bright new plants sprang up , flowers bloomed , bees and other insects came to harvest the pollen , and pollinate the flowers they took the pollen from the plants to reproduce .
then well plant more trees and flowers .
they lit the table with candles and graced it with flowers .
the grove was decorated with flowers and brightly colored ribbons .
the flowers were still growing from the seeds they produce each year .
in that world , he would prefer a house at the foothills where a river would be flowing and the valley would be lush with flowers and fruits .
the bouquet of life is made out of bunch of such flowers of different hue and shape .
the walls were resplendent in a plum colored material made from wool , linen and silk , the surface woven with golden flowers .
that tree is , see the one with the mauve flowers ?
pastel coloured flowers poked their perfectly formed petals through every gap making it difficult to tell the blackberries from the lantana .
the yellow flower reflected on my fair skin , unreliably confirming that i m a bed wetter .
heaps of ferns and plants with coloured flowers hung in baskets from their front veranda .
he loved the smell of the flowers .
` ` a special flower mixed with buttermilk . ''
near a clump of lilacs , the woman had planted a profusion of tulips and assorted wild flowers .
taking care not to damage any of the blossoms , sonny mowed the front lawn then both sides .
on the jewish side were verdant fields , farms , flower gardens and even luxurious swimming pools filled to overflowing .
they re originally from the jungles of sri lanka and eat pretty much everything including ants , honey , fruit , grubs , grass , flowers , eggs and carrion .
the woman rose and , began moving at a leisurely gait down the flagstone walkway past a profusion of pink blossoms that reeked sweetly like incense .
the late - blooming magnolia directly behind with its greenish - yellow flowers was a bit easier to spot .
and the mountain ash to the left of an outcropping of granite ledge had already lost its showy , spring flowers in favor of a thick crop of orangey - red fruit clusters .
the flowers are lovely , she said .
there is a cold breath in the room it 's a beautiful day outside winter dead into approaching spring and the tufts of long grass are quivering in the wind and the bumblebees are bobbing from flower to flower and all the world is bristling with sex .
the room seemed to be covered with a sheen of cleanliness and smelled like a bouquet of wild flowers , making me feel like a withered weed by comparison .
home - made jams and scones , clay pottery , toys , pot plants and bundles of flowers , musty smelling aged second hand books , vegetables and fruits , well used cds , dvds , video and audio tapes , even old 78s , 45s and lp records .
and a sterling silver squash blossom necklace inlaid with turquoise .
some of them are fruit eaters not insect eaters and these kind visit their cactus friends and drink from their flowers , this helps the cactus to make their children he told her .
she had not known before how much the beginnings and progress of vegetation had delighted her : what enjoyment she had derived from watching the increasing beauties of that season , from the earliest flowers in her aunt 's garden , to the opening of leaves in her uncle 's plantations , and the glory of his woods .
one morning very early , martha got out of bed for some reason and spotted the twosome among the flowers , digging furtively at the soil .
the sorry mishap of their lovemaking had become revelation ; it was what spring and flowers in blossom had been singing out his entire life , and now he 'd found a voice of his own , a holler of joy , in the riotous chorus .
the sorry mishap of their lovemaking had become revelation ; it was what spring and flowers in blossom had been singing out his entire life , and now he 'd found a voice of his own , a holler of joy , in the riotous chorus .
he read her the poem about tropical flowers and their various strategies for pollination and , as he was reading , laura realized it was a dense , delicious version of the course seducing a woman by putting her in touch with her sexual power .
the technical devices warding off death sat amid an explosion of life and flowers .
citrus trees sat among ferns and flowers .
like rosemary flowers .
when they kissed , it was warm , wet flower petals giving , and the press of their long , lovely bodies , soft and hard , burning into their minds .
amanda was ready to carry the rose bush all the way to the cabin but laura told her that the blossoms would all be frostbitten before they got there , so they discussed what to do and they found some plastic feed bags and the skill knife used to cut them open , and they made a sleeve for the rose bush and wrapped it securely with binder twine against the wind .
the thick heavy heads of the blossoms nestled together beautifully and when amanda and laura approached them , the fragrance that rose from the table was more beautiful than any perfume they had ever smelled .
amanda left her don juan rose by the only window in the cabin and she tended it and was amazed that it continued blooming for weeks , long after the hybrid perpetuals on the table had shed their blossoms and dried in place where laura left them be .
when they were almost halfway through , they opened a quilt that was all stones and fungus and lichens overlain with beautiful individual flowers , apple blossoms , peach and cherry , tulips and dog tooth violets and trilliums and lady slipper orchids among the stones .
when they were almost halfway through , they opened a quilt that was all stones and fungus and lichens overlain with beautiful individual flowers , apple blossoms , peach and cherry , tulips and dog tooth violets and trilliums and lady slipper orchids among the stones .
through it , then into it , laura followed rosie into the tapestry of countless blossoms and emerald foliage .
every blossom seemed perfect , and every color incredible .
and when the boat was grounded for a moment and everyone had gathered around like a choir , suddenly the dark sides began to fall from the hydraulic chains that supported them , and the boat opened like a wooden flower , and they were all looking at the most beautiful , long , sleek house boat anyone had ever seen .
the blossoms of spring bulbs passed and fruit trees filled with bees and blossoms , white plum and cherry and fat apple pink .
the blossoms of spring bulbs passed and fruit trees filled with bees and blossoms , white plum and cherry and fat apple pink .
finally , there seemed to be only one place left for them to find peace and privacy and tom took amanda into his tree house in the old apple tree and it was there , with the fading apple blossoms falling around them , that they first undressed one another .
his body was a cocoon , a transparent chrysalis , and the peace of death filled the room like dry flowers .
the birds songs in the sunrise and the sound of rain , the jewels when buds burst on the trees , the graceful curve of grasses , the frogs , the flowers and clouds and the sun and the wind and the earth , its all i need .
its days were gone when it would shed a huge circle of blossoms in the spring , when it would shed the green fruit , like baby butternuts , pruning itself of its too heavy burden , when it would shed its ripe fruit late in the summer and wasps would gather in clouds to sip at the sweet nectar of the windfalls .
painted ladies and admirals came and danced close to the sand , and the monarchs , generations from mexico , finally arrived with the pungent perfume of milk weed in blossom .
from the pink shed placentas of blossoms that had fallen in circles beneath each peach tree in the orchard , it had only been a few months before the fruit left behind on the branches had changed from hard bitter green pills to succulent balls of white in the bottles laura carried to keep , to keep , to keep .
the van fleet farm was like an old apple tree producing bushel after bushel of sweet , heavy fruit , while the farm in their dreams was a sapling with only its first heavy blossoms .
a solitary red flower poking its strange bright colour out into the air from atop the languid mud of the trench .
we place flowers and dab tears from our eyes with our hankies .
there are fields of flowers in neat rows of red and pink and yellow .
ming was full of lotus blossoms and a tiny pagoda .
no matter how many bouquets of flowers or boxes of candy he walked in the front door with he was still an awful husband , and no matter how he treated jay or what he said he was still a father that jay despised .
the conclusion of this wandering narrative came in such a deliberate manner as would befit the closing of an act in a play , or some otherwise lofty exposition in a piece of literary drivel by a self - important writer with a warped acuity with respect to the mundane , who , in his myopic orchestrations of reason , sought to instill what should have been an uninspiring fate with imagery that spoke to its hidden magnanimity as though its protagonist were the benevolent and unwitting victor of a negligible battle recognized only by those sensitive enough and blessed with enough skillful virtue to encompass its high - minded attributes in an artistic framework ; it was as a consequence of this that the serf fell under the weight of what seemed the instinctive pressure to cast his eyes mindfully upon a nearby patch of lilies , which were veiled by spun - web layers intersecting three - dimensionally like netted planes ; the legs of a spider dangled prominently from behind one petal of a flower as this calculating predator lay restlessly in wait for its pollen - seeking prey to ensnare itself in this intricately - woven trap ; enraptured by this glorious feat of architecture , yet dismayed by the cruel necessity built into the foundations of its sublime structure , the now - disheartened protagonist looked dramatically to the disingenuous sky , which had misled him to thinking , in the purest beaming of aspirations , that the pursuit of beauty and the drives of instinctual necessity were , in fact , mutually exclusive , and he shook his fist , cursing infinity before finally murmuring to himself spitefully , to what lengths of treachery must i , too , extend myself that i might live to see another day of this ?
a deadly flower blooms at the mouth of a cave : petals glowing in the rays of moonlight ; stems and roots exist elsewhere in ambiguated darkness .
the colors are unconcerned by their origins , core unbeknownst of its fate : the flower is , thus , obsessively conflicted with itself .
the flower is , at once , in ecstasy and despair , pleasure and pain , contentment and cravinguntil nothing is left of its withering certitude than its propagating seed .
now she could be viewed up close in this painting ; he knew her , yeseven closer in his mind : his musing emblazoning her with features , with attributes of his idealization , emblazoning her with a guise to whom he felt infinitely connected and for whom he felt infinitely responsible : this half - existing , half - mutated reverie of what comprised her persona merged seamlessly now with the image he saw before him in this paintingthere could be no doubt , none at all that he and this young blossom were inextricably linked .
before bunnu had a chance to say anything , mon seigneur stepped forward and intercepted pinky , bearing a bouquet of beautiful flowers .
i must apologize for these flowers are mere weeds in the presence of such radiant beauty .
they had now completed the day 's tasks , incense holders were returned to their time honoured places , candles were lit once more , and flower vases filled with life 's colour again .
the scent of apple blossoms drifts by .
surrounding the window frame , the ivy clasping the brick faade flutters in the breeze dappled by the delicate perfume of apple blossoms and honeysuckle in bloom .
the dense virginia air drifted through the hall scented with apple blossoms and honeysuckle .
she felt around , craning her neck to avoid the sharp metal flower that had sprung from the grate .
the crowd cheers wildly at the crescendo and the actors take to the stage and bow , and there is whistling and flowers and everybody is very satisfied with the performance as the actors exit the stage .
their flight arrived at bulawayo airport at three forty - five p.m. near a kiosk selling fresh fruit , flowers , and newspapers , they located richards number in a tattered phonebook .
those buds will soon burst into amazing blue flowers .
* * * green grass , flowers blossoming , a warm day , and all their family members woefully absent : this did not feel like christmas to the two americans .
densely wooded landscape , accentuated by lush underbrush and wild flowers , surrounded the motel .
the fragrance of the wild flowers and rain - soaked soil has mixed to give a very earthy aroma , which feels like musk but is more pungent .
as we walk , you can smell the morning fragrances of flowers blossoming all around .
as the flowers bloom , the entire milieu simply becomes a facilitative catalyst to spread the fragrance .
pursuing the pale woman , zigzagging through the dense , towering saguaros and the smaller desert plants , this rumpled rock avoided a jungle of cholla cactus , what we then called jumping cactus , and lime - green and yellow palo verde trees , which were leafing out with tiny oval shaped leaves and blooming , pale yellow star - shaped blossoms , their branches humming with black bumble bees , wasps and ordinary honey bees .
the moment we stood still , any bees we had disturbed returned to their flowers ; busy with their work , they never noticed our conflict .
day after day the beautiful cups of waxy flowers , fifteen in number some years , provide bountiful pale yellow pollen from the large clumps of pistols .
eventually the flowers wilted , and the barrel cactus produced a waxy yellow fruit with a top of stiff black straw -- what i saw on the toppled barrel cactus that the pale man and lady photographed .
and these fruits which are like crowns of miniature pineapples were a glorious lemony yellow color and remained throughout each winter long after the glossy flowers were gone .
we turned onto another ridge and my world spooled out light cadmium yellow , mostly from the papery flower heads of the desert marigold , and mashed it into the greens and the grays of lichen on the rocks ; it mingled with orange and greenish black into the olive tones of these different palo verde tree trunks and the russet raspberry stain which dribbled aimlessly over the faces of the rocky road cut .
when my sister finished , the lady spontaneously and suddenly smacked her gloved hands together , swatting them once loudly , and the retort in my ears was like an awful clap of thunder which might ripple across mountains , stunning the foothills , resounding on the very broad floor of a darkened desert and flattening the lacey creosote limbs and pale furry gray flower stalks of the desert marigold .
much cooler inside , the room was empty except for a large persian carpet near an altar decorated with fresh - cut wild flowers and a picture of the sects leader , an elderly man of eastern descent with a flowing white beard .
phyllis knelt down and fingered a dull pink flower with feathery tendrils bursting from the center .
the israeli girl sighed and threw the flower away .
in no great hurry a turgid bumblebee lumbered by en route to a clump of orangey flowers .
a pastel , earth - colored moth was feasting on the nectar in a bell - shaped ivory flower .
the lush flowers .
so it went on for a time , in the morning the bear went out , at noon she came back home , where she always brought nice berries or flowers for her little adopted son , and after she had played with him a while , she trotted in the evening back out to the forest , but to hans chagrin she always rolled the stone over the mouth of the cave .
when he pulled off the plug , a fragrance spread , as if there rose to bloom again a thousand flowers from whose chalices perhaps more than a hundred years ago the bees had carried together the honey for this drink .
an abundance of flowers , such as the two had never seen before , covered the ground here and there ; but all of these flowers were wilted and fragrantless and seemed to have been , during the height of their flowering , hit by the deadly heat .
even more massive tree groups , even more wonderful flowers had sprouted from the earth here , but here also was everything wilted and scentless .
like a breath rippled a light green over the ground surface of withered vegetation , the stalks straightened up , and soon the girl strolled through a wealth of sprouting leaves and flowers .
at the tips of the leaves little dragonflies climbed up , tested their wings , and then floated shimmering and fluttering above the flower cups , while the fresh scent that continually rose from the fountain filled more and more of the air , and danced like silver sparks in the sun rays falling in .
after a short time maren saw again the fountain before her and the green ground with the yellow and violet iris flowers .
but if he noticed , he was too kind to say so , only continuing his search for whatever blossom arrangement brought him into the store in the first place .
with nimble fingers , i went to work by clipping one of the large tissued blossoms down to size , adding a sprig of lilac and a few loose leaves , binding it all together and adding a pin to the back .
i asked him , holding the flower up for inspection .
they say its my job , i teased , placing the flower on the counter and starting on the other boutonnires , giving the groomsmen a simpler white flower in matching contrast to the more elaborate boutonnire of the groom .
the pattern of the cover was familiar , the same loose weaving of lavender flowers and green leaves i had talked john into buying when we first began living with each other .
her dress looked to be something straight out of the 1970s , with neon pink and orange flowers against a vivid green and yellow background .
my golden hair was already curled , and i pinned it back from my face and neck in an elaborate series of flowers and sparkling clips .
she pulled out a light colored dress with pink flowers and an empire waist .
he could nt breathe , the air swallowed by the fragrance of flowers , suffocating him with their sweet aroma .
the village was just a short way further on and they were greeted by garlands of colourful flowers and foliage .
the church had been swept the day before and huge bowls of flowers and garlands of colourful foliage had been placed in every available space .
the breathtaking beauty of its increasing presence and clusters of tiny alpine flowers urged him onwards in spite of his laboured breathing .
the group entered the site and he spent five years watching rubble and sand blossom into the five - star shapla hotel .
said the love of my life as flowers bloomed all around her and the sounds of violins filled the air .
the sandy gray floor was covered with the dried stems of what he had seen , one june , as a pink fog of tiny flowers blanketing the ground .
far below to the right lay the little green valley , dotted with patches of yellow flowers and divided by a meandering ribbon of water that was frozen by distance .
they re like evening blossoms folding inward for the night ; and there s a sense that all kinds of dimensions of their lives are now rolled up and hidden away : childhood , love affairs , marriage or singledom , parenthood , professional competence , music , sports , art , politics many more than 10 or 11 .
i love the idea of real flowers , but i m worried it will look out of place or like we forced them into the design .
jesse sees this and a small ember of hope blossoms in his chest .
then , soon after , he found a small flower behind his knee .
as they were passing out , before they died of lack of oxygen , they heard the bear say to what seemed to them to be both of them but may have been only one of them , you have intricacies of your personality that are endless mysteries , as if the sky was made of tens of thousands of different flower petals , which i could discover one color and shape at a time .
ill have two fried spring rolls , the grilled snapper , stir - fried pumpkin flowers with garlic , and a bowl of steamed rice .
they held hands and went for a walk in the garden where the flowers of plumeria trees were blooming and casting a sweet fragrance around them .
no figure there compared to gwendolens as she passed through the long suite of rooms adorned with light and flowers .
yes , she said , quietly , without considering what kind of thing was meant whether the flowers , the scents , the ball in general , or walking with mr . grandcourt in particular .
her partners young richness of tint against her flattened hues had an effect something like that of a fine flower against a lichenous branch .
my hope wanders among the orchard blossoms , feels the warm snow falling on it through the sunshine , and is in doubt of nothing ; but , catching sight of certainty in the distance , sees an ugly janus - faced deity , and turns quickly away .
the soft warm rain of blossoms which had fallen just where she was did it really come because she was there ?
but now she was glowing like a dark - tipped delicate flower in the sunlight of content , thinking of any possible grief as part of her life with deronda .
but our relationship had had its good points , too , and i tried to explain these to norihis encouragement of my interest in history , long conversations about travel and our mutual love of science museums , the random flowers he would sometimes send to my office , with cards that just told me he was thinking of me .
there were hedges shaped into giant , whimsical characters , ivy hanging from white trellises , long green tablecloths covered in fresh flowers .
a hummingbird whirred past , paused and hovered , staring into his eyes turned to flowers , then flew on .
he imagined vividly ( but could nt see ) the ecosystem springing to life at ground level where the sun had warmed the soil and humus , where grasses , weeds , flowers , and seedlings of every type were bursting forth in riotous life , all racing to absorb and transform the new unadulterated sunlight into chlorophyll and more growth to produce more chlorophyll and more growth before the leaves higher in the canopy unfurled and stole that sunlight long before it reached the ground .
how could she be invisible in the calf - high flowers ?
charleston may have its azaleas , washington its cherry blossoms , michigan its lilacs ; but in central north carolina , spring is inaugurated and indelibly marked by these gorgeous trees .
at long she had given up any attempts at transforming me into a desert blossom as she referred to herself from time to time when complaining about the heat and filth of her surroundings .
though of poorer metal , with no gold or fine stones , i knew it was still an expensive piece because of the detailed work ornate blossoms etched all the way around it , and what looked like the sun , shining down .
think of all the flower garlands and dancing .
already i could see the light in his youthful eyes fade , his expression altering much in the way a blossom closes under the full force of the sun .
it smells like a thousand blossoms rub some on your neck if you like .
a pleasing image of a sun - dappled flower sprouting through the cracks in a limestone wall filled his mind .
he looked the word up in the dictionary ( it was one word ) : ` ` a southern european plant with fragrant flowers that bloom in early spring '' .
how long do you thi- james started to ask before mr . heckerman interrupted him , two or three weeks , he set his jar by the window also , two or three weeks before these roots become roots , these stalks become stalks , and there will be leaves , and flowers in the spring .
james looked at his hair as one block fused seamlessly with the mans forehead , the way the ears emerged from the sides of the sculptures head and twisted around like dual flowers .
downstairs , james mother was scraping his breakfast onto a dish painted with small blue flowers .
he used a fork from the drawer to scoop the cake onto a shining plate rimmed with the light blue spittle of blossoms .
the stem connecting the flower to the potato itself extended from his palms and stitched its way across the surface of the feral potato .
the flower was white with an almost purple sheen when the light hit it at specific angles .
it had webbed petals , in that it looked like each petal was connected to the other petals in the way that made it look like a crinoline skirt instead of one folded flower .
james was overcome with just how perfect this flower was .
james looked at the potato , how it had the flower as a crown , stems and leaves firmly attached to the bulb of a potato , and below the surface of the water the stretched roots spread out and looked like dozens of orphaned fingers grasping for water .
the potatoes james planted outside absorbed enough of the oncoming spring weather to blossom .
just like the jar in the kitchen , each stalk extended a flower .
as the sun came up , heat slunk through the fresh leaves on the branches of the trees above him , and the evaporating dew on the sleeping blossoms filled the air with a heady sweetness .
the last months were filled with status reports , iv drips , yellow flowers , and the gentle hum of electronics- all designed whirling around his son who oftentimes could not lift himself out of bed anymore .
until he dreamed his dream the fowles of the welkin were apparitions to the businessman , the flowers of the field were specters , the trees phantoms , the rains of heaven ghosts , the stars above were will - o'-the - wisps , even the vast panoramic firmament itself was a shimmering chimera , and most of all the people who passed him each day were walking shadows .
valley of flowers chris collins is the author of nicolas kumar of which valley of flowers is one part .
dew - gilded gleaming flowers appeared in maximum bloom .
dotted here and there purple and blue , and raised from the earth , here a blue poppy , there a cobra lily and edelweiss , the flowers in plenary portions seemed on proud , glorious display in an absolute must - have bouquet , and all looked nourished by a sparkling stream , rushing through a slight middling valley .
he wondered who colored these many flowers .
nicolas peered out at the flowers and his eyes moistened .
arjuna watched this flier flit from flower to flower and for a moment he marveled , wondering gladly , though not for the first time , how this one fine thing was indeed possible .
the flower reached a peak .
arjuna observed the flower bend low now , onto the ground , to die .
` ` am i to hit into these many flowers ? ''
again he looked mournfully out at the valley of flowers .
the pulsating sea of flowers came in crushingly close then to try and compress him .
the variety of flowers on that far side made for a less pleasing sensation .
the trumpet seashell , or great attribute to vishnu that was remarkably found in these mountains , and so was measureless years old , sounded over the valley of flowers .
when arjuna appeared to have settled the matter with his pants , though issues remained , he viewed with equal eye the eternal restlessness of all in the valley of flowers .
the old man gazed at the valley of flowers while nicolas held back another smile .
he understood it had gone into a nearby maze of tall flowers .
he looked at the flowers lit ablaze by fantastic hues and also at the sparkling lake .
the club was his chosen candidate to avoid all flower destruction .
he next looked to the valley of flowers sparkling bright .
but then it rolled over to a colorful flower group .
nicolas watched it cuddle up to , or boyfriend one flower .
after the drop fresh tribes of flowers appeared interested in getting close .
he chose this club to cut through all flower clutter .
nicolas bent back as practice the stems of one flower group .
the old man concentrated next on the flowers that deserved laurels .
he prepared in his heart for more flower destruction .
nicolas looked to where a bundle of colorful flowers lay complementary to this very idea .
it was resting against a gathering of pink flowers .
it had fallen into flowers shaped as upturned stars .
in a flash the little white ball was hit with a bundle of flower growth .
he shot at flower shafts in a repeated splash manner .
this was in contrast to the flowers standing bolt upright .
order seemed to have been issued to all in the famed valley of flowers .
over the fast - rushing stream , the mountains , the colorful flowers , a hush fell onto this hard - to - believe landscape .
they sat quietly and looked out at the ballroom set in circular tables , swathed in white tablecloths , decorated with fresh flowers and candles .
baskets of flowers and smiling buddhas surrounded the turquoise waters of the pool .
nik could see a white flower crushed in his hand .
the stories noted clement jones was unarmed , carrying a white flower in his hand .
nik leaned forward and grabbed a flower from the centerpiece .
he climbed the stairs and handed the white flower to mrs . jones .
mom was wearing a crown of flowers .
who knew when someone would decide to bring a bomb into a crowd , in boxes of flowers , in soup cans , in backpacks , in suitcases , in trash bins , in mailboxes ?
his fingers were long but deft ; he could weave wreaths and bracelets out of flowers and twigs faster than i could lace my sneakers .
with her pale face , swollen blue eyes and red hair teased into a bizarre structure involving chopsticks and fake flowers , she looked like a heartbroken irish geisha .
the main dining area was banked with flowers and packed with the staff of mexicali blues , waynes entire family , my buddies from the mailroom at work and the gang from curlwinds .
made from scratch by wayne 's mother and aunt paulina , it featured three almond - iced tiers painstakingly decorated with leaves and flowers , topped by two ivory - colored pastry peacocks whose frosting tails swooped down either side of the cake .
closing her eyes she could picture the building which was the art school , a modern structure , shining like a bauhaus blossom on those sunny days which were the ones she remembered .
while one hand was held behind his back , the other clutched a bunch of flowers rather awkwardly .
this position with a woman , he told me , brought about offspring , when one was enraptured in frenzy that extruded a white secretion similar to the pollen of a flower but as liquid instead of powder .
i noticed he had beautiful ears , like extraordinarily pale flowers , so delicate for a man , but i did nt have time to think anything more because he was still talking about this idea of his .
on the night she purchased the bug , which must have been a few months earlier , we d sat inside it decorating the dashboard with contact paper flowers ( of the flower power sort ) which we carefully cut out .
instantly catching zav in soundless motion cleaning up the room : heavy clouds of orange blossom incense suffocating foully ; liberating a moments displeasure .
smelly and hot with flowers thickly perfuming everything , almost like a heavy rain .
others whirling about under splendid capeseach having to be personally made , not borrowed , not boughtcreating swirling themes of showers of flowers and bright , daring bolts of colored forms ... globular was the dominant manifestation .. but as to all this only the teachers took notes , jotted in their observation books .
( ` ` blossom through pregnancy ? '' )
it was another flower athlete : needing the blossom !
a silent toast : solitary , but if he had asked , all would have chorused : ` ` flowers ! ''
... all the boys are in collective capture and rapture , for lily is gossamer lace upon her shoulders , sinuous shawl gliding , revealing the faintest of pearl - dew upon her breasts , holding her , cupping her , every man feeling his hands cupping her , and they float away as she turns and the amazement of her breasts is not that they are exceptionally beautiful or distinctly physical but that they are gifts - delicate : intricate , elegant : fragile lace : hand - crochet : falling like sun - shower snow , a slight fluttering fall ; breasts are her name - sake flower , ivory petals : belles with roseate berries : blossoms all of a sudden , no longer captive , yet only free because each boy is shouting her name , lily !
... all the boys are in collective capture and rapture , for lily is gossamer lace upon her shoulders , sinuous shawl gliding , revealing the faintest of pearl - dew upon her breasts , holding her , cupping her , every man feeling his hands cupping her , and they float away as she turns and the amazement of her breasts is not that they are exceptionally beautiful or distinctly physical but that they are gifts - delicate : intricate , elegant : fragile lace : hand - crochet : falling like sun - shower snow , a slight fluttering fall ; breasts are her name - sake flower , ivory petals : belles with roseate berries : blossoms all of a sudden , no longer captive , yet only free because each boy is shouting her name , lily !
something he s learned from dealing blossom .
he did make it a point of only firking drunk girls - and he s had a smithy or two , though it nags him that they might have been lying : each time he had tallied a missing quantity of blossom at weeks count .
as he dealt blossom , he tried it .
at times he wished that he , himself , did do a smidge of blossom ; heard that it sharpens the senses .
` ` xer , that blossoms got to you . ''
chapter j priscilla young sat at the beds edge drinking straight from the wine bottle ; not having ever drunk alcohol or caffeine or gom or razz - tazz ; not a smoker , not a blossom huntress ; nothing but purity : ` ` its your heritage , '' as if it had to be said !
gee , priscilla , your bodys more potent than blossom .
without even words ; glasses dropped , steins rapidly emptied , shots thrown back , snorts of blossom all around in some place , down another street , around the next corner , up a stair - case : if there had been a navigator , someone with geographical skills , or just anyone with a penchant for details , they would have known that they were on smiths campus : ( ` ` impossible ! '' )
full blossom and bloom !
the fresh kiss of early summer greeted her as she passed beyond the invisible barrier : the hint of a cool , late afternoon breeze scented with the smells of a dozen different flowers and spicy pine from the forest under the mountains miles away , along with the comforting odor of burning wood from an unseen fireplace somewhere nearby .
the air was spiced with sea salt , the vines and flowers and lawns she passed sprinkled with globules of dewdrops , tiny liquid worlds all their own .
pink with little flowers !
she would spin around the demon , or behind it , or under it the ease of each move grew exponentially as the victory of the song that had lodged itself in her spirit since she was born came to full flower .
she stopped and reached out and brushed her fingers against a wide , lavish , blue - and - white flower blooming at the end of a tall green stalk at the edge of pine scrub .
a bee inside the flower floated upward out of it ; the flowers petals felt silky and dreamily insubstantialbut still very real .
they were nt columns at all , but the stems of fantastic stone flowers .
with long , thin snouts and black , reflective , onyxlike eyes like commas , the sea horses sat regally in the cradle of each blooming column - flower , their ridersriders ! bedecked in vanerrincourtian colors of white , blue , and green , their capes billowing proudly off their shoulders .
conor and the enormous procession behind himall bearing roses , maggie just noticedhad moved a good distance up the fluted corridor of towering stone flowers to the thunder of mighty drums .
the air was cool , almost cold , spiced with the wafting scents of hundreds of alien flowers ; and though utterly still amid the trees and shrubbery and statuary he passed , had the uneasy charge of restlessness , like the calm before a terrible storm .
past yellow flowers came the road , dry and hard , turning through the desert , past the well , past the temple , and up to the hill .
get the gardener to bring in whatever he may find , including lemon blossom from the orchard .
to add insult to injury , he d sent her scented candles that , along with the flowers , were turning her apartment into a tropical paradise .
besides , he owed her the gesture just as he owed lyssa the flowers and chocolates .
every woman likes to be courted with chocolate and flowers .
there were no clouds in the sky and the shadows had a sharpness that enhanced the plastic clarity of the flowers and trimmed trees .
anna glanced up at the clockjust above the counter where the second hand circumnavigated adesign of flowers and fluffy rodents .
she looked around at the overshadowing grass and enormous flowers high above our head .
whilst the philosopher strode along briskly and easily , pointing out with a staff the various flowers and fungi that lined our walk , his slave was burdened down under the weight of a heavy bag carried on his shoulders and another which was strapped to his chest .
i despair of the so - called modern schools in the city which provide not even the minimum of moral guidance , complying with anarchistic doctrines that assert that the pupils character is like a flower that blossoms when abandoned to free expression .
the sun flooded down from a sunny blue sky , accompanied by smells of flowers , grass and fresh air .
huge statues representing famous brontosaurs , scorpions , mastodons and psammeads were dotted amongst immense paintings of naked women , wealthy patrons , vases of flowers , triptychs of heaven , hell and purgatory , or midgard , asgard and armageddon .
the forsythia , at least fifteen feet in height , was a wild mass of yellow blossoms .
she drank none of it , but sipped from a dainty cup of weak tea , dressed in a light print dress covered in yellow flowers , her hair neatly tied with a pink ribbon .
* * * bryan looked out over the field of flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
the tall , black , ugly willow that spun him to the top of the world , a thousand miles above the ground , above the fields of wild flowers running to the purple hills barely visible in the mist on the horizon .
she slipped her hand away and the hills seemed to rise from the distant mist , across a thousand miles of wild flowers , goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
liz was nowhere to be seen , just the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
he could see the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
in winter the swamp glistened with multi - colored flowers embellishing the trees and creepers , and the orchids dangling merrily from the branches of the trees ; the air was suffused with the fragrance of flowers and the ambience encompassing the land reverberated with chatters , squawks , clucks and screeches of migratory birds black - naked cranes , teals , francolins , goosanders , partridges , ibis bills , fork - tails , wag- tails , red - stars , pelicans and innumerable small birds .
in winter the swamp glistened with multi - colored flowers embellishing the trees and creepers , and the orchids dangling merrily from the branches of the trees ; the air was suffused with the fragrance of flowers and the ambience encompassing the land reverberated with chatters , squawks , clucks and screeches of migratory birds black - naked cranes , teals , francolins , goosanders , partridges , ibis bills , fork - tails , wag- tails , red - stars , pelicans and innumerable small birds .
the sahrul festival is a flower festival and it is held in spring as then the saal trees are adorned with blossoms .
the sahrul festival is a flower festival and it is held in spring as then the saal trees are adorned with blossoms .
the pahan then offers saal flowers to his wife and all the villagers as tokens of love brotherhood and friendship .
this is followed by the fool - khonsi ritual in which the pahan adorns every tribal house with saal flower .
the flowers , fruits and wood required for the worship are collected by young men from the forest .
one day while walking down a hillock , i noticed a girl at the bottom trying to pluck flowers from a domba tree full of white bunches of flowers .
one day while walking down a hillock , i noticed a girl at the bottom trying to pluck flowers from a domba tree full of white bunches of flowers .
she was very glad to get the flowers and started looking at them closely with great pleasure .
fields wore the snow - white shawl of kash flower , sthal - padma trees got adorned with deep pink large flowers , air got suffused with the enchanting smell of shiuli flower and the deep blue sky with rafts of white clouds made the atmosphere joyous .
fields wore the snow - white shawl of kash flower , sthal - padma trees got adorned with deep pink large flowers , air got suffused with the enchanting smell of shiuli flower and the deep blue sky with rafts of white clouds made the atmosphere joyous .
fields wore the snow - white shawl of kash flower , sthal - padma trees got adorned with deep pink large flowers , air got suffused with the enchanting smell of shiuli flower and the deep blue sky with rafts of white clouds made the atmosphere joyous .
priests , drummers of dhols and dhaks , sellers of flowers and puza materials , the owners of makeshift stalls selling fuchkas , toys , balloons , egg - rolls and other stuffs were happy expecting brisk business .
his books were full of beautiful pictures of humans , their houses , animals , birds , insects , fishes , frogs , fruits and flowers .
the field near the mango tree had become white with kash flower and there were plenty of pink sthal - padmas dangling from the projected branches of the large tree at an adjacent house .
wendy became adept at these and knitted abra several very long brightly colored scarves and stitched pillow shams and table runners with flowers and puppy dogs .
they all looked alike except for the flowers draped around the necks of the horses .
how about the white one with the red flowers around his neck ?
the lid of the candy box has blue and red flowers on it and some words that say hooper 's my selection chocolates .
he blew at a small white flower in front of him , making it bob back and forth .
he sampled leaves , flowers , and several roots , but none of them tasted like food .
the forest stood farther away , its leaves fading , its flowers long since spoiled and spilled , its colors and its creatures pushed off by the winds .
i imagined her spreading her legs for me in a room festooned with hanging scrolls painted in black ink with dragons , where red lanterns like bell - shaped fuschia blossoms cast an oriental glow over rosewood furniture .
the clean hands and faces , the bright flowers in their glossy hair , the gold draped around their necks and hanging from their earlobes .
the booths boasted goods such as coconuts , flowers , rice and other necessities for the forgetful worshiper .
mother stood proudly before her orchids , their white blossoms open like listening ears .
he managed to roll over , rub his eyes , and stare at a massive blue and white box , the sole decoration on it being a picture of a white plate with red , yellow , and orange flowers in a wild pattern where your food was supposed to go .
it had several pink and light blue silk flowers that matched her shirt on it .
though only partly within dans line of sight behind a column he could see she had on a chinese cheongsam that was blue with pink and white flowers entwined and spirally up from the hem and onto her right shoulder .
but when we reconnect , when we can somehow find a way to honor the seed of our self and allow it to sprout and grow roots and finally blossom , then we can rediscover the true and lasting joy of our inner spirit .
the black fleck was almost lost in the purple flower , but my eye followed it , as it fell in its lonely isolated funeral cort ? ge .
i call a tree a tree , not because i recognise that particular tree because of its beautiful pink blossoms , but because i recognise the category called ` ` tree '' - one with certain attributes : size , rootedness , shape , life - the list goes on .
a bee must feel like this as he immerses himself within the flower head , making love to the petals , muzzling the stamens , snorting the pollen , buzzing contentedly .
the small flower heads would soon regain their resplendent bloom .
i greeted all three , pausing so the ladies could admire the flowers .
the air was pure with the cool fresh fragrance of the gulf and the late spring blossoms .
the flowers were a nice touch by the way .
and then those little blue flowers came out , and the paper started calling her southneys snowdrop .
and as they looked down they saw , amongst the tall grasses and wild flowers that were swaying now in ever stronger winds , a dark and almost hidden , barely distinguishable shape ; a melancholy shape , a shape without hope or future associations .
as i watched , a flower seemed to spring out of the back of the detached doll and blossom into a colorful rectangle .
as i watched , a flower seemed to spring out of the back of the detached doll and blossom into a colorful rectangle .
the sweet magnolia blossom of the south .
her white tennis shoes contrasted with the sidewalk stained black from fifty years under 75 foot interior live oaks with their constant dropping of leaves , acorns and blossoms .
mrs . pane wore a white dress with a pattern of bright bouquets of maroon flowers and green leaves .
fl could be flower , fly , floor .
the women approached the door , oriole in the lead , as fred opened the door and stepped back to display the banner of welcome home and the bouquet of flowers announcing the new owner .
a centerpiece of cut flowers adorned each table .
a petite brunette in jeans , adorable yellow sandals decorated with flowers , and a plain yellow tshirt stomped up onto the porch .
koasati rushed ahead to the house and called his wife freshwater , conjuring a bunch of flowers to her hand as he approached .
coming to the south drawbridge they lowered it too , and from the missiles fired lotus blossom caused to be written , queen sophia was with him still without rush they walked about a hundred yards from the town then , when sure they had a large audience , invoked a ten times spell and went out of sight at over three hundred miles an hour .
a light breeze rustled the curtains while bringing in the light scent of the last few lilac blossoms on the bush below .
bright pink flowers peeked out from shirring on one side .
leon loves raising flowers .
a bowl of floating yellow rose blossoms sat at one front corner of her domain and large box of pink tissues occupied the other .
beth was in pink slacks and a flowered blouse with pink flowers .
she was so good at getting people to talk about themselves or engaging them in conversation about just routine things , like flowers or recipes .
there was not a single white petal or a black flower .
was there a card with the flowers ?
she walked over to the door to reset the security lock , she had n't put it back in place when the bellhop delivered the flowers .
he was trying to think of something that would get her mind off of the flowers and the phone call , but was at a loss .
i never receive flowers unless my father sends them .
the flowers had come from anthonys florist .
he was even bold enough to send her flowers and drop off her laptop .
the guy who just dropped the flowers off is so hyped up he would nt know his own mother , even if they detox him , they doubt hell be of any use , said det .
he sent the second set of flowers which put them on alert for a possible attack .
there s a pond out back which alex has surrounded with a variety of wild flowers and natural settings .
abby was cutting flowers in a rainbow of colors and placing them in a basket .
but main street had trees along its way that offered white blossoms in the spring , shade in the summer and bright leaves in the fall .
there were pillows fringed with lace , fuzzy rugs fringed with tassels , and lamps shaded with stained - glass flowers .
it resembled a red flower .
in the downtown area , wild flowers thick and lush with color , were planted along the streets , following the sidewalks set with half - moon pavers .
` ` for you , '' he said , presenting me with the flowers , ` ` the lady that lights up my life . ''
ms . thompson burst into the room holding a bouquet of flowers .
she watched the line of apple trees , with white blossoms shining under the street lights as they drove down the road .
he admired the flowers for their complexity , especially for how their form and even their colors changed as they opened to reveal themselves to the observer .
the container was a traditional suiban for the practice of ikebana , the art of japanese flower arranging .
producing a pair of small cutting shears from inside his suit jacket , rios ceremoniously cut a single , perfect yellow blossom and gallantly offered it to her .
the detective observed everything : images of saints , invitations , encyclopedia , bible , paints , vases , plants , flowers and photos with the family and friends .
the palaces of the rich added to the splendor ; and one of the seven wonders of the world were certain hanging gardens , which seem to have been beautiful parks of trees and flowers in the topmost of a series of super - imposed arches rising seventy - five feet above the ground , and irrigated by an ingenious apparatus which brought up water from the river .
it was springtime in ohio , which generally meant long , dreary , damp days , interspersed with the occasional sunny day with temperatures in the low seventies that seemed to make the grass greener , the flowers brighter and the air smell like perfume .
at one time the yard must have been nice , with a large cottonwood behind the house and a pair of matching blue spruce on either side of the front door , set off by beds of colorful flowers .
a darker tint for some of the flowers would add dimension .
huge flowers were quick and easy to make with the oversized tips , and she thought they d go over well with the birthday girl , a thirty - something who d heard about sam through her friend erica .
by eight - thirty , shed finished the wording and flowers and was putting the large sheet into the spare refrigerator to cool thoroughly and set up nicely before delivering it .
for the left side , roses seemed too traditional so she made mounds of tiny flowers in white chocolate that became clusters of hydrangeas .
i had nt started the edible blossoms .
maybe i could substitute gumpaste flowers from a supplier .
all of the delicate flower sprays looked fabulous .
the shimmering little bees buzzed around the artful gumpaste flowers as if performing some magical dance in a garden .
her hair was swept up in a cascade of curls held back with an elaborate crown woven of the same flowers i had ordered in gumpaste for the cake .
most of the color in the roombrilliant yellows , palmetto greens , and fuchsiacame from fresh cuttings of local plants and flowers .
you will see beautiful trees , blossoms and vines , but they can reach out with their thorns and stickers and tear your soft skin .
as best as i could understand it , bush referred to whatever grew near the ground : bushes , ferns with giant leaves , weeds , flowers , small trees , and grasses .
ginger thomas flowers and grape - sized gnip fruits .
overhead , the branches met in the middle of the road and were covered in the trailing pink flowers i d admired the day before , which rashidi called pink trumpet vines .
he caught up with the group , exhorting them to breathe in the scent of the flowers , ladies , glory in the beauty of the forest , because we almost back to civilization , and you may never come this way again .
her ebony skin shimmered below the crown of brilliant orange flowers .
the big victorian was a real showpiece , with a riot of fall flowers planted along the beautifully maintained walk .
the bulletin board sported a garden of flowers with photos of individual students in the center of each bloom .
the room was filled with flowers and jo sat in a chair beside the bed .
thanks again for the flowers .
the smell would enter your nose with the promise of spring flowers and then suddenly intensify , leaving you with your nostrils burning .
our springs sprouted flowers even though there was an overabundance of rain , summers were hot and dry as a desert , autumns turned the foliage an earthy orange and yellow , and winters saw snowfall like the towns up north .
the sky was cerulean blue , and the smell of budding flowers lingered in the air .
and a rainbow across the front in one hand , and a bouquet of miscellaneous flowers in the other .
wild flowers and sea grasses made it look like it led nowhere .
he brought another balloon and fresh flowers and was delighted to see no one else was there .
her mother hated those plates , each with a giant mauve flower in the center , but she had been stuck with them since she got married when her own mother demanded she pick out a set .
on either side stood a single floral stand supporting a large wreath made up of autumn - colored flowers .
he was dreamily studying the flowers when a dustcart went by .
` ` the flowers are beautiful , '' i prompted .
i began searching through the abundant blossoms .
anyway , who sent you flowers ?
they had no explanation as to why the petals had blown off of all the delicate blossoms , as if they too had exploded along with the vase , but i had one .
the flowers were from maya , the office manager , and the card was a mixture of , ' congratulations on your recent promotion , ' and , ' i ' m sorry for our recent dust - up . '
they were closely followed by maya who was laden down with an enormous bouquet of flowers as well as what looked like a two foot mummy .
dane helped me from the car and led me up the walk , leaving robert to juggle the balloons , flowers , and the mummified bear .
well , the only thing that happened , besides coming home with some great carved wooden giraffes , was that i saw some specimens of the trees that produce the brachystegia flowers .
peppered with dingy orange flowers , it looked like the relic had been new in the 60s and had seen much abuse in the intervening years .
not a weed or even a dead blossom anywhere .
turns out its a research project on poisonous spores of the brachystegia flowers .
specifically , i do research on the brachystegia flower and those plants related to it .
a white tablecloth was adorned with a small bouquet of fresh fall flowers .
the other chair in the room was a small armchair , upholstered in a pale pattern of flowers and leaves .
cherry pink and apple blossom white began to play .
tough to bury your child ; tough to see her life end while your life goes on ; tough to realize that someone out there deprived you of the enjoyment of watching her blossom in life .
maryland weather was always a challenge since each of the four seasons was so prevalent ; the winters were always cold , icy , windy and snowy ; the summers were hot , humid , and stormy ; and the spring and fall seasons were warm and cool and absolutely beautiful , from the blooming of the flowers to the changing colors of the leaves .
chapter 2 steves ultimatum it was raining again the following tuesday , although the threatening thunder had made a tactical withdrawal for the time being , and the light was n't good , especially under the ornamental cherry trees that seemed to close in at the sides of the road further down the hill , making the pavement slippery with their carelessly discarded blossoms .
maisie sues quilting group , on the other hand , had taken over three tables , now swathed in various printed fabrics which made christopher dizzy with their patterns small sprigs of blossom , tiny checks , spots and stripes vied with fluffy kittens for predominance .
` ` he had flowers and a little tiffany 's box for valerie . ''
by the time the first of may rolled around there would be enough flowers to make any brit think she 'd walked straight into an english country garden .
on every table , fresh flowers in tall vases sat amid sparkling glassware .
she gave me a hug and kissed my cheek , enveloping me in an expensive blend of flowers and spice .
tables with huge sprays of fresh flowers radiated out from a dance floor near the stage , already set up for the band that would be playing later .
her breasts were small mounds , the nipples just beginning to blossom .
in large , brass bowls , the sickly sweet scent of dahlias made the roast smell off , the flowers such a deep purple they could be mistaken for black .
like flowers and vinegar . ''
simply the sleeping body of fanny sainten decked out in her usual medium 's garb , a series of small candles and ornamental flowers arranged artfully around her .
the cup i used was delicate , ornately strewn with flowers and healthy green leaves .
good , clean murder : a plain jane mystery smashwords edition proverbs 31 house llc copyright 2013 by traci tyne hilton all rights reserved cover design by andrew rothery cover photo by ariwasabi table of contents 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 about the author there had been a storm in the night and twigs and blossoms littered the long sweep of concrete front steps at the hundred - year - old stone mansion the crawford family called home .
up close , he expected her to smell like the hospital , but she smelled sweet and floral , like orange blossoms and that same musky scent from before .
how wonderful it had been learning the names of all the wild flowers and herbs from tante marie .
climbing the porch steps , savannah took time to get reacquainted with the beloved window boxes of bright flowers , the cypress swing that she had shared with tante marie on summer evenings after supper .
yellow , red and blue wild flowers bloomed .
under her scrutiny i felt like a country bumpkin in my blue summer dress with the white flowers and my little white bolero , although i had been perfectly happy in them for the whole day up to that point .
i want to send them flowers .
flower beds snuggled next to a low adobe wall held orange california poppies , grey - green santolina dotted with vibrant deep yellow button flowers , and mounds of native grasses that sent up seed heads in airy abandon .
the trees were all in bloom and the sweet smell of the blossoms filled the air .
the trail opened to a small patch of grassy field , tall strands of willowy green littered with tiny purple and yellow blossoms , butterflies hanging low and plentiful .
nicks gaze drifted over the man in the rocker , out to the fresh spring palette of flowers and sunshine .
she brought a hand to her neck and covered her throat , her fingernails painted as blue as her eyes , coordinated with the blue flowers of her willowy blouse .
certainly , she enjoyed a ride in the back of the truck but only at her convenience , and did nt that human woman with the blonde hair smell like too much flowers and spices ?
there were no less than five dried flower arrangements , a wreath , two framed needlepoint canvases of cabbage roses , and a deep - pile lavender rug on the floor .
small bouquets of flowers garnished each pew along the center aisle and the white satin runner covered the floor .
he sent her emails , letters , dead flowers and , once , a dead bird .
the rose arbor sagged under the weight of heritage blossoms and their petals littered the flagstone walk .
the illusion was perfect down to the sweeping verandas and flowers .
pictures were grouped on the casket along with a ton of flowers .
her roommate said they got a lot of hang ups and sample got flowers with no cards , but it was nt anything creepy .
christian had been only six when he 'd helped his father , jean - luc , plant it ; now it was a profusion of pink flowers .
while his pen hovered for poullain to speak again , he took a quick scan of the kitchen : dried flowers , ornaments , flour and spice jars , a plate wall clock with portofino in scrawly black loops below a background harbour scene , no photos .
with a story that his son went to the same school and he wanted to ensure that flowers arrived while madame rosselot was there , the receptionist informed him that she normally visited every day , arriving anything between four and five and staying two or three hours .
he saw its first blossom , but died before the november when it fruited .
and now a nearby overgrown mimosa was threatening its continuing blossom and fruit , and she was too weak to cut it back .
beth takes the flowers out of his hand as he leans over me .
an orange - coloured dried flower arrangement sat in the middle of the table and to the side of that a tape recorder .
let me think oh yes , she gave me a small bunch of flowers , two more magazines and a tiny basket of soaps that were shaped like flowers .
let me think oh yes , she gave me a small bunch of flowers , two more magazines and a tiny basket of soaps that were shaped like flowers .
stuart winked in return , and said , these really are some of the most beautiful flowers i ve ever seen .
and look at this , stuart said as he pointed to a posy of large lilac flowers with a scarlet stigma .
a bright and wonderfully garish unikko teapot by marimekko with huge red and orange flowers on a white background with a natural wooden handle .
a garish flower pattern on both , unikko by marimekko .
there are trees and flowers and there is the sound of water flowing somewhere off to the left .
she recalled the saying april showers bring forth may flowers and that was certainly true this year .
you ca nt spray the blossoms or you risk losing the whole crop of citrus fruit .
the room did not overlook the ocean , instead sliding doors led out to a small porch and an enclosed garden filled with tropical flowers , shaded by a combination of trees and covered walkways .
cheery chocolate teddy bear cookies a plain jane mystery good , clean murder traci tyne hilton 1 there had been a storm in the night and twigs and blossoms littered the long sweep of concrete front steps at the hundred - year - old stone mansion the crawford family called home .
peter nodded at a pair of canvases , one a close up of a magnolia blossom , the other an iris .
the core of the flower was luminous but partly hidden .
` ` she wants an aromatherapy garden , and she wants all native plants and she wants a lot of big , showy blossoms .
they left catherine to enjoy her island paradise and strolled the path , savoring bright splashes of blossoms .
-- marcus aurelius joan smiled in contentment as she crossed the village green in the easing crimsons of late afternoon , walking across a carpet of ethereal white primrose flowers .
heavy raindrops hammered the earth , the flowers , and adas motionless body .
the thick fabric flared into a blossom of flame , billowing with heat and light .
in traditional wiccan fashion we prepare a circle using candles , flowers and whatever herbs are recognized as having particular potency during that phase of the season .
he was holding a pretty bouquet of flowers .
benjamin froglin a free download of this book is available at http : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/45420 written by tobias dingbat illustrated by tobias dingbat isbn : 978 - 0 - 9870533 - 2 - 9 benjamin froglin a bright young frog from a poor family becomes a scientist and develops intelligent flowers that can spell words .
her gnarly hands work deftly around bright purple and red flowers .
jonathan sent flowers again and said that he would meet you there .
its got pink flowers on it .
wallpaper covered with flowers of orange , red and purple had been ripped off and replaced with swirled raised plaster and painted a soft peach color .
she studied a set of mikasa china with pink poppy - like japanese flowers on the square plates .
stopping at an open air market stall , gia picked up a glass paperweight and twisted it , watching the scarlet flowers catch the light .
a patterned quilt covered the bed with flowers in shades of lavender and blue .
david lowered the flowers and smiled - a gorgeous smile that melted her heart .
she looked at the frame and black calligraphy letters surrounded by painted flowers the color of a spring garden .
bruce picked his head up from the pink flowers momentarily , and then , in his best meryl streep impersonation , said , the truth ?
maybe , kip conceded , while examining the flowers more closely .
hey , these flowers are nt tulips after all .
i hope the golden flowers are a good omen .
people from everywhere prayed for him and sent him cards , letters and flowers .
fortunately , the good lord , in spring and autumn , painted a beautiful picture with flowers , blooming trees , mowed yards and raked leaves .
her grave was covered with many kinds of flowers .
they grew a golden bloom they called the flower of the free .
she wore a green dress with large white blossoms sewn on it as she greeted visitors and family members .
on the inside walls of the bell is the painting of a golden blossom with a black center and the english words : one person with courage rang this bell to warn his village of the foreign slavers .
years ago , katy , when her father was nt watching , had painted large black flowers with yellow petals on each door .
here is a flower shape .
i m not asking you to send them flowers or flash them a smile when you see them : no , i just believe that their errors even the most horrible ones do not justify the justice that is being held upon them , or should i say , the revenge .
at the same moment , to the left of matt 's red silk tie , three gaudy flowers of the same hue bloomed on his white starched shirt .
but everywhere else , as far as the eye could see , there was nothing but knee - high grass , wild flowers , and scrub brush .
heirloom roses are not only amazingly fragrant , they are beautiful , but they do nt usually bloom as long during the season , nor do they have as many blossoms .
butterflies flitted from flower to flower in the bucolic meadow .
musicians played softly in the background , and heaps of flowers on the mantelpieces and tables filled the dining hall with a heavy fragrance of magnolias , honeysuckle and beeswax .
large magnolia trees spilled white blossoms all over the ground and obscured what appeared to be a large sundial .
a massive wisteria vine crawled over whatever it could find , covering camellias with cascades of purple flowers and thick , brown vines .
it had tiny purple flowers stitched along the top of the bodice .
because next time ill engage in more traditional courting gestures , like bringing you flowers .
the chocolate is coming , i tell her as i hand her the flowers .
red and pink flowers in huge pots line the entryway .
they re putting out new blossoms , not realizing there wo nt be time for the fruit to ripen .
that left only the pine with its greenery of five - needled bursts and the delicate golden sprawls of witch hazel blossoms scattered along the path .
the crimson blossom at his chest was a counterpoint to the dark green jacket he wore .
i did not mind at all the thought of being a serene , contented jersey in a highland meadow , breathing in the fresh breezes , nibbling on heather flowers and soaking in the joy of living .
there was local honey , from tupelo to blueberry to orange blossom .
he made a gentle sweeping motion with his hand , strewing the flowers in a shimmering cascade across the waters .
thank you , he murmured hoarsely , staring down at the flowers .
he swept his gaze across the flowers drifting in a spreading collage around us .
were nt claires wedding flowers beautiful ?
i will only add that the whole effect of the dress was accentuated by the fact that the woman wearing it was a redhead ( of the bordering on an orangish cast variety ) who also wore a wreath of pink flowers like a crown on top of her upswept hair .
in summation , ashley stated striking a lecturing sort of a pose and ticking items off on her fingers as she named them , that s no wedding planner , no pianist , no photographer , she made the florist cry , the hairdresser left in outrage , i barely saved the wedding cake from being sent back because the icing clashed with her dress , her once a day practices for the past two weeks have created a chicken pox epidemic in the flower girl , ring bearer , candle lighters , and guest book attendants , and she stormed out to get some air after she banished me from the ready room because i brought her a glass of water that did not contain a lemon slice .
she paused , tolerantly , and held out the flowers so that chessie could see them .
now , at five years old , i was drawing detailed animals , flowers , and buildings .
the wallpaper was covered with pink flowers .
flower patterns melted away to reveal the dark , oak wood that lay beneath .
you could tell the true costermongers : they wore long sandy - coloured corduroy waistcoats with brass and mother - of - pearl buttons with a picture of a stags head on them and green , red , or blue neckerchiefs with yellow flowers .
we were given lunch boxes on a lawn of wild flowers that was once the racetrack of the stadium .
( flowers do n't last well here , millicent .
' gl buys all the flowers for the house in ulus and arranges them .
there were flowers , candles , incense , hymns in french .
the landscape consists of tall dark green oaks , light green maples , yellow pines , and red cedar trees , short stubby light and dark green shrubs , hundreds of colorful wild red roses , blue azaleas , orange camellias , yellow daisies , pink petunias , and other flowers .
mary margarets carriage bordering along side an array of colorful flowers traveling around the west and east corners of antebellum house .
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
the grounds are both elegant to the eyes with beautiful arrays of flowers from blue azaleas to yellow roses and to the tongue with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts standing tall like earth - princesses in the red clay soil .
the sixth window is trimmed in yellow and green cotton wool plaid is beside the seventh pink solid silky rayon floral flowers of cotton drapes .
an eighth display window of baby blue background with tan birds and brown tree branches in burlap parks besides a ninth window of hot pink flowers on a white background with purple fans .
well appear like a row of lovely flower mixture consisting of a rose on a thick green prickly thorn to a delicate lily to a great big yellow sun flower .
well appear like a row of lovely flower mixture consisting of a rose on a thick green prickly thorn to a delicate lily to a great big yellow sun flower .
the flower varies in size , length , and color depending on your biological makeup .
the flower has mega amount of sensitive nerve endings which make for some great sexual pleasure .
move your finger into your flower gently rubbing it back and forth then side to side make it feel so good .
or the flower is highly sensitive to his lips , his fingers and then his dick .
if he gets nervous or fumbles too slowly then guide his finger to the top of your flower to acquire that all important erotic stimulation , immediately .
thrust gently the penis back and forth , without pulling the rubber tip out of your flower .
jerk the penis out of your flower , then ram it back inside , slowly .
ah ... o aw shove your penis into your flower back and forth , faster , orders chloe .
o , she parts her lips when he rotates his tongue around the outer lips of her flower .
he places his mouth and lips on her wet flower , gently sucking the gathered vagina lubricant from her hole as i scream , ah !
he crawls over her nakedness , dragging the tip of his tongue , travels from her flower to her stomach then to her waist , and to her rib cage .
he hovers over her face then inserts his two fingers into her flower roughly massaging in and out when she groans in lusty dirty .
he slowly tickles her hair , skin , and the lips of her flower pulling the tip away from the opening then uprights .
he kneecaps gently touching the lip of her flower with the tip of his penis .
he drags the tip towards the opening of her flower .
naw , he winks rubbing very smoothly the wet tip of his little guy against her flower .
you are turning me on , trinity , he winks , smiling then thrusts his little guy into her flower with a powerful force .
chloe taps one foot at a time sitting on the edge of a chippendale loveseat made of yellow with pink flowers with the hard wooden harp - shaped back rest digging into her naked shoulders .
emma sits inside an ugly floral sofa belonging in a clown museum with a peachy - beige background splattered with hundreds of hand - sized flowers of red , yellow , blue , pink , orange , and blue tickling their green curvy leaves around each other like a batch of gay plants .
she feels the tip of his little fellow nicely massaging her wet flower .
her vagina starts to expand outward with a little more pain then his tip touches the lips of her little flower .
you re doing great , sweetheart , he shoves his little fellow deeper into her little flower , grunting and smirking at the beauty of his first time sex with an innocent virgin .
feeling good , excited pleasure of her self - masturbating then increases her finger thrusts into her little flower for more lustful hotness .
he releases her mouth tickling her body with his tongue down to her little flower .
they buck up and down when she explodes from the tickling inside her little flower .
she searches the low pocket of lighted grass , the dark wild flowers , the tall shadowy tress , and short dark fruit bushes for hudson , seeing the grazing horse .
this one was painted brightly , with flower boxes in the windows .
the raffles hotel does however boast a lush courtyard of palms and exotic flowers in which the founder of the island would find some solace .
i could n't stop staring at the flowers .
i explained the scene in the kitchen and showed her the small card that came with the flowers .
it has a special article with the first lady making a wreath out of dried flowers and a glue gun .
a few days later paul walked in with some flowers .
she wore a fuzzy housecoat with yellow and pink flowers and weighed in at a good two - eighty , a real tub of lard , as grandma johnson would say .
she wore a housedress covered with pink flowers the size of watermelons , and i caught a glimpse of her dead - white lumpy inner thighs , although i tried hard not to .
tree branches were still bare , but thick buds had formed on them , a hint that flowers would soon burst forth .
she had blonde hair swept up and surrounded by cream - colored flowers , which matched her lace gown .
a basket of silk flowers sat inside a nearby fireplace .
another plant with red flowers and stems clothed with woolly hairs of a reddish / purplish color was unique , but she was disappointed that the flowers did nt have a scent .
another plant with red flowers and stems clothed with woolly hairs of a reddish / purplish color was unique , but she was disappointed that the flowers did nt have a scent .
the weather , the flowers .
dagger stepped back into the room , his eyes searching , then settling on a plant with red flowers .
padre walked around the plant with the woolly leaves and red flowers .
the odd cardinal flower still surprised with its intense red flower , bright against the black rock .
the first flower is blue , phil says .
and they sent flowers .
noahs clients have started sending over food and flowers .
he picked at the flowers and examined the shrubs .
the light from it hit the mimosa trees lining cottonwood court with a radiance that turned the green leaves a soft blue and the purple , fuzzy flowers at the ends of each branch a deep red .
some of the puff - ball flowers that sprouted from the smaller branches up top had snapped off and made suicidal leaps to the lawns below were they lay like pink snow .
after our snack , we went outside to rake up the leaves and pink , puffy flowers from the mimosa tree in our front parkway .
he tied them off at the end so when lit each one followed the other and he threw more buzzing flowers out in between each display .
the wooden flowers and leaves became eyes and mouths , open and round .
the room smelled faintly of old flowers , overlaid with the slightly stuffy scent of a room whose windows had long been closed .
and it was covered in little white flowers .
who does n't like small white flowers ?
franklin stood up and stretched , then reached down and grabbed a vine with white flowers with both hands .
cherry blossoms on the mall in a week or two .
the white magnolia blossoms floating in the crystal bowl on the table suddenly appeared extremely fascinating .
she leaned down and gently removed the huge bloom and stem , then laid her nose in the blossom as she gazed toward the other end of the landscaped area , which contained the maze .
only artfully designed furniture , just - right vases with silk flowers , and small sculptures on elegant pedestals .
maybe they want to beat the joneses and get a shinier coffin and better flowers than their neighbor had .
green with red flowers .
so that applies to the coca bush and poppy flower too , i guess .
so ergot is a kind of flower power .
more flower power .
on a small side table stood an array of decorative candles and a lovely vasesoon to be filled with fresh cut flowers from susans garden .
the wind snapped the dry stems and tore the dried petals from the flowers sending them swirling high into the night sky .
i have been flattered , given flowers and jewelry , i ve even heard a few , i love you , declarations .
growing over some of the exterior wall in a sprawling but tidy manner was a close knit vine of tiny deep green leaves covered with small delicate purple flowers .
the over all affect along with the massing of flowers everywhere makes it look fae .
a wide brimmed straw hat with lilac satin ribbons trailing down had been hung on the wallan old fashioned pair of opera length white lace gloves had been stiffly starched and affixed to the wall with a large pearl broocha triple strand of pearls hung from a small decorative hooka small purple satin evening bagseveral starched delicate crocheted doilies of white with crocheted purple and blue pansies on ruffled edgesan antique fan opened and mounted at a jaunty anglea small grapevine wreath with flowers and ribbons of pink and sage .
cheerful elves peeked from beneath shrubs and clusters of flowers .
mounds of flowers were everywhere as were shrubs and trees .
it was a beautiful day ; the fragrant smell of various flowers hung in the air .
i pointed to the budding flowers of the garden .
many people commented on my mothers wedding dress ; it was white , but adorned with blood - red flowers .
the sweet smell of spring hit my nose ; it was like the aroma of flowers and honey , the fragrant scent of green grass and morning dew .
the essence of the flowers was overwhelming .
a wonderful aroma , like that of fresh flowers , permeated the tiny study .
she ordered the fixed - price menu of pat and roast beef with pommes frites and the house wine , which turned out to be a flinty dry white which tasted like bouquets of flowers without the sweetness .
drawing a deep breath , the fragrant blossoms beneath her feet , filled the empty hollow of her soul .
one 's as delicate as a flower and filled with the morning light and the other sweet and warm as the evening fire .
it was made of a velvet fabric , and had little embroidered flowers about the neck and cuffs , it was full from the waist down , and tapered to fit snug at her waist , although it left a bit of imagination , as to where the bust line would ve been .
the trees bowed in the increasingly strong wind , the smell of wild flowers filled her nostrils , and the sun beat down upon her face , warming her cheeks .
a ring of flowers , he d placed upon her head the morning he d taken her to the shakespeare festival , along with the ribbons shed tied around her waist , as a belt .
chewter was nt interested in flowers and plants , so he just left it to harry .
long orange - red tubular flowers hung in rows among dark - green sprays of leaves .
a straw hat with a green ribbon and white flowers rested in her arms , and she wore glistening black earrings .
the homes landscaping matched the wildness of the sonora desert and camelback mountain : spiked cacti , red - hued boulders , and spindly whiplike ocotillos that were leafless in dry july but exploded with red blossoms in april .
and it has flowers and jewels molded in the bisque .
the garden had all kinds of plants , flowers , and trees .
i even tried to toil on my latest effort , a still life of cut flowers in a vase by an aquarium .
pasted in a thick book under plastic protectors were many different pressed flowers .
the only color on the immediate landscape was his dark - blue sack lying about five feet away and below him the red edge of the cigarette pack , like some flower thrusting through the snow .
she has a writers habit of jotting down anything she thinks might be useful for a future story ; the colors of the sky , grass , flowers ; the sounds of birds chirping , children playing , oars thumping , coxswains shouting ; the sidewalk bicyclists , skaters , and young moms jogging behind three - wheeled strollers .
for the finale , the next day you send her flowers and a card that says , please forgive me .
i answered insurance questions , coffin questions , flower bouquet and wreath questions , clothing questions , personal items questions , and questions about questions .
for all i knew he might have been at her funeral in some dreamed up shape , maybe a fly on a bouquet of flowers .
the herbs were in the flush of late summer growth , with green vines winding up the trellises and flowers of every color decorating the beds .
how he had sent them flowers , plied them with champagne and then started a highly sexual relationship with the two of them and in response he had put them up in a swanky london flat , given them both cars and paid all their bills .
the only movement was the ripples in the water as they expanded out into the lake and the pool of blood which bloomed like a flower from the top of davids head .
when i arrived at the theatre for the next performance , there were flowers on my dressing table , and one of the bolder chorines asked me , when s it due ?
sergeant lucas handed the bouquet of flowers to amanda .
the mother and daughter picked some wild flowers that were in blossom along the road toward the gate .
zo followed her daughters example , placing little purple flowers next to each dandelion .
following mrs . astors lead , new cottages began springing up along bellevue avenue like gaudy flowers .
he became obsessed with madeleine , showering her with gifts of flowers and jewelry .
large green vases filled with bouquets of colorful flowers were scattered throughout the room to add to the rooms elegance .
the swaths of pink - tinged blossoms enthralled the entire city .
the cake was an enormous , multi - tiered extravaganza decorated with spun sugar flowers , hearts , cherubs and fifty miniature american and presidential flags that encircled the largest layer .
there were small clusters of flowers on the stem .
an internet picture of it revealed a long thick stem with a bulbous flower .
and the flowers appear in a spectrum of colors , such as red , yellow , orange , purple , and pink .
while the internet pictures focused on the flowers of all these various poppy varieties , they all seemed to have wrinkly jagged leaves .
three months after the seeds are planted , the flowers appear .
the most impressive display of flowers is the bloom of wild california poppies .
their yellow - orange blossoms stretch up the hillsides , in some areas as an unbroken mass of color stretching to the tops of the surrounding ridges .
it was festive - lots of flowers and candy in primary colors , done in the style of mexican folk art .
on afternoons , the two great asian powers would stand in the hallway , admire the flowers , talk of the cost of things , and complain about the increasing discomfort of their shoes .
they agreed , tacitly , to admire - but not covet - the red flowers .
the very gates of the temples were painted that same color red , and so the red flowers represented one of the many paths to wu - eternity , enlightenment - essentially , the universe in a flower .
the very gates of the temples were painted that same color red , and so the red flowers represented one of the many paths to wu - eternity , enlightenment - essentially , the universe in a flower .
so the three were staring into the joy of red flowers when the black bird hit the window , throwing a great spiderweb crack around it .
he thought that perhaps he might use their own natural instincts to chase them away , after he read on the internet that the essence of cougar urine was sometimes sprinkled on shrubs and flowers to keep dogs from urinating on them .
she put on her favorite silver jewelry and wore it to the dinner table , and when she could n't find her squash - blossom necklace she shrugged it off like it was a minor thing - she must have misplaced it .
the ground had begun to level out here ; there were open spots in the jungle , and in one of these small clearings he saw what were plainly crops : mounds of curling vines that might be yams , beanpoles , the big yellow flowers of squash or gourds .
she smelled like a spring day when flowers start to bloom .
she went to the wheeler house and sat on jenna 's bright yellow couch with bright blue flowers and listened as jenna had defended her ex - publicly and loudly - and it had cost her .
this one was bright yellow with blue flowers .
it was bright yellow with blue flowers .
she put them on the low coffee table and peered at the stems through the clear glass ; she gently poked the flowers apart with a long finger .
i had to get out the yellow stickum , and i had to count the flowers ... ` ` you had supper with your mom 's ex ? ''
a few blossoms were shriveling , and one or two bits of baby 's breath had fallen to the polished surface of the old table .
the nature of the ground , broken by headstones and footstones , pots of flowers , and a toddler 's grave heartbreakingly decorated with a tiny baseball mitt , forbade the scream - and - run approach .
seth 's closed casket was draped in flowers and situated below the pulpit .
he wore overpriced khakis with a crease to rival the hair part , a blue lilly pulitzer blazer with a pink and green lining , a matching pocket hanky that puffed out like a clown 's water - squirting flower .
she says that the murderer was a man in his seventies , who arrived with flowers for zalachenko minutes before the murder .
` ` pink and aqua flowers ?
and sara is such a delicate little flower , michael .
he loved his mama and daddy , sent his girlfriend lindy flowers , performed his job adequately , and went his own way without bothering a soul .
hey , i never said anything about the cop sending you flowers , and they were still sitting on your kitchen table with the card stuck in them . ''
he had flowers - a bigger arrangement than claude had sent me , of course - and a present festooned with a huge pink net bow .
i took the flowers from him and headed down the hall with them .
i 'd decorated it with gold stiffened ribbon , gold ornaments , and gold and white artificial flowers .
varena ; tootsie ; me ; the other bridesmaid , janna russell ; my mother and father ; jess and lou o'shea , the one in his capacity as minister and the other in her capacity as church organist ; dill ; berry duff ; dill 's unmarried younger brother jay ; a cousin of dill 's , matthew kingery ; the florist who 'd been hired to supply the wedding flowers , who would double as wedding director ; and miracle of miracles , dill 's mother , lula .
` ` does he send you flowers and candy ? ''
i watched a butterfly , and a small bee , as each made the rounds of the flowers .
thea 's dark green dress was covered with teeny - weeny flowers in a sweet pink ; nothing splashy or florid for thea .
i passed claude 's door and went to deedra 's , decorated with a little grapevine wreath wrapped with purple ribbon and dried flowers .
but the dogwood i glimpsed , perhaps twenty feet into the woods , was beautiful , its flowers glowing like pale butterflies among the dark branchless trunks of the slash pines .
huge bonsai trees in chinese flower pots were arranged down the large corridor , which i assumed led to the big guys 's offices .
the floors reminded me of light ivory with only a splash of color in the form of thick rugs , and marble urns filled with stunning flower bouquets .
the air was warm and thick with the aroma of wood and flowers in bloom .
a warm morning breeze wafted in , carrying the sylvan scent of damp wood and blossoming flowers .
most were hidden behind countless flower bouquets and goodbye letters , but a few stood out - mostly of robert mayfield and women .
pictures showed flowers and lighted candles outside the door of the apartment building in enskede .
the wall was filled with pressed flowers .
new green shoots were appearing , and blomkvist caught himself humming the old song of spring , ` ` blossom time is coming . ''
she , of course , was the one who sent the flowers .
a single sheet of parchment with a frilly border of flowers and leaves .
comparing the copy to the originals , he discovered that the handwriting , along with the frilly border of flowers and leaves , was identical .
one , though , instantly drew his attention with the summary : paulownia tomentosa -- princess tree , karri tree -- fragrant violet flowers .
the growth rate was fast -- five to seven years to maturity -- and its blooms were quite striking , with an elongated lavender flower that was mildly fragrant .
the second - floor space was airy and light , with fresh flowers and a fluffy comforter on a sleigh bed .
the grass around every grave was cut and trimmed , and many were adorned with fresh flowers and wreaths .
there was a pink flower next to her name .
the air was syrupy with some kind of blossom .
it was covered with a pall of red carnations , and the sharp scent of the flowers carried through the chilly air .
he might even send flowers or contribute to the funeral expenses of a family who 'd lost a member to drugs or violence .
it 's ... wow , '' he said , in awe of the huge , multicolored flowers kissing the ceiling .
white fabric lined the aisle abby would walk down , and orange and purple flowers were pretty much everywhere i looked .
my cheeks blossom with an ugly red tint the longer people stare .
the glossy beading continued across the bodice in an intricate interpretation of a blossoming lotus flower .
the whole place smelled sweet and fragrant like flowers mixed with honey .
floral arrangements with burgundy and gold flowers paired with white roses were tied to the end of every row .
but the bright flowers , palm trees , and vibrant water are n't enough to distract me .
` ` ah , hints of gooseberries and apple blossoms , '' shannon said .
the flowers are so beautiful they almost do n't look real .
all i can inhale is the fragrance of the flowers .
that he wanted to apologize by sending me flowers .
the flowers had to have cost him an absolute fortune .
she turned just as logan entered , a bouquet of flowers in his hand .
he grimaced and held the flowers out to her .
to her relief , the library was empty when she entered , and the customary flower and note inviting her to dinner were not present .
hunter knew when she was working and made sure the flowers were delivered just for her .
` ` today 's flowers came with an invitation to a charity fundraiser scheduled for this weekend .
he kept moving down , over the underwear , to my delicate flower .
i showed up at her condo with movies , snacks , and flowers .
he asked , handing the flowers to me through the window .
thank you for the call , the flowers , and the trust .
so he shows up at my door , flowers in hand , with those huge puppy - dog eyes of his , begging me to let him take me out on a date .
it looks just the way i remember it - a big grassy lawn and gardens overflowing with flowers .
trees are budding and there are flowers everywhere .
i ' m filled with jealousy as i take in the trees that line the street , the perfectly manicured lawns with bright bursts of colorful flowers , even in the middle of winter .
i do n't see any indication he 's been here at all but the flowers in my hand .
if the flowers were n't so beautiful , i 'd hurl the vase at him , i ' m so pissed .
she found a soft t - shirt with little pink flowers and a grabbed one of my pink cardigans .
i felt a fire blossom low in my belly , a feeling like i might explode , or implode .
a thin red line you looked so guilty when i walked in your eyes were haunted your hands trembling and i watched a thin red line blossom on your wrist an evil scarlet flower trailing skeins of leaked pain down your arm so easily wiped away covered over hidden by bandages and lies and shirtsleeves glossed over by blase reassurances that it helped somehow as if gashes gouged in your skin could take away the grief you looked so guilty when i walked in jumping up from giving yourself scars and i wonder if my bought silence will be your death and i wonder if the vault of my soul can hold any more secrets any more hidden sins all this wells up on your skin bleeds out from a thin red line cut into your wrist jason walked in as i closed the notebook .
he focused on macroscopic shots primarily , closeups of everyday objects , especially insects and flowers .
a person walking by would step around that flower to avoid crushing it .
he had the dining room table set with candles and flowers and soft classical music playing in the background .
bending down , she took a series of photos of a purple flower in bloom .
it 's about loss , pain , and silence ... about how hope blossoms in the smallest of packages and in the least likely of circumstances .
the second painting was of a garden with a fountain surrounded by beautiful flowers .
beautiful flowers graced the aisle where a white runway was laid , leading down to an archway made of white magnolias that sat in front of a large fountain .
the tablecloths alternated green and gold with bowls of floating flowers and candles on top .
abundant plant - life was everywhere , and flowers were blooming - a wild contrast from the cold snow of greenland .
i nervously adjusted my short bridal veil and crown of flowers , and then looked over at ty .
at coby 's request , carol from their office visited me in hospital with a beautiful bouquet of flowers and the contact information for jude .
several strings of white paper lanterns hung above us , and toward the edge of the roof sat a small table adorned with candles and flowers .
the flowers lining the walkway were so perfect they could have been silk , and if there was a speck of dirt out of place in the rest of the landscape , i was about to be elected the president of the local p.t.a .
he had an overflowing bouquet of flowers in one hand , a large teddy bear in the other - the bandaged one from the file i 'd unleashed on him - and a smile like he was congratulating his wife on giving birth to their firstborn .
after arranging a few of the flowers , he looked at me with a wide smile .
then i look down at the reddish - purple flower arrangement sitting in a small glass vase in the center of my table .
at the end of the strings are small blossoms .
i look closer at the blossoms .
they 're not blossoms at all .
and my gated colonial house has acres of sprawling green lands , black shutters , and winter flowers .
she has tinsel sticking out from flowers .
` ` just the flowers .
panic unfurled slowly , like the opening of a flower .
plants with small yellow blossoms sprouted everywhere , and other white blossoms like snowflakes dotted the path .
plants with small yellow blossoms sprouted everywhere , and other white blossoms like snowflakes dotted the path .
they must have run out of flower names by the time she came along .
she had her red hat on and carried a basket of bright , large - blossomed flowers .
everything around there , even the flowers , was on a perfect level i could only dream of .
inside of the tent , everyone took their seats around white tables set with white candles and flowers .
i stared at my white a - line strapless dress , embellished with rhinestone flowers that cascaded asymmetrically over the bodice as i ran my hands down my sides .
` ` i wanted to go to the show with everyone , but then adam showed up at the bar with flowers and chocolate and made a big production about making plans .
she had a big silk flower in her dark hair and her glasses perched on her nose .
the manicured gardens , with perfect hedges and bare flowers , glittered with frost like sparkly lace .
quaint shop signs dangled in front of wonky buildings with flower baskets and fresh fruit in bushels looking waxy and delicious in the winter sun .
i need you big , strong and healthy , '' she said sweetly from behind me as a tiny pink plate was passed over my shoulder , with a small heart shaped sandwich in the middle surrounded by apples cut into flower shapes .
mace was now doing private investigation work for his buddy , and scarlett , shit , she was talking about dresses and flowers and crap ; something i never thought she 'd do , but that 's the proof : love made you forget who you were .
we stepped out onto the carpeted aisle of the church and at first all i could see was the flowers , the guests who had turned to stare at me , their approving smiles , their curiosity .
it stretched out for what seemed like miles , a bedspread of early spring flowers and long grasses , some still mottled by the old , dead fronds from last year 's growth .
the tux , the limo , the flowers , the dinner , the ritual and the silliness , all started to make sense as i stared into her eyes , and then something inside me just rose up and i leaned down to take her mouth , which she gave freely .
need , powerful and unexpected , blossoms inside me , and the fingers i still have tangled in his hair tighten as i pull him more tightly against me .
fabric draped across my shoulders and hundreds of tiny white flowers were woven into my hair .
taking the flowers from my hands , he places them on top of my suitcase in the hallway , before reaching for me .
the walls are lined with commercial art -- if you could even call it that -- of large flowers in ugly vases .
when cole takes the flowers from her , em sees me for the first time and gasps .
we ' ve got a dress , cake , reception venue , pretty lights , '' cherry said , winking at kelly , ` ` flowers .
it was fairly small , but enough to feed about fifty , two tiers , simple butter cream frosting but you can tell cross 's girlfriend arranged to have tom envelop it in flowers .
the food , the champagne , the flowers , the dress , the guests .
though , the piles of flowers , candles and oddly , pharmaceuticals , were a sight to be seen .
he stops in the doorway , and his eyes widen at the flowers and candles , low - lit chandelier , the spread of all of his favorite dishes , and me .
suiting the mediterranean style , several vases with flowers were set up in the corners , brightening up the minimalist look .
as we entered and walked through the hall we were met by the sight of plush leather chairs , bouquets of flowers on every table , and soft music playing from invisible speakers .
the garden - although a little neglected - was still stunning , with tiny gravel stones building a strong contrast to the myriad of blooming flowers , and with palm and needle trees shielding the estate from prying eyes .
brought my mom flowers every other weekend , never missed one of our games .
the front of the area is decorated with purple flowers and the main aisle is lined with black and purple ribbons .
there 's a red ribbon around the middle and a red flower in her hair .
it 's pretty , though , the way the yellow shutters stick out from everything else around and how the grass is covered with a variety of flowers , none of which go together but make it colorful and lively .
she tentatively reaches out and touches the fabric with a stoic expression as she runs her fingers along one of the black flowers .
she 's in the kitchen with ethan , bags of red and black candles and matching flowers , ribbons , and other decorative shit scattered all over the countertops and table in front of them , along with wrapping paper and tape and a bag full of christmas present bows .
those thoughts must have shown up on my face because he walked toward me holding out the flower .
palm trees lined the narrow street and the street signs hung above flower boxes spilling over with red flowers .
the air even smelled the same as it once did , hot pavement , dried palm husks , and orange blossoms .
it was just an outline of cherry blossoms , the color missing .
all the night - blooming flowers were opening as the sun disappeared behind the mountains , leaving us in a blue haze .
what started off as a bare branch growing from the roots of my foot soon unfolded into a leg full of cherry blossoms .
camden made the criss - crossing lines into a tangle of green growth ; he coaxed my dead skin into living flowers .
the pink cherry blossoms were so full , vivid , and life - like .
she left me in a cloud of dust , a swirl of crushed cherry blossoms that choked my heart .
on her arm was the sleeve of cherry blossoms i had partly filled in a few weeks back .
the same cherry blossoms i would later add to ellie 's leg .
i dropped down to my knees and crawled over her , pinning her body between my limbs , the contrast of the dark hair of my legs to the milky white of hers , the cherry blossoms more delicate and vibrant than ever .
i pulled up the wide leg of my pants and gazed at the bright pink and red flowers that adorned the scars .
the skirt was hiked up to my knee exposing my cherry blossoms , so bright and daring in the tropical sunlight .
i was wearing a long peasant skirt and gladiator sandals that wrapped up to my knee , covering my cherry blossoms even if anyone could see them .
we disappeared into the orchards , the smell of orange blossoms in the air .
the sensation pulled me under , the heat that spread from him and through me , the memories mixing with the smell of orange blossoms .
he probably would care if i slept with travis - i mean , i know he would , judging by the anger in his eyes every time he looked at my cherry blossoms , but he did n't care enough to not have me do it .
everything was beautiful , from the perfume of hot asphalt and night - blooming flowers to the ornate streetlamps that lit up the colonial - style buildings as we got closer to the city .
i could see the start of the cherry blossom tattoo snaking its way up her calf .
travis 's place was at the end of a very long and narrow cobblestone street lined with flowers that seemed too bright for nature and palm trees that stretched as tall as the eyes could see .
it looked awfully pretty next to the cherry blossoms on my shin .
i was n't exactly known for my fashion sense and even with the cherry blossoms covering the scars on my leg , bringing me beauty that i did n't have before , i did n't see myself branching out anytime soon .
his hands found my leg , one of them lifting the hem of my dress , the other slowly moving over the cherry blossom tattoo .
his hands lingered momentarily on the cherry blossom tattoo before sliding back up .
the cherry blossoms offered no defense .
` ` i love cherry blossoms , '' the barista commented , handing the woman her massive cafe mocha .
violet cried out , wrapping her tiny arms around her cherry blossom tattoo .
there was a river that ran along the park , and i remembered ducklings and goslings playing in the grass under the pink and white blossoms .
the air was cool , but with a heat of something warmer coming , the sweet scent of apple blossoms filling my mind .
i could see small flowers dancing on gentle breezes , twirling and spinning from their branches onto carpets of pink and white .
green grass peeked up through the fallen flowers and thick brown trunks rose from the ground .
a sandy head peeked around the low gnarled branches , hazel eyes bright against the blossoms .
a pink blossom floated down gently and landed in his hair .
he brushed a blossom from my hair , letting his fingers then trace the line of my jaw before bringing me to him for a second kiss .
i leaned into him and he softly kissed my head as we looked out at the lake and the falling blossoms , the world falling back into place .
i do n't care how much my dress costs , what the ring looks like or what color the flowers are .
she chose not to go with a veil , instead having tiny white flowers that matched her bouquet sprinkled throughout the dark braids .
it was a funny little tree , with bunches of beautiful five petaled flowers .
i picked one blossom from a branch , and held it to my nose .
they were soft pink plumeria flowers .
i was n't the one who was usually so bold , but the man did fly out and bring me flowers in a limo .
the flowers were still in the plastic on my kitchen table .
owen flew three hours in the wrong direction just to bring me flowers .
a small arrangement of plumeria flowers sat in the center of the blanket .
we drove by gray 's lake and the crab - apple forest , but the blossoms were long gone .
these flowers are owen 's and mine .
she should have looked demure in her dress suit , gold flowers shining out happily from a field of silver , but instead , she just looked like an angry bee .
i knew she did n't see the people there , the flowers starting to arrive by the armload .
the snow finally melted and spring filled the air with its warmer temperatures , its colors , and its smells as flowers bloomed and trees budded .
the dull , colorless winter that was so often gray and dreary quickly gave way to full green trees , white flowers , and bright blue skies .
` ` i have a good feeling , '' he said , glancing at the flowers .
gran asked , still arranging the flowers .
and at the end of the strings are small blossoms .
the flower closest to me crooks a petal at me and beckons me forward .
i blush like crazy when i see that he 's written , pete 's girl in a gothic script with squiggly flowers and vines draping down below the waist of my jeans .
she spoke into a handheld device and soon another woman came bustling forward with a ring of flowers for savannah 's hair .
dormant cherry blossoms were everywhere in the quad ; the campus would be truly stunning in the spring .
she 'd even snipped that the flowers were making the apartment stink .
he pointed at us with a hand holding a bouquet of flowers ; they vibrated as his hand shook .
she would surely pick out for me : my dress , my bridesmaid dresses , a guest list , invitations , flowers , music , the venue , a caterer , the wedding cake , tuxes ...
a male nurse was walking a few paces behind anna , and he had his arms weighed down with a car seat , flowers , and two bulging duffel bags .
linens wrapped with tube lighting and flowers were hung in a way that framed the window , like an altar ; outside the window , i could see the swarms of fans in the background .
aside from the flowers , this was the first we 'd heard from her .
` ` i ' ve toyed with the idea of getting a little cherry blossom branch on my back . ''
you just tell me when , and i 'll get some of my cherry blossom designs ready for you . ''
she blushed and giggled and told a little story about how she 'd always loved cherry blossoms .
frankie held up a square of paper that was about three by five inches , illustrating exactly where and how she planned to place her precise sketch of a cherry blossom branch , left of her spine , the top ending right where her shoulder blade started .
dark branches were painstakingly detailed and ended in pretty blossoms that went from myriad shades of pale pink , to magenta , to a bright red .
` ` well , sakura means cherry blossom in japanese , but what i ' m dressed as is the character sakura from naruto .
i wore a sleeveless little yellow sundress with white flowers , and tristan wore a white polo shirt and khakis .
no warmth , no cheerfulness , no healthful ease , no comfortable feel in any member - no shade , no shine , no butterflies , no bees , no fruits , no flowers , no leaves , no birds !
me : thanks for the flowers .
oh , there was nothing sorrowful in flowers .
oh , there was nothing sorrowful in flowers wooing the glances of an april sun , or apple blossoms opening one by one their crimson bosoms - or the twittered words and warbled sentences of merry birds ; - or the small glitter and the humming wings of golden flies and many colored things- oh , these were nothing sad - nor to see her , sitting beneath the comfortable stir of early leaves - casting the playful grace of moving shadows in so fair a face- nor in her brow serene - nor in the love of her mild eyes drinking the light above with a long thirst - nor in her gentle smile- nor in her hand that shone blood - red the while she raised it in the sun .
all these were dear to heart and eye - but an invisible fear shook in the trees and chilled upon the air , and if one spot was laughing brightest - there my soul most sank and darkened in despair ! - as if the shadows of a curtained room haunted me in the sun - as if the bloom of early flow'rets had no sweets for me , nor apple blossoms any blush to see- as if the hour had brought too bright a day- and little birds were all too gay ! -too gay ! - as if the beauty of that lovely one were all a fable.-full before the sun stood death and cast a shadow long before , like a dark pall enshrouding her all o'er , till eyes , and lips , and smiles , were all no more !
it has tons of flowers and plants around it .
it has a hot tub that is connected to it , along with so many flowers and plants that you would think we were in the jungle .
the walls are a very light blue with flowers that shoot up from the base with clouds and butterflies .
` ` why 's this bill sending you flowers ? ''
i know we 're outside ; i can smell flowers and feel the sun beating down on me .
i admired the huge arrangement of flowers in the middle of the table .
i noticed for the first time that the private room we were in was filled to bursting with flowers .
the pine trees were incredibly tall there , the foliage thick and little purple wild flowers dotted the ground whimsically .
all of the flowers were red , of course .
` ` but we need to come back to japan in the spring for the cherry blossoms . ''
no ` ` in lieu of flowers please send a donation to '' with the name of some awful young - mother - killing illness at the end .
` ` i wanted to give you these , '' he stammered , thrusting the flowers into my arms .
erin 's opposition to chaz 's breakup - reversal efforts ended on valentine 's day , when he 'd shown up with reservations for ` ` their '' bandb , after having flowers delivered every day for two weeks , turning our dorm room into a hothouse .
black tablecloths cover the high top tables , displaying tall vases filled with different assortments of flowers in whites and oranges .
we pull into a driveway lined with small bushes and large flowers in bright pinks , yellows , reds , and oranges .
the path leading to the front door is lined with the same plants and flowers as the driveway , with small and large palm trees by the garage and front of the house .
it was flowers and sunshine with just a touch of something that made him start to ache with want .
he jerks backward , twisting sideways , red blossoms blooming on his chest and a wide blotch on his back , shapeless and spreading .
blood blossoms , abdul is yelling , screaming orders .
there were trees , flowers , and greenery everywhere .
still nude , their bodies were a series of legs and h*ps and arms , all mixed together like a bouquet of flowers .
underneath an ivy - covered pergola , surrounded by overgrown rose of sharon bushes , every flower was in full bloom , and it felt like a little womb of blossoms .
underneath an ivy - covered pergola , surrounded by overgrown rose of sharon bushes , every flower was in full bloom , and it felt like a little womb of blossoms .
and ` ` blossom '' sounded so demure .
she had n't opened the envelope that had accompanied the flowers .
even these flowers .
one thousand long - stemmed fuck - me - please flowers .
paul whistled appreciatively at the number of flowers that still filled every corner of the floor .
because a flower does n't serve any purpose outside of bringing a person joy .
bouquets of white flowers lined the area like romantic snowdrifts .
who the hell is sending you flowers ? ''
just flowers . ''
we 'd already been asked several times as to when we were getting married and received numerous suggestions on everything from churches to caterers to what type of flowers are best .
do not deliver any more flowers to ms . mitchell .
to my amazement , someone sent me a beautiful picture of red and white flowers .
i had never received virtual flowers before .
` ` thank you for the flowers ! ''
the sidewalks were lined with colorful flowers , and there were sparsely placed trees throughout the courtyard .
in her arms was a large arrangement of flowers .
maybe it was meant for a different kelsey in the dorms or something and they got the rooms mixed up , '' i said as i placed the flowers on my desk .
with one last glance at the flowers , i followed them out the door .
clad in the dress i wore last monday , with the black background and blue and green flower and bird pattern , i leave my hair loose and hanging down my back .
a little later , she chatted with an older couple who debated which serving plate to buy - the white one with yellow painted flowers , or the green one that was just the right size for asparagus , the woman said .
i gesture to the spud , my right index finger adorned with a flashy pink stylized ring in the shape of flower petals that complements my maroon lightweight sweater , one of those wrap - around numbers with a super slim tie around the waist and a low - cut neck .
you 're the one who sent me flowers , did n't you ? ''
` ` the flowers were beautiful , jill , '' he says as we reach our stop .
a vase of jasmine flowers fills the boutique with a sweet floral scent .
in the middle of the flowers was a picture of her late fiancee , travis .
the bodice had intricate green and gold beading and embroidered flowers with sheer material that would reach her thighs along with a matching thong .
steve was the kind of guy who brought you flowers and called you in the morning to see how you were doing .
it 's these that are the toughest to coax out that make some of the most gorgeous flowers . ''
a large silk flower arrangement sat at the base of the monument .
how pregnancy has made her blossom into an even more breathtakingly sexy woman . ''
the words stunned her , and even though she did n't want to admit it , the words made hope unfurl its leaves and start to blossom inside her again .
the wreath was a gift from her aunts , a work of art made from gold - plated vines and pearls roped in the shape of flowers .
my orgasm burst out like an opening flower , like a rose , and i felt divinely beautiful in my ecstasy .
she pointed to a painting that was thick with lush flowers , and strangely erotic , for a garden .
i ran down to the front entrance rather than buzz up a stranger , and was greeted by the most adorable young man on a bicycle , who handed me an elegant bundle of flowers and a card .
every man fantasizes about the dew on the flower . ''
a television permanently set to beautiful scenes of nature , flowers , butterflies .
the flowers changed from yellow to pink .
staying in , staring at a flat screen of flowers with bars on the windows between deacon and me , was n't going to cut it .
amanda westin died in a drunk - driving accident , and the driver walked away because his dad was a duke in some tiny european backwater , and the news vans came , and the flowers were imported from india , but how could i make them care ?
i figured the flowers were from daniel , asking for another reprieve .
pushing past bamboo , bushes with sticky burrs , and tall weeds with yellow flowers that i knew tasted like broccoli , i came out into the end of the driveway , at the front end of the backyard .
i slid on my pink metallic , slim strap havaianas with their sole covered in gray , white , and turquoise flowers then i headed to the front door .
* * * * * early the next morning , i sat on my side porch , jeans on , pink thermal with its tiny blue and green flowers on under a western style jean shirt with pearl snap buttons , fluffy wool scarf wrapped around my neck , my feet encased in very thick wool socks up on the top railing .
because it might not be big and grand , full of words , flowers , orchestras playing , fairy dust filtering through the air , but he found his quiet but spectacular ways to make me more and more happy .
the pots littering my front porch and the steps that led up to it were bursting with flowers and greenery .
and along the pier a name spelled out in flowers up the indent of his lower spine .
in flowers .
orange flowers , twice a year .
soffits papered in wallpaper that had a white background , green vines and leaves , white and yellow flowers and big fat strawberries .
but just then , he was connecting with some woman , buying her flowers , throwing away money i won putting my ass on the line .
well , that explained the flowers .
extensive lovely grounds , safe walkways through them , lots of flowers lush even in may in colorado .
the square in summer had perfectly tended , dazzling green turf and healthy , abundant , colorful flowers burst forth from the urns .
they were cute flip - flops , with big , floppy flowers at the toes and they matched the dress nearly perfectly but , as my eyes slid up and down my body in the mirror , i just did n't think they 'd do .
it had lots of christmas lights strung everywhere and tables with small , compact arrangements of cream flowers set in the middle and peach tablecloths draping low that lined a balustrade of a long , stone terrace that faced the lake .
chapter six god granted you more talents i was sitting at luci 's kickass wrought iron table outside on her terrace , my heels to the seat , my knees to my chest , sipping a cup of coffee while wearing her bright orange silk robe with huge even brighter scarlet red flowers on it that she let me borrow when she brought me a bunch of stuff so i could shower .
` ` they have one exactly the same but this enchanting purple with a splash of vibrant pink flowers , cara mia , that would be perfect for you . ''
the main street consisted of two sides of two - story , sturdy , red brick buildings decorated with american flags and pots of flowers .
` ` and , red , he ca n't afford fourteen thousand dollar engagement rings and ten grand on flowers and whatever the f**k on catering .
` ` he 's nice and he bought me butterflies and flowers ! ''
at this point billie careened into our conversation and she did this by careening directly into mitch 's h*ps at the side , wrapping her arms around them , looking up at mr . pierson and announcing , ` ` he bought me butterflies and flowers ! ''
` ` cute nightie , '' he muttered , my head shot down and my hands moved immediately to close my robe over my little , cream , stretchy - cotton nightie with the tiny pink flowers on it .
my raspberry sheets and blush comforter cover with its embroidered raspberry flowers with delicate , grass green stems and leaves was shredded , feathers from my duvet and pillows all over the place .
now it was a still warm mid - october and in the two half barrels that flanked the short entry from lincoln to the building and the four that ` ` decorated '' the top and foot of both stairwells had a riot of a green , healthy weeds , an equal riot of brown dead bits and some straggly , weak petunia blossoms which had obviously struggled valiantly against the odds but clearly should be put out of their misery and not only because autumn had settled on the rocky mountains .
i was turning to gather my overnight case , purse and the white bag with the robin 's egg blue ink stamp of hummingbirds and hibiscus blossoms around the words , ` ` tessa 's cakes '' when my phone rang .
three robin 's egg blue walls , one of them with a huge , stenciled pattern in lavender of hibiscus blossoms attended by hummingbirds with the back wall behind the display case painted lavender with ` ` tessa 's cakes '' in flowery script painted in robin 's egg blue surrounded by hibiscus and hummingbirds .
but the colors were warm and beautiful , the flowers and birds delicate and striking .
it also included robin 's egg blue and lavender and hibiscus blossoms and hummingbirds and smiling clerks and kids who walked in with looks on their faces like rex and walked out with smiles on their faces like pretty much everybody .
it was n't quite summer but it was the end of spring so the flowers had n't come close to filling out .
a huge bouquet of flowers from holly .
sure , that skip was a high bond and the payoff was mammoth , so mammoth tate did n't really have to work for months if he did n't want to ( and it meant i could double the flower and catering budgets for the wedding which holly , who was doing our flowers , and shambles , who was doing the catering , were ecstatic about ) .
he 'd had a silver necklace custom - made , a fall of five , exquisite silver flowers in a pendant hanging from it , the links in the chain were unusual and beautiful .
diamonds clustered in the shape of a flower .
the third , a diamond bracelet made up of the same flower clusters .
there was a massive island on which were big bowls of chips , smaller bowls of dips , platters of fried chicken , bowls of coleslaw , mountains of mashed potatoes , gravy boats of gravy , stacks of baby blue paper plates decorated in white doves like on the banner , the wedding rings on the plates silver , matching napkins , cups filled with blue plastic cutlery , several small vases filled with flowers here and there and in the middle was a delicious - looking homemade cake that had a plastic , traditional wedding top bride and groom stuck in the middle of it .
` ` it was n't just flowers . ''
no flowers for the deck .
queen - size bed with feminine sheets and comforter , white background with stark swirls of green stems leading to big flowers of multiple shades of blue and pink .
a bunch of flowers .
the bed had bunches of pillows of all shapes and sizes , soft sheets i indulged in because they cost a fortune but felt great and a down comforter covered in a mint green cover with purple , pink and blue flowers on it .
what i can promise you is that , if what 's bloomin ' between me and faye keeps takin ' root , grows and blossoms , she will know everything .
i ' ve never seen a bouquet of flowers this big . ''
he frequently sent flowers to his mother .
further , he spent seventy - five dollars on his mother 's flowers .
the stitching included yellow and orange that was random detailing , there were some green stitched vines and last there were vibrant pink flowers .
` ` these are from chace , mom '' she told her mother , sondra took the bouquet and her eyes went to the flowers then to him and they were even warmer .
i stared at the flowers and told my sister , ` ` got that , girl .
but i finally got in my life what the color of those flowers means .
fox walked down the right aisle and stopped in front of a tray of pretty white flowers - tiny , like snowflakes hanging off a bright green stalk .
everyone wore a my little pony item and the flowers dotting the small group were arrangements of ponies of different colours .
the end of the platform became a sea of petals and strewn flowers full of accolades .
in jungles , birds died from being attracted to the gleam of cavernous flowers .
pastel pink flowers had been decorated through her hair .
the wedding went off without a hitch - the flowers , the photographer , and cake .
tiny asked , taking the flowers .
` ` i come with flowers and food .
he knew he deserved it and handed her the flowers .
he asked , dropping the flowers to the counter .
and a gorgeous bouquet of over - sized mustard flowers .
bright showy flowers , thick acrylic paint , chunky enough to dip your finger into .
` ` the flowers are beautiful .
i would have been over the moon with a few flowers or a card .
there were several dozen flowers , too many for her to count in her stunned condition .
her man had arranged every detail , from the beautiful flowers to the lovely candlelit chapel .
hence , the flowers . ''
betty and i go through a couple of books , taking notes on flowers and arrangement styles while declan remains quiet in the seat next to me .
he then hands me the flowers .
purple flowers being one of them .
towards the back of the dining space , there is a secluded table that 's covered in burnt orange and white flowers with dark , rich greenery .
i stop for a moment to take everything in : the dark room is flanked with fire - burning rustic lanterns lining the walls , lavish orange and red flowers and greenery filling the tables , people dressed in their finest gowns and tuxes , and masks that reflect the theme - devils , harlequins , studded black leather , and of course my own black metal mask .
i lie back down in the sheets , staring at the flowers and dreading tomorrow when bennett comes back and i have to go to my other home .
` ` are there lots of flowers ? ''
brilliantly massive blooms are illuminated by the full moon above , casting its glow on the array of colorful , exotic flowers ; pink , orange , yellow - but no purple in sight .
one by one , lotus flowers bloom , spreading their pure white petals over the muddled water .
i walked to a low hanging branch , bright pink flowers as delicate as the breeze glittering in the sun .
she came back toward me with a small bunch of tropical pink flowers .
i stood still as she pinned the flowers strategically , giving me a pop of color that brought the whole look together .
fragrant tropical flowers lined the floor around us .
the tables were lined with crisp white linens and fresh flowers .
the tabletops were covered with white linen and flowers , probably from the florist at the corner .
the flowers were n't from logan .
i thought these flowers were a do - over , a second chance with logan , not a too - late apology from the ex that never really got me in the first place .
i do n't think i even know the names of half the flowers on that monstrous thing .
` ` nice flowers , '' says a male voice .
cultural panacea of temples and balmy tropical weather and flowers as big as my torso .
its variegated hem - of intertwining leaves and flowers - falls modestly to my knees , and there 's a little embellished yellow flower on one side of it , just below the neckline .
its variegated hem - of intertwining leaves and flowers - falls modestly to my knees , and there 's a little embellished yellow flower on one side of it , just below the neckline .
it is laden with flowers .
the ivory gown is a puffed - up inverted flower , so elaborate that you should see me float in it .
all that rain and cherry blossoms scattering around .
even artificial flowers look greater than real ones ... sometimes .
girls flocked to him like bees to a male flower with a very prominent stamen .
a pot of artificial flowers forms the centerpiece of the table .
` ` and where should we send these beautiful flowers ? ''
` ` and who shall i say the flowers are from ? ''
` ` god , do n't say it like that , '' shannon groaned , eyeing the flowers with open distaste .
why are you sending me flowers ? ''
penny accepted the flowers and smiled .
could the flowers be from dillon ?
but when she read that the exquisite flowers were from vince and nolan , she broke down completely .
lowering his head to her neck , he breathed in the appealing scent of ... orange blossoms ?
` ` but she said he sent her all these flowers and then this super sweet card begging her to take him back , so she did , and then he proposed , so she said yes , and now they 're in vegas .
the moment his head hit the pillow , the scent of orange blossoms filled his nostrils , which only made him angrier .
damn annabelle and her snobby parents and her sexy orange blossom smell and all that sexy sarcasm .
he held her close , breathing in the sweet scent of orange blossoms , rubbing his chin against the silky - smooth flesh of her neck .
a small kitchen was tucked off to one side , and the living area was separated from the sleeping area with a see - through japanese screen that featured bright pink cherry blossom trees .
the wedding had gone off without a hitch , the flowers were a success , and prestige events wanted to work with her again .
she managed to get in a cab and hightail it home , but the next day , psycho mcgee shows up at her store with flowers .
he had flowers delivered to my apartment every day for a week .
the parents who 'd attended the recital had been thrilled with their children 's progress , and several of them had brought miranda and the other teachers flowers after the show .
her auburn hair was arranged in long , flowing waves , slightly pulled back with tiny white flowers threaded through it .
chris 's boss may have arranged for the venue , but the mckinleys had taken care of everything else - food , flowers , string quartet .
she 'd removed all the little white flowers from her hair and now those reddish - brown waves cascaded over one shoulder , glinting like burnished copper in the light spilling down from the ceiling fixture .
intrigued , he watched as she scooted forward a few inches and yet again lowered her ear to the flowers .
a grin blossoms on my face , but my lips are n't sure what to do with it .
` ` she left you those , '' libby says , pointing to a bouquet of yellow flowers , ` ` and the others will all be back to see you tomorrow . ''
it had vines twining through it and blue flowers dangling down from the roof .
the cemetery was suitably bleak , and there were no flowers to cheer the grey stone that bore his mother 's name .
the mountains bloomed with lush grass and beautiful wild flowers , and the sun kissed their shoulders as they unwound from the stress of their full - on london life .
barefoot and beautiful in jeans and a soft , fitted white shirt with tiny , faded blue flowers on it , he was a good fit with his laid back , hippy - cool boat .
as they stepped onto the sand , she straightened sophie 's train and made last minute adjustments to her artfully romantic up - do , checking that the tiny fresh flowers she 'd pinned in the back of it still looked perfect .
the bedspread was even worse : a threadbare chenille affair with pink and blue flowers that could have belonged to someone 's great - grandmother .
most women expected jeffery to be the gay man they saw on tv , arranging flowers and picking through fabric samples , and when they found jeffery was more like the men they 'd married and divorced , they drifted away from him .
though treston knew little about flowers , he figured it was a sunflower .
he thanked him for the flowers and brought them into the small kitchenette .
though it was a small gesture , and toby was n't sure who was responsible for the flowers , it brightened an otherwise dismal situation and made it more tolerable .
he reached for the small vase and started to rearrange the flowers .
the color reminded me of exotic , tropical flowers , and i admired the finished product .
the owner of the salon that granny and i usually go to could teach you some wicked tips on how to decorate with gingham and plastic flowers .
i walked to the edge of the woods that surrounded the mud hole and grabbed a basket that was filled with everything one might need to make a mud pie : pie tins , pebbles , assorted flowers , and sticks .
chapter 12 dara pink and white mints shaped like hearts , doves , and flowers graced the food table .
flower boxes , filled with red geraniums and multicolored flowers , flanked the edges of the exposed concrete patio , and several japanese maple trees dressed up the grassy areas .
` ` wait until the flowers and tables are set up .
the sky darkened , flowers were all replaced by thorns .
if her mother saw the flowers , she would want to know the whole story behind them and she would nt know what to say .
her memory was did nt take long to recall similar episodes related to that flower .
she picked a strange white flower and stared down at it as the wind whistled in her ears .
that 's why i simply sent you the flowers , invitations , and gifts on different birthdays .
a combination of musk and flowers .
the walk was marble and lined with fragrant white blossoms falling in clusters along it .
and have a bouquet of veldt blossoms presented to miss terra branford and miss celes chere respectively at the end of the performance .
locke is grumbling about being put in charge of gathering the blossoms from the kohlingen boutique for the ladies .
terra had dressed in a floor - length gown of deep red velvet with small and white embroidered blossoms randomly stitched throughout .
the same white blossoms were randomly threaded into the curls and braids of her pale green hair .
the scent of flowers and the sea .
three low centerpieces were flanked by a myriad of fresh - baked rolls , each woven into intricate braids or bearing the shape of some sort of flower .
she pointed to the flowers .
i thought flowers , candy , and jewelry were .
lilac flowers and white ostrich feathers adorned the large purple hat she was wearing .
she had changed her silver gown into a velvet buttery - cream sleeveless dress with pearls and gold - embroidered flowers at the square neckline .
the swirling embroidery of gold and silver flowers running the whole length of the gowns front , right from the turtleneck collar to the frothy skirt , exactly matched the pattern on the dark - haired mans jacket sleeves .
the servants were busy going back and forth , carrying flowers , and letters , something or other related to the wedding that was going to take place in the afternoon .
the trees were swaying to the caress of the wind , and the flowers began unfurling their petals to catch the sunlight and attract the colorful butterflies .
do nt want to miss the morning blossoms waking up to the day .
those morning blossoms will be waking up pretty soon .
there were flowers and get well soon balloons .
eirik stood outside my house with flowers , welcome home balloons , and a broad smile .
different scents of flowers are all that breathe .
we are in a garden full of different flowers .
the breath taking lily.casablauca w/ its dramatic white blossoms and irresistible scent.gardenia w/ its strong sweet scent.pink peory that has a compound deeply lobed leaves , and large , often fragrant flowers.rapping from red to white or yellow , in lats spring and early summer.the evergreen hydrangea lily of the valley w/ its white tepas .
the dark violet eustoma or lisianthus flower that grows natively in warm regions of the southern united states mexico .
the strongly perfumed w/ axy and tabular white flowers of stephanotis red and pink tulips .
the flower that has a heart shaped dark green leaves on long trailing vines of pure white flowers that exude a georgeousfrangrance and the most beautiful and rare flower in the world the kadupul flower .
the flower that has a heart shaped dark green leaves on long trailing vines of pure white flowers that exude a georgeousfrangrance and the most beautiful and rare flower in the world the kadupul flower .
it has a beautiful white petals a bone and a sword likes acute petals located below the main flower .
this flower also has a rich history in japan .
it was one of my favorite dresses , rather short , white with pink and blue flowers that made my blue eyes look bluer , if that were possible .
he had a huge basket of flowers , some balloons , and a box of chocolates .
he was holding a massive arrangement of flowers .
` ` sounds great , i told him and gave him one last long kiss before walking into my room where krista was pacing around and when she noticed me she bites her lip and points to a large envelope and a huge bouquet of flowers on my desk .
i shake my head and pick up the flowers .
it 's all decorated with many bouquets of flowers .
yards of grass covered front yards , decorated with plants , flowers , and trees .
the sun had set and lady , gladis and i were sitting around playing backgammon when the first of a long string of flowers arrived .
instead of the fragrance of apple and orange blossoms , the scent of highway air pollution drifted into the car .
soon they were filled with fresh water and flowers .
little paul brings you flowers .
in the sanctuary , they explained that a white archway would be placed in front of the altar and would be decorated with flowers to make a frame for the wedding party .
wild flower arrangements would also be placed on each table and around the room .
they expressed their appreciation to all the ladies of the church who had prepared the food , furnished and arranged the flowers and decorations , and to mrs . ellison who had made the four tier wedding cake .
beautiful buttercream flowers seemed to float along the surface of the cake .
her side of the plaster was covered in trees , flowers and something that barbara thought must be a rabbit by the size of its ears .
the tables , each large enough to seat ten people , were decorated with white linen tablecloths , fresh flowers and candles .
they were sitting in the garden when margery arrived , under the shade of a thick wisteria that twisted its way along and over the stone pergola like a blue cloud , heavy heads of blossom hung down , inverted bells , infusing the air with their fragrance .
then at last they turned off the motorway and headed up into the mountains , the land was greener , covered in rock roses and broom , wild oleanders filled the valley floor , a ribbon of red and white flowers that snaked along beside the narrow riverbed .
but he s got green fingers , only has to look at a plant and it blushes and bursts into flower .
the flowers , they re just the colour of my daughters hair , well when she was a little girl that is .
i looked around at the garden of vines and dried flowers that twinkled like a fairyland .
everything glowed golden and otherworldly , and the scent of blossoms drifted on the same currents that swirled the fluff .
the scent of blooming flowers lingered in the breeze , and everything felt a alive .
cried sharon , staring down at the gaily colored blossoms with the anguish of a housewife met with an unexpected domestic emergency .
she frowned , folded her arms , and stamped her foot , crushing several blossoms in the process .
there she lay , among the flowers shining in multi - colored splendor , the dagger hilt sticking out from her chest with no more than a single trickle of blood staining her white dress .
cisco was shown to the parlor where he sat on a mustard - colored couch with gold flowers .
after the service had concluded , i made my way down the aisle , spying ruby wallace at the end , sitting with a wide straw hat on , which brimmed with flowers and feathers .
you have to focus so much on what theme you want and the colors and flowers and dress and every other little thing .
they re not blossoms at all .
# gramma del , you should see the flowers !
when they swept up the last of the orange blossoms and rice , gracie would go back to new york where she belonged and once the gazette was sold , he and sophie would return to london and it would be like none of this had ever happened .
it falls four or five inches above the knee and is covered with small , white and tan flowers ; and has a cute , brown , skinny - braided belt .
the nuns at school would have been horrified to see the girl they had all regarded as their most promising student blossom into a young woman who drank hard liquor , smoked cigarettes , and spewed hateful sentiments about a dead man .
the trees and flowers were in full bloom , giving everything a fresh feel and smell .
each contained a flower of some sort .
cade kelling sent me flowers and signed it with love .
the vase is going to be the home for some fake flowers soon .
sadie opens her door and looks like she s gone to heaven when she sees all the flowers .
just because a guy gets me a well , really impressive amount of flowers , that does nt necessarily mean he s a great guy .
he sends me flowers on the second day , a dozen roses left at my doorstep .
he s sent me flowers and candy .
it began about five years ago when amber started receiving cards and flowers .
it was nicely clipped and there were fresh flowers in one of the vases .
please , lets just go nicolas strolled down the path lined with the cherry and apple blossoms of spring , breathing in the fresh air and feeling rather foolish at his heart that seemed as light and breezy as the air blowing in from the thames and threatening to take flight .
wild blossoms imported from the height of summer in cape town added the finishing touch .
sophia , spray the flowers with cool water every hour to keep them fresh .
grass , fruit trees and flowers .
walking into the nursery , they have set up a beautiful lattice surrounded by newly formed blossoms .
the patients return to the trails , flowers are blooming and the trees are full of life .
at his feet grew a tiny , white flower and to pass the time he picked some and began to weave them together .
the small chest of drawers was white and had pink flowers with blue ribbon painted on each drawer front , tiny glass knobs twinkled .
slightly larger than a ring box , it was wrapped as only my mother would wrap a present ; in handmade paper with a pink handmade paper flower on top .
a thousand years ago i made a crown of flowers for ife , he said , from these very flowers .
the tiny white flowers were pretty .
on my head was a crown of flowers .
to top it all off , the lid had a red tissue paper peony looking flower with glittered edges .
the grass was tall and filled with wild flowers .
the design was of tiny flowers , no doubt the same that my angel had made a thousand years before .
the bottom of the slip was embroidered with small white flowers that started sparsely at the halfway point and then got thicker as they reached to bottom .
i differ only in the emerald green robe that was draped across my shoulders and the crown of wild flowers on my head .
it was the small white flower that lucius had given to ife .
i turned around and almost did nt recognize myself ; funny how clothes and a simple crown of flowers can do that .
the flowers bloomed around them ; the grass began to grow beneath their feet , even the great tree stood taller ; all things making itself its most beautiful in witness of such a great love .
small kids ran out to the road to give me flowers or to touch me .
chapter 11 : a crown of spring blossoms the crown had taken the shape of spring blossoms .
chapter 11 : a crown of spring blossoms the crown had taken the shape of spring blossoms .
her cheeks were still round and pink with baby fat that she had nt grown out of yet and her dress was bright orange with yellow flowers dotted down the length of it .
i chuckled , accepting the flower .
` ` we called her felicity belinda , '' miranda told me shyly , as the man handed me a bunch of pink flowers .
the crushed pink flowers sent up a heady cloud of scent .
it really was a special place , the brightly colored shingled cottages playing up against the blue sky and sea , while riots of flowers poured out of window boxes .
she smiled at emma who showed her the flowers .
the cabinet where eli had gotten the stuff to make them puke held dozens of glass jars containing all sorts of dried weeds , seeds and flowers .
the rolling hills were very green and she noticed they were full of wild flowers of almost every color .
each pillar was topped with a clay pot filled with bright red flowers .
smiling , he handed her the flowers .
even in winter , the arboretum had an assortment of seasonal flowers and ornamental shrubs .
the room was full of fresh flowers .
he gave steven a grin and then handed him a large bouquet of flowers before walking away .
during the day in spring and summer , the burning orange light of the sun , purple wild flowers , and chocolate columns of basalt colored the contours of the hills .
a warm breeze tossed around the scent of wild flowers .
a ring of tiny white and yellow flowers encircled her .
chapter 12 lynna was in the parlor a few hours later arranging flowers in a vase when beth came traipsing down the stairs .
lynna , those flowers are lovely .
the view through the trees was breathtaking as both sides of the road contained small ponds bordered by towering cypress and gaily colored flowers .
would she ever be magnolia blossom white again ?
in the forest she found flowers of every size and color .
the cool green of the forest was broken often by the vivid array of flowers , blossoming trees , and vines .
the magnificent orchids of all colors were her favorites and the blossoming trees were as lovely as the flowers , some boasting hues of brilliant violet , while others sported vibrant scarlet patches .
taking her hand , lynna did nt resist when he led her to a grassy knoll where colorful wild flowers waved in the gentle breeze .
holding a large bouquet of flowers , she strolled toward abby .
they d all indulged in a couple bottles of wine by the time they were finished and joked that the flower arrangements might look a little crooked in the morning .
the white linen clad tables held pink and yellow flowers draped with pearls in honor of the women 's conference .
stalker : a.a stem or main axis of a herbaceous plant b.a stem or similar structure that supports a plant par such as a flower source : free online dictionary then right underneath i found psycho stalker and the legal definition : criminal activity consisting of the repeated following and harassing of another person .
it is light green cotton and has tiny flowers .
he clipped a chestnut tree and sent a shower of pink blossoms raining down on himself .
fireworks were still going off ; lighting up the night sky with long bursts of red , yellow and blue that unfolded like flower petals in the darkness .
he paused to pick flowers from a window box and scattered them over the people on the street below , who dashed beneath him to catch every one .
huge torches on each pillar ignited the night , their flaring light reflecting on the red flowers at the peak of the arch and the scrolling that encircled its edges , as well as the waxen figure inside the coffin .
he sends flowers .
danica listened to the men talk about the old ball and chain and the women talk about dresses , flowers , and the impending honeymoon .
she reached for kaylies hand as camille and jeffrey walked down the aisle , hand - in - hand , ducking under the flower petals the groomsmen threw above them .
the floor bedecked with the red carpet , the aromas of blithe and different flowers of various colours are wide - spread over the whole place .
the flowers , which our friends and relations bestowed , reached us like a shower of wishes straight from the heaven .
as he drew nearer , blossoms grew from the path of his feet .
but , none of its flowers ever grew as beautiful , tall , and strong - and none could weather a storm - like that rose that grew out beyond the garden .
hydrangea bushes bent over split - rail fences with enormous blue flower heads against shiny foliage , yet another shade of green .
paul went on , the flowers look realtheyre wild and all , just like you , wild ?
it was beautifulwhite picket fence , lots of flowers , two cute dogs .
the trees had burst forth with vibrant green leaves while underneath , a multitude of flower blossoms danced and swayed .
the trees had burst forth with vibrant green leaves while underneath , a multitude of flower blossoms danced and swayed .
she blushed with the flowers and compliments .
the clouds parted and spring flowers bloomed .
it was stately and elegant with neatly rounded bushes , walkways clear and pristine , and flowers of all shapes and varieties blooming on the vast expanse of lawn around the grounds .
the card with the flowers simply reads dominic .
every week sawyer grits his teeth and does his best to ignore the flowers but i know they really bother him .
the chapel is lavishly decorated , flowers are bursting everywhere and everyone is dressed like they re attending the grammys .
my breath caught in my throat as i took in the beauty of the crimson - colored flowers .
while she nodded absently , smiling whenever aaron gould smiled , she was adding up the cost of outfitting her shop : veiling , twenty cents a yard ; braiding , ten cents ; silk trimming and gimp , ten cents ; flowers and sprays and wreaths of silk and velvet , from four cents to eighty cents ; ostrich plumes and tips , never more than a dollar and a quarter .
suddenly it was all coming together for her : the rainbow swirls of long gowns , the flowers , the music , the lighting , the laughter .
and then the blossoms turn into those smooth , white berries .
the clusters of flowers become clusters of berries that stick around well into winter must be where they got their name .
nate handed over a bunch of fake flowers he d found in the box and tied with some curling ribbon left over from the christmas wrapping .
all flowers followed to bloom .
thus , aware or otherwise i seek turmoil and tribulations as vigorously as bees seek nectar from flower .
in its place sat a gorgeous arrangement of fall flowers .
blossoms still clung to the blackberry vines , marking the tangles of thorny brambles .
the suburban neighborhood was becoming green with new leaves , accented by pink and lavender bursts of spring blossoms .
renata pranced toward her with a gorgeous bouquet of flowers in her hand .
micah sent her flowers .
wild flowers , the shades of bright yellow and orange , filled the two small beds which flanked the walkway .
pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path , giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla .
pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path , giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla .
flowering trees in full bloom lined the pathways through the castle yards , sporting gauzy flowers of white and pale pink and blue branches bowing beneath the weight of the blooms .
i sniffed each one , deciding on a light floral scent with notes of rose and peach blossom .
you have the right of it , blossom .
i emerged from the castle into an opulent garden with clumps of trees , beautiful flowers , and twisting paths that disappeared into thick greenery that went on and on .
the flowers and candaces presence gave joni the courage to speak out .
back in her room , she rearranged the flowers and considered covering her webcam .
mrs . maher accepted the flowers .
stars twinkled through the dogwood blossoms overhead .
i expect her to ask a million questionsoutright and veiledbut instead , she congratulates me , leads me down yet another long yellow hallway , through a lush tropical atrium filled with brick pathways amongst dazzling flowers , tall canopy leaves , exotic trees that house tiny white monkeys , and a small purified and drinkable waterfall , all of which sit beneath a thick clear glass in the ceiling that would either display a gray day or a dark , moon - filled night .
like orbi flowers .
her scent wafted up to him , a scent laced with the hint of tuberoses and lemon blossoms and ... woman .
we come to a courtyard at the end of the river , ensconced by beautiful foliage and flowers .
the flowers will pale into insignificance beside you .
in every hand there was a flower , and many passengers were throwing their blossoms overboard to the docks below , hoping those they left behind would catch them .
and there will be flowers and sunshine and a whole new world to explore .
you will live in a city of classical beauty where the flowers are so bright and fragrant that you will think you are in paradise .
pia was glowing ; a simple wreath of brightly coloured flowers on her brow and a silver threaded shawl around her shoulders over the floor - length gown both jane and livy had worn before her .
her brown eyes danced and the shift in his heart had his hand curling tighter around the vase of flowers .
` ` blossoms for my beautiful bride . ''
jessica felt a flush heat her face as she took the flowers from his hand in both of hers .
she dipped her head as if to examine the flowers , and took a sniff .
through a gap in the canopy , sunlight streamed in , pooling on the ground and giving life to herbs and red- spiked flowers .
angelina had a red flower behind one ear and they were wearing the necklaces their father had given them .
palm trees swayed slowly in the breeze and the frangipani tree dropped pink and yellow blossoms in the deep end of the pool .
they walked to a spot surrounded by bamboo , shiny - leafed bushes , and plants with red blossoms .
jillian exclaimed and reached toward the flowers .
he reached out with a small box wrapped in silver paper with a dark purple organza ribbon that matched the flowers .
with the flowers , maam .
again , votives twinkled everywhere , and there were splashes of magenta and white in the extravagant flower arrangements .
of course , it was alex calling the phone he d sent with the flowers .
the flower withered and died .
and then ill just watch their love blossom from the sidelines and eventually get over my love for dan .
in the photo , i wore a dark blue cotton dress with tiny white flowers or ... stars on it .
we drove through town where street lamps hung over like snow drop flowers before they bloomed look , you took biology last semester ; do you remember learning about nucleic acid bases ?
there was free lunch , flowers , the local media , and a bound copy of my original entry ( all of which i mailed to richard later ) .
on the way back , with loopey driving and the music on the radio and us rising and falling on them mountain roads like on a roller coaster in and out of blankets of fog , sometimes so thick that the mist spotted the windshield with tear drops , and sometimes us rising like out of white billows of steam to see a sky as blue as christiana 's little eyes and a party of pink and white blossoms on the trees by the side of the highway , so happy and pretty like a little uns birthday party -- so cheerful , so full of life -- that s when , dipping in and out of them clouds like we was flying , and me feeling like i was finally laying myself down on gods own white pillows , i let out everything i d been holding in and cried .
phillip was a fan of sending flowers , always red roses and always at least two dozen .
they had spread an old quilt in the shade of the big flowering tree , and emily remembered each time they took a bite of the silky sweet pie , they could almost taste the flavor of the vanilla - scented white flowers dangling like paper lanterns overhead .
in front of the house , there were flowers of every color .
his eyes are shining with mirth when he tells me this , like he s enjoying the fury that blossoms on my face .
you already know what color flowers ?
the next day , she could nt help but hurry home from the clinic to see if more flowers had arrived .
it was decorated with brightly colored flowers and a large virgin islands stitched across the top , and was the twin of the bag paul discouraged clen from buying on their honeymoon by labeling it tourist - tacky .
one appeared to be channeling gauguina free - form pattern with swirls of purple and green interwoven with magenta hexagons that looked like flowers .
the flowers , which were varying shades of gray in the photograph , were in vivid detail before meroyal - blue and butter - yellow flowers , silver cattails , and so many different shades of green leaves and stems .
the flowers , which were varying shades of gray in the photograph , were in vivid detail before meroyal - blue and butter - yellow flowers , silver cattails , and so many different shades of green leaves and stems .
the backs should have florets of flowers and scrolls .
they were beautifully patterned with orange and navy - blue flowers on a bed of beige with gold details .
the trees inside the white picket fencing were covered in pink blossoms .
a light breeze blowing across the yard was causing the blossoms to fall like pink - tinged snow upon the grass .
i was in a long - sleeved cotton nightgown with blue blossoms and i was bedridden .
as he watched a mob of kangaroos , grazing on the rich green grass , a tiny joey hopped out of its mothers pouch and bounced around the flower beds .
how surprised she was to see that the stamps were miniature works of art , exquisite renditions of flowers , birds , or landscapes and architecture , all in brilliant colors .
blocks and blocks of flowers .
most of these file - like drawers had a little ledge where flowers , a votive candle , and usually a picture of the person inside were displayed .
i frowned and denise nodded towards an enormous vase of flowers standing on a cabinet .
there must have been thirty pounds worth of flowers in the vase which was large enough to have been called a bowl .
so the debt was paid and love , which had endured , filled a glade with flowers and light .
chocolates , flowers and a card from a semi anonymous person that included his initials and asking for her to meet him at a restaurant .
the people were elated : they cheered , threw flowers , and stood in line to hang garlands round her neck .
her sad little plot had turned into a beautiful and exotic garden bursting with flowers of every kind and color .
since ravens arrival a month ago , many native flowers and plants had mysteriously sprung up .
i have no idea what these words mean , but if the flowers look anything close to the way they smell , they must be unbelievably enchanting .
i remember my sister laughing and dumping dozens of fresh , velvety blossoms into my arms .
they are exuberant to the touch , and they sing loudly to boast of their beauty ; you ca nt not see the flowers in your mind when you smell them .
i would nt want anything to taint my enjoyment of the lush blossoms .
i blame my childhood home , and the stupid flowers and cupcakes for reverting me to my former optimistic and dreamy state .
her grandmother filled a plate with peanut butter blossom cookies , her grandfathers favorite .
facing the back of the house , she saw the white gazebo surrounded by colorful flowers .
the fragrance of fresh flowers and hazelnut greeted her , and she stopped short .
the new banquet room at mastersons restaurant was elaborately decorated with flowers .
several vases of flowers sat around the room .
thy beaten til thy know not what thy said , tituba confessed , while bringing forth her small satchel of possessions , here , take purple cone flower with water .
sarah could nt help but to laugh while viewing herself in the provided mirror at the oversized style , similar to the english ladies , decorated with bows , flowers and pins .
at first , his mouth brushed hers lightly , soft as a butterfly landing on a flower .
around her left wrist hung three pastel - colored , beaded bracelets and her hair was tied back in a high , careless ponytail , held together by a huge hairband with flower decoration .
the wall at the far end was taken up by floor - length windows leading onto a balcony with a white balustrade hung with creeping plants and flowers of all sorts .
completely oblivious to his presence , she took her time with each work of art , every flower and leaf and tree pulling her in with its unashamed display of color and its depth of detail .
after some time , michael took to pointing out trees , shrubs and flowers with his free hand , telling her their names and an interesting tit - bit of information about each .
what time of the year this tree bore flowers and for how long .
right next to that was what looked like a fairy dancing through fields of flowers .
in the middle of the ring road bloomed neatly trimmed rose bushes laden with saucer - sized white flowers .
a double oak staircase wounds its way up from the high - ceilinged lobby with its myriad mirrors , small tables with flower vases and cleverly concealed closets .
a large bouquet of flowers stood on the foyer table .
every type of flower was at bloom , every type of beautiful treemagnolia , wisteria , oak .
the ring , he mouthed , digging through the flowers .
what a strange time in the year for flowers to grow .
a large table decorated in fancy flowers and bows awaited us , and i realized shelby had rented the place out .
purple flowers spanned atop the trellis , and nearly everyone on the green lawn was gorgeous .
the ballroom was covered in beautiful purple flowers .
with many florists help , they had transformed the room into a japanese garden , with a makeshift koi pond , weeping willows , cherry blossoms , and green , vibrant flowers .
with many florists help , they had transformed the room into a japanese garden , with a makeshift koi pond , weeping willows , cherry blossoms , and green , vibrant flowers .
the flowers were rich in color and fragrance , and there were colored lights along the brick path that wound through them .
-- -- -- -- -- -- chase stood in the market and looked down at the flowers .
now he looked down at the flowers .
grant looked down at the flowers and smiled .
the horse was trying to eat the flowers he 'd just given to lauren .
he handed her the flowers and she laughed .
she glared at the flowers .
beautiful , lush lawns gave way to acres of flowers of every color of the rainbow .
there was a plush , dark - blue rug under his feet , and a dark - blue comforter with pink - and - white flowers on roys bed .
small baskets of gardenias hung from plants stands surrounding the outdoor patio , and liam had told her that the fragrant odor permeating the air was the orange blossoms in bloom from the many trees around them .
the air was heavy with a wonderful smell of orange blossoms .
yes , there were some things she enjoyed , such as a bubble bath , coffee , and the smell of orange blossoms , but being wrapped in this cocoon was something she was used to , something familiar , and she appreciated it .
they soon were riding in huge patches of yellow and white flowers .
the flowers were soft on her back as was the ground by the stream .
satisfied with his tableware arrangement complete with fresh flowers and candles , he double - checked that his shrimp linguine dish , perfected with fresh portobello mushrooms and freshly made linguine he had prepared after his grocery excursion , was simmering not burning .
artificial cream colored flowers and several pieces of wax fruit filled the planter .
on the mantle of the massive , antique eggshell marble fireplace , an array of cream colored vases adorned with delicate brown flowers sat .
a warm breeze gusted , stirring the plants and blossoms around him .
miniature horses and rocket ships wobbled precariously from large springs that emerged from the grass like bouncy blossoms .
daffodils , tulips and magnolia lined driveways , cherry blossoms and early azalea blooms made debuts in front yards .
sitting on the vinyl floor patterned with mustard and brown - colored flowers and trailed with alarming , darkened shapes , the faceless man resolved to try again .
her mother had made a beautiful cake and had decorated it with pink and blue flowers , green leaves , and happy birthday katryn in big letters .
and thanks for the flower , and their games - and , in fact , dinner .
the author can be reached at : www.alexiapraks.com published worldwide by prachan press table of contents prologue : the throwaway child chapter 1 : sakura , the lonely flower chapter 2 : sebastian princeton , prince of hearts chapter 3 : darcy princeton , prince of darkness chapter 4 : coffee and cherry blossoms chapter 5 : hide and seek chapter 6 : princeton brothers and the wood nymph chapter 7 : elusive dream chapter 8 : awakening of the past chapter 9 : birthday party and champagne chapter 10 : confrontation chapter 11 : remembrance of the past chapter 12 : mono no aware chapter 13 : cake flavor ?
her mother mysteriously disappeared after leaving the baby girl in a basket along with a note that said my daughters name is sakura and a beautiful necklace with a pink diamond pendant in the shape of a cherry blossom .
countless cherry blossom petals were flying all around her like rain .
it was so beautiful , wildflowers and cherry blossoms in the woods giving out myriads of colors .
she took a step back in order to take in the whole picturecherry blossoms , leaves , trees , and wildflowers in the background .
deep down , sakura knew her mother loved her because otherwise the woman would nt have given her a namea very beautiful japanese namethat meant cherry blossom and left her a cherry blossom pendant necklace .
deep down , sakura knew her mother loved her because otherwise the woman would nt have given her a namea very beautiful japanese namethat meant cherry blossom and left her a cherry blossom pendant necklace .
sakura gazed out the window , watching the beautiful clouds of pink flowers in the air .
cherry blossoms are beautiful , sebastian remarked .
* * * * * chapter 4 : coffee & cherry blossoms sebastian was forced to eat his own words when they stared wide - eyed in disbelief at the sight before them .
the princeton estate was in full bloom with cherry blossoms .
clouds of pink flowers stretched endlessly beyond them , and the road leading to the house was carpeted with pink petals .
we do nt have to go to japan to see cherry blossoms in full season , conrad said , smiling .
above him , he could see millions of cherry blossom petals raining down on him from a massive tree of pink cloud .
why do cherry blossoms fall ?
they are the tears of spring , darce , the tears of spring , she replied as she gazed up at the swirling flowers surrounding them .
after all , there was that massive cherry tree in full bloom of pink flowers in the background of the poster .
its a japanese name meaning cherry blossom .
then it all came back to himthe light scent of cherry blossom , the warmth of her breath , and the delicious sensations within his being when she was near .
the cherry blossoms by the pond will be in full bloom .
sakura kept telling me how beautiful cherry blossoms are in spring , mary replied enthusiastically .
he noted it was quite breezy outside , with petals of cherry blossoms floating around her , and sebastian felt his blood warm .
up close and at this time of the night , under the bright moonlight and with the pink glow of cherry blossoms around them , sebastian realized that she looked even more alluring than ever with her black hair , flawless skin , luscious lips , and brown eyes .
its beautiful here , he said , noting the bright cherry blossoms that hung so low they almost touched the glassy water of the pond , the bright moon in the distance , and of course sakura herself standing there before him .
she reached over to pick a branch containing a few flowers and then gave it to him .
you said it means cherry blossom .
yes , it means cherry blossom in japanese .
silencelong , dead silence as they both stood there , motionless , as the breeze and cherry blossoms danced around them .
i m no good with flowers , sebastian said , feeling rather awkward all of a sudden .
it was beautiful , in the shape of the cherry blossom flower .
there was a featured wall where the head of the queen - size bed restedlovely pink cherry blossoms and golden leaves .
he especially loved the flower arrangement sitting to the side , magnolia and cherry blossoms .
sakura means cherry blossom .
then she saw tiny petals of cherry blossoms everywhere , floating and raining down on her .
what sakura meant was that she was imagining herself as a cherry blossom floating in midair in spring .
she imagined herself as the cherry blossom again , floating and floating and floating .
sakura could nt breathe , her heart seemed to have stopped working altogether , and her whole body was floating just like those cherry blossoms in the windflying and flying , higher and higher .
she took photos of a grasshopper hanging on to the tall grasses , of bees sucking nectar from flowers , of birds chirping in the trees , and of wildflowers that were surrounding her .
it had now grown to a massive height , and the flowers bloomed beautifully .
he d been sitting on the third branch , hiding amongst the cloud of pink flowers , thinking about sakura .
he hoped she would nt capture him amongst the cherry blossoms in her photos .
ham , she said , doing a little dot of pink to make the cherry flower on the canvas .
she stayed there , for how long she did nt know , staring up at the beautiful pink cloud of cherry blossoms as tears rolled down her cheeks .
her face now dry of tears , she spread her arms as she stared up at the petals of cherry blossoms raining down on her , landing on her face and body .
now and again , there were soft , gentle breezes which caused the cherry blossom flowers to detach from the branches and rain down on them .
now and again , there were soft , gentle breezes which caused the cherry blossom flowers to detach from the branches and rain down on them .
you must never take her for granted and always stand by her , for good or ill . peter cleared his throat and said loudly , today in the presence of god , family , and friends , i pledge to join my life with yours sakura turned her attention to the cherry tree above them and thought that after tomorrow all the flowers would almost be gone again for another year .
you are like the sakura flower .
it had a pretty hand - painted picture of cherry blossoms .
the large bed looked like a field of flowers with the beautiful spread in place , matching the other items of dcor in the room .
the tent was filled with flowers , chairs , more flowers , a raised platform for the ceremony , more flowers , and so on .
the tent was filled with flowers , chairs , more flowers , a raised platform for the ceremony , more flowers , and so on .
the tent was filled with flowers , chairs , more flowers , a raised platform for the ceremony , more flowers , and so on .
the suite , beautiful in its own right , was made more so by the flowers and other amenities .
as requested , ryan returned to his seat while the two men laid the table with fine china and the heavy silver , poured a light bodied wine , placed new flowers , fluffed the cloth napkins , and served the meal .
there in the cemetery , at the head of marys grave , stood the american beauty rose , in full leaf , with six perfect flowers , the first time it had ever bloomed .
six petals form the flower for the ceremony .
the blades of grass , and wild flowers , swayed beneath the flowing breeze that trickled over them .
the ballroom was a vision of candle light and flowers .
the lawn was green and full of circular flower beds of various colors , and the giant weeping willows provided shade over the many stone paths that ran around the house .
white and lavender flowers sat in a vase on a table next to the door .
it was beautiful , moonlight casting a silver glow to the flowers .
he hovered his fingers over a few scarlet blossoms and katie nodded , wary .
katie changed clothes four times before finally settling on a feminine , flowing tank - style dress in white with a light pattern of pink and blue flowers .
a small bouquet of fresh flowers from caroles garden decorated each top .
and the right man can make a woman blossom into a magnificent butterfly , eugenia finished , her voice whisper soft .
here too you could see the occasional splash of stones , trees , colorful flowers , a lake as a backdrop , and signs of modern day amenities , like a jungle gym , a pool , and the sturdy dock .
yes , like the flower .
abby shook her head , well they start out as flowers before you poke them into hams , chicken , or make oils out of them , she laughed .
abby showed up at toms firm , carrying a bouquet of flowers , and two large mylar balloons that said over the hill on them .
she looked up curiously and smiled when she saw abby show up with flowers and balloons in tow .
yes , the fringed one with the flowers . ''
the boys were sprawled fully dressed but fast asleep across their double bed , and through the thin filmy white curtains was a breath - taking view of an emerald sea sparkling beyond a pale gold beach surrounded by flowers , lawns and palm trees .
she looked at the thick curtains , the sofas and armchairs , the side tables , the sheepskin rugs , the flowers and jugs and general cosy clutter of her favourite room , and wondered what it might be like to share it .
and instead of window boxes bursting with flowers and colourful sun - blinds , the entire facade was hung with louvered grey shutters , most of which were closed .
the carpet was orange colored and big flower heads ornated its verge .
the living - room was huge , a white carpet was in the middle of it and light blue floor was round it , the walls was the same coloured but even more lighter , and there was a green flower in every corner .
removing her levis and western blouse with front snaps , she opted for a short sleeve shirt dress with tiny yellow flowers in a swirling pattern .
tooty grimaced as she smoothed her hand down her cotton shirt dress with its dainty yellow flowers and matching plastic belt .
now it was time for a leisurely breakfast and mug of green tea with a generous spoonful of local orange blossom honey .
in the middle of each table was a candle in a lie tiled with painted designs of flowers that recalled the name of the apartment .
the slim , cool breeze fragrant mediterranean and yellow wild flowers plus color charges for grazing rays of sunset , lit their curiosity and drove them to climb the steep steps of the race .
when i park at the museum i 'll park right by some beautiful blossoms of flowering shrubs that show off the elegant landscaping that surrounds the museum and parking lots ( unless you 're allergic .
she followed him and retrieved a crystal vase from the cabinet for the flowers .
upon the ground , lie hundreds of candles , all sizes lighting up the terrace and guiding me toward taylor , who kneels in the middle of flowers , all red roses set out in the shape of a horse shoe around him .
and is everything that survives nature , every beautiful flower , ant , tree , and horse , the final product , the result , the tried and tested result ?
it reminded me of spring flowers after a long rain .
pink flowers and the cake would be pink on the inside .
these are for you , he says , extending the flower out to me .
people brought flowers .
` ` you must not worry about getting robbed too much , '' rebecca cooed , skepticism in full flower .
he was wearing a loud red hawaiian shirt with white flowers , a pair of tan board shorts , and a pair of neon green flip flops .
vincent handed carrie the flowers .
sprinkles of yellow and pink blossoms decorated the pointy green plants giving the area a party atmosphere .
scott handed her the flowers .
i called for two weeks straight , sent flowers and notes .
my georgia - born momma gloria would , no doubt , plan the entire day with lots and lots of gorgeous flowers and wines .
the grass dries up and its flower falls off , but the lords word endures forever .
i like how everything is blooming , the flowers , and there s all this new life .
her lips were pink and faintly resembled petals of fresh , ripe flowers .
a sweeping staircase , grand piano , bouquet of huge , and blossoming flowers were only a few staples of the yellow room .
pale pink fabric with lilac blossoms lined the two overstuffed chairs in the room , and the wallpaper matched .
while bay looked around in awe at the abundant lush flowers and fruit trees arranged around the place , tuck easily turned the truck around and backed it up to the garage .
i was wearing a deep violet purple cheongsam with gold thread work and bright , embroidered flowers .
in the middle of all the flowers was a beautiful 8x10 framed photo of trevor and caroline from kristy 's red carpet birthday party .
kristy stared at the peculiar flowers , seemingly waiting for an answer to the riddle to instantly pop up .
he remembered having fought the holy maiden in a large open field of yellow flowers , but thiswas no field .
dantalion found jeanne in a field of wild flowers .
there were hundreds of the white and yellow flowers swaying in the breeze .
i took one last moment while gavins attention was on the flowers to check my appearance .
a strapless , a - line dress in a dreamy shade of cream that made my fair complexion look like fine porcelain , decorated at the hem and neckline by black embroidered flowers , and pulled together by a narrow black belt .
she smiled at the small bouquet of flowers at the top of her comb , again covered in gold leaf .
beautiful blossoms for a beautiful little lady , i said to you .
it was the flowers , not the bearer that had caught her attention : a cluster of colorful blossoms , casually arranged , and they reminded her of the time she and richard had gathered a similar bouquet .
i must tell you that the glory of those flowers is nothing compared to the color that was only part of the thrill of my first london ball .
he brings me nosegays because he has found out that they are my favorite sort of flowers .
summer bloomed all around them and even though the flowers were shrouded in the darkness , their fragrance bathed them in an evocative scent .
jonathan sent flowers again and said that he will meet you at there .
i see myself in the maroon dress but then the style shifts as i am dancing in a dimly lit room , the music is soft and the smell of blooming blossoms fill the air .
as beautiful as it is the dark red leaves , with the orange flowers makes me feel as if i am surrounded by a heatless fire , especially as twilight settles upon us driving out the setting suns final rays coloring the distant sky .
images of flowers and faces surrounding us that i do not recognize , but seem to have a common factor , reminding me of porcelain dolls float through the darkness like a gentle caress .
the children decide to plant mias favorite trees in the grove , surrounded by her favorite flowers and william sketches the scene .
` ` thank nancy for the lovely flowers . ''
he wore his grin proudly and carried a large bouquet of bright flowers .
you go from one woman to another like a bee to flowers .
lorenzo , valeria said , taking the flower with astonishment , were already married .
she was a charming , innocent , and pure - hearted girl , much like a cherry blossom on a nice spring morning .
clarice went to the table , and sure enough , presents ranging from flowers to chocolate hearts sat on the table , all from the patients that regularly attended their dental surgery .
and the world did find their precious jewel , as hundreds of thousands of tourists from around the world flocked to this little town each year , just to feast their eyes on their exotic lake and the serene beauty that seemed to enchant the eyes , be it in summer when the flowers all bloomed to their full beauty like a maiden ready for her lover to come and pluck her , winter when the whole town transformed into a winter wonderland , including the peaks of the mountains with a casting of white icing sugar , spring when the buds of plants called out to the bees to collect their nectar , or autumn with the golden - yellow leaves carpeting the entire floor , making the whole town look like the land of gold glitter in the autumn sun .
hunter stalked closer , lured by the exotic scene , a mixture of fresh pine scent and orange blossoms , his footsteps absorbed by the soft carpet .
she was intoxicating , all that sweetness , like a flower dripping with syrup , and he was the bee .
with his olfactory sense , he inhaled her peach and orange blossom scent , which drove him mad , making him crave her even more .
the lady smelled of peaches and orange blossoms just like his mysterious goddess from last night .
all around him , the scent of pine trees and orange blossoms intoxicated his nose .
then he came to a clearing , a beautiful meadow dotted with a few trees and lots of lush flowers .
it was an accident , hunter said , wanting to caress that soft cheek again , inhaling her sweet orange blossom scent .
just as he was about to step out , caroline said something to fern , which made her cheeks leap into a full pink blossom , and before he knew it , they were both shouting at each other again .
the scent of blossoms drifted to me before we entered .
they bloom in the fall so they were covered with fragrant deep pink flowers and on some of them i could also see clumps of black cherries .
below us was another meadow , but this one was covered in a lush carpet of colorful wild flowers .
vases sat on the tables filled with fragrant fresh flowers and what looked to be original art work adorned the walls .
it was like a big , pretty greenhouse , full of plants and flowers and pretty vases .
finally , with all the bit players in place , the wedding march was struck up and a white carriage covered with white flowers and lace was pushed down the aisle by joe , who actually cleaned up very well .
the large windows covered the place in light , and there were old looking statues and flower arrangements displayed near the clear glass .
rows of trees covered in white and pink blossom grew on both sides of the path .
cherry blossom , amaranthine inhaled with delight .
the paths looked like long , white tunnels and smelled so sweet that amari would swear the little white flowers covering each branch were made of candy floss .
mrs . young came to the door wearing a blue housecoat painted in large orange flowers .
she thrust a hand holding two square wooden plaques of painted flowers before their eyes .
she and sadie decorated the small chapel in dawson county with flowers and ribbons .
my mother , of course , was wearing another sundress ; that particular one was white with pink flowers .
i did nt know enough people to warrant all the flowers , so i was confused by them .
exposed brick walls , dark wood tables , fresh flowers and warm lighting created a sexy atmosphere and my first thought was that it would be an awesome place for a romantic cocktail with someone .
a couple of kids , and a big shaggy dog bounding through the blossoms .
he brought flowers the first time , candy the second , a pair of giant teddy bears the third .
you know , like the flower .
chocolate in the shapes of shells and flowers and hearts and animals .
i m dreaming about the sun on my skin , and the hibiscus and bougainvillea in flower .
oh , and there were these bright flowers swarming over a wall , pinky - purple .
the teenage girl was looking at the perfectly mowed grass , the huge pool , the flowers what were arranged to various formations and the big , golden house , what had snow white windows , balconies and doors .
falling up and down mountains , clambering over steep inclines , tumbling down the faces of jagged ravines into liquid valleys plump with the fragrance of early blossoms .
the median is full of palm trees and below them plants with purple and some with white flowers .
most of them are plain , but one of them is slightly decorated with what appears to be some kind of embroidered pattern of flowers .
a streak of lighting ignites the sky , a desert of yellow flowers pursues a crash of spring rain .
it used to have little yellow bouquets of flowers on it .
he loved the smell of her skin that reminded him of sprawling green fields bursting with flowers and sunshine .
a whimsical irregular choice shoebox printed with colorful flowers and little rabbits .
who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom , but we hope it , we know it .
also , i 'd like you to send flowers and a gift basket to juanita from the firm .
i ve gotten gifts from men in the past , but never a bouquet of flowers with a bra in the middle .
these were panelled and decorated with a raised design of curlicues and vases of flowers and led to a central room that was part entrance foyer , part salon .
they progressed to the eastern - most rooms through an identical set of doors to those of the first salon ; entering a prettily - detailed room of similar proportions to the earlier salon , this one decorated with gilded cherubs and garlands of plaster - cast flowers .
as well as the usual fresh produce , cheeses and flowers the market had everything from secondhand clothes and bric a brac to antiques .
looking through the first already - constructed sections of the arbour , she could imagine it completely covered in weeping wisteria vines , dripping with pretty fragile flowers in bands of colour from white to blue and pink , sub - dividing the space into four garden rooms with its flowery curtain .
the pretty ring was just what she would have chosen herself ; a double row of pave diamonds in platinum formed the band , dividing to support a four - petalled flower surrounded by four leaves .
this , plus the hand - sewn lines of seed - pearls and sequined flowers accenting the panels transported the gown from the merely modest to subtly sexy .
not only with already made breakfast , but her favorite flowers and a letter that told her my real feelings for her .
grass had been planted around it and small purple flowers bloomed .
lifting one off , she attached the rose to the middle cake then continued the swath of flowers flowing along the edge .
soon , they were walking amid a dazzling maze of flowers and greenery .
the bodice was adorned with lace and an intricate panel of maroon applique flowers .
we made our way to the reception area , which had white and pink flowers everywhere .
its made up of the most beautiful flowers in faiery .
purple and yellow flowers were everywhere and petals were lining my path .
on each of the tables was a violet - colored tablecloth , and a bronze candelabra decorated with purple and yellow flowers .
the bodice of the dress was decorated with dark blue flowers that had been made out of silk .
the blue house had a neatly manicured lawn , white - picket fence , and lots of flowers .
there were chocolates that had the design of a white and black flower with tiny , round , silver sprinkles as decorative accents on a black and pink background .
and some of the chocolates had interesting art deco and geometric patterns of swirls , circles , squiggly lines , diamonds , triangles , and flowers in lime green , hot pink , white , and yellow on a dark chocolate background .
the vases were filled with wild flowers ( as my attempts at cultivation had fallen on stony ground ) .
and the men wanted marriage to be done away with , to improve the irish stock , but of course what they really wanted was freedom to dip and dally from one flower to another !
i planted some hebes , rhododendrons , escallonias and fuchsia shrubs to give structure and background to the flower show they were to complement .
but each has a medium in which it will flourish , mature and produce flowers and fruit .
the short springy flowers abounded in gay colours , bobbing frivolously on the mountain sides , displaying their beauty to the indifferent eyes of the goats and sheep that roamed freely .
i noticed a big rectangular table , decorated with flowers on the other side of the garden , which was probably the one for the newly weds and their families .
the flowers began to bloom .
the first flower of spring will die during or right after summer .
we give them pretty things like jewels and flowers .
she knew all the names of the flowers in bloom , both the common name and the latin one .
that s the only way you d get all these flowers together on a day like today .
look at all the flowers , all of them .
they settled on the lotus flower .
he liked to admire the girls who went there you saw a special type of girl at the flower markets fresh and pretty as unbruised cherry blossom .
graceful , willowy girls searching among the flowers for something special enough to take home .
the woman pointed at the flowers .
sherelle headed for the door before she remembered the flowers .
horrified , sherelle snatched the flowers and stepped back .
once again , he imagined her in a white gown , her pretty face hidden behind a veil , her hair pulled up and covered with tiny white flowers .
when she did nt answer , she left the flowers and card in front of her door .
thank you for the flowers , card and the pass .
he was dressed in a suit and tie , holding in his right hand a small yellow flower bouquet .
yesterday he brought me flowers with a card that said , ` ` the gardens of the world pale at your beauty '' , or some nonsense like that .
creeping bougainvillea vines , florid with hot pink blossoms , edged into the red tile roof .
it was nt the one shed ordered but it was beautiful ; ivory icing with sugar flowers that matched the bridesmaids dresses and a delicate lace design piped around the top of each of its four tiers .
the flowers were colorful and lush .
she took a seat at the head of the room in front of an altar bedecked in saffron and gold colored flowers surrounding a bronze statue .
in her place , a bunch of golden flowers tied together with a teal string rested lightly upon the earth .
we both know the only allergies you have to flowers is when you receive them in a romantic gesture .
i watch it as it sniffs a tuft of blossoms near the trunk of the tree i am perched in .
chapter 1 arianna found herself standing on unsure legs , surrounded by lush fields of green speckled with blossoms in vibrant shades of pink and purple .
you needed a stage name , so i swear to god if you came up with something like cherry blossom or buffy i will flame .
in his haste jesse forgot the profound significance of roses , and he bought her twelve long stems , the flowers all a deep velvet red .
he started bringing ruby cut flowers every week .
some can make flowers grow faster .
ava figured that before she moved , matt 's refrigerator would be covered in pictures of flowers , butterflies , and rainbows .
those flowers must have cost a fortune .
about the flowers .
the flowers , once again , were beautiful .
pillows of different shapes and sizes were strewn atop of the bed along the headboard and the rest of the room was decorated with fresh tropical flowers .
bees buzzed around barrie 's flowers , and birds sang continuously in the trees .
what had already begun had blossomed into full flower when he did n't make love to her after she had said he could .
a giant red flower bloomed on hauer 's chest , accompanied by a strange , dull splat .
this was a bromeliad , with thick , grayish green leaves and a beautiful pink flower blooming in its center .
my guess is the flowers are from steve . ''
` ` steve conlan sent flowers , '' she crowed .
the bouquet was huge , with at least ten different varieties of flowers all arranged in a white wicker basket .
the flowers were gorgeous , and thanking him would be the proper thing to do .
what flowers ? ''
steve opened the card that had come with the flowers and rolled his eyes .
` ` the flowers are lovely . ''
` ` hello , '' he said , handing her the flowers .
she handed lindsey the flowers .
the early evening air was filled with the scent of spring flowers .
he hurried to the next person he saw , a woman kneading flower on a long table .
on either side of the endlessly long wedding aisle , strewn with flowers , sat the two families - the macgils and mcclouds - the line sharply demarcated .
despite the occasion , despite the fine dress , despite the lavishness of the setting , the endless banquets of food , the summer solstice in full bloom , the flowers - despite everything , there still hung a heavy tension in the air .
there were fountains , unusual trees of all types , fruit orchards , ripe with early summer fruits , and fields of flowers , of every size and shape and color .
this one was decorated with flowers , eight feet high , bursting with color , strange insects hovering over their tips .
the fields were filled with fruits and colored flowers , and there was the sound of music and festivities .
the ground had begun to level out here ; there were open spots in the jungle , and in one of these small clearings , he saw what were plainly crops : mounds of curling vines that might be yams , bean - poles , the big yellow flowers of squash or gourds .
while round the corner , a pavement of fitted stones stretched wider than the whole river ness , and those stones covered from one side to the other in barrows and wagons and stalls , rioting with fruit and vegetables and flowers and fish and meat ... she 'd given michael back his filthy handkerchief and was panting like a dog , turning her face to and fro , trying to draw all the wonderful smells into herself at once .
rakoczy motioned him to go on , and turned himself to examine a music - box that stood on the counter - an enormous thing the size of a cow 's head , crowned with a nearly nak*d nymph , festooned with the airiest of gold draperies and dancing on mushrooms and flowers , in company with a large frog .
lovely , cup - shaped flowers of an eerie greenish - white - and deadly poison .
a distant clop of hooves , as the farmers ' wagons came in from the country , full of vegetables , fresh meat , eggs and flowers .
charles lay on the large dining table , this adorned with a cloth and wreaths of greenery and flowers .
he could smell the blood , a rusty , sickly smell that seeped through the freshness of the flowers and leaves .
suddenly , the night burst into flower .
his broad shoulders strained against the cloth of his shirt as he bent over a spray of double pink blossoms .
tiny yellow flowers bloomed along the banks , and the rich mossy smell of the trees and the soil soothed her frazzled nerves .
tables and chairs were arrayed across the rolling lawns , each decorated with fresh flowers , and , in a green touch that ariella especially loved , an assortment of beautiful tableware and linens borrowed and bought from collections , antique stores and markets , for a spontaneous yet luxurious , country garden picnic feel .
it was a large bouquet of flowers .
she trashes his restaurant , and he sends her flowers .
rich tuscan landscape paintings and tapestries hung on the walls , and simple arrangements of fresh flowers rested on low tables .
though obviously fake , the flowers still seemed wilted .
a striking arrangement of red , blue , yellow and white flowers overfilled an inverted straw hat on a corner of the long counter .
` ` he sent me flowers .
the flowers , the music , discussing the program with first the funeral home director and then the family 's minister , pastor hall .
there were so many lovely bouquets of flowers .
she did n't wear a veil but a pretty pearl headpiece with white silk flowers .
lesley could n't remember ever seeing any place as beautiful , with a profusion of so many varieties of flowers that she soon lost count .
you 'd opened his window and brought him a small azalea plant that was a riot of pink flowers .
this was a small town ; gossip moved like bees from one backyard flower to the next , over picket fences and through telephone lines .
gray trees , gray flowers , gray sky ; the only color is a black crow sitting on a branch , cawing down at her .
there were flowers and balloons everywhere ; cards lined the tables and the windowsill .
five thick pink - and - turquoise pots each held a different variety of cactus , and each one had sprouted a flower .
a variety of pink , red , and white blossoms had appeared as if by some miracle from the time she 'd finished the dishes and wandered into the living room , until now , no more than an hour later .
bright red porcelain poinsettia flowers were symmetrically placed .
` ` your father 's sent me flowers every valentine 's day since the year we met .
` ` who 's sending you flowers , naomi ?
i ' ve ordered the flowers , reserved a dj .
she 'd been thrilled by the flowers and had kissed him immediately after he 'd handed them over .
the gray clouds , which had drifted in uneventfully the night before , brought with them morning mist and a wind that shook the last of the blossoms from the dogwood trees .
lexie was barefoot , as was jeremy ; on her head was a small crown of flowers .
of course he would probably have had to attend a season in london in order to make the acquaintance of such families , and his reluctance to do so certainly explained why he was presently sitting down to tea in her parlor instead of sending flowers to a proper lady of breeding .
she loved daffodils , for they were such happy flowers - a true testament to spring .
miss smith had spoken fondly of daffodils - they were her favorite flowers .
the feelings that sprang to life within her though , like blossoms unfolding beneath the sun , were frightening .
this was not what he had envisioned at all , not still life studies of vases filled with flowers or boring fruit bowels .
he was carrying a bouquet of flowers , which he thrust in laura 's direction .
` ` the flowers will wilt if you do n't put them in water quickly .
you look like you 're in flower . ''
a light breeze dipped palm fronds in the swimming pool , and flowers from the frangipani trees spread a blanket of white over a patch of lawn .
what beautiful flowers .
he eyed the flowers ; the spread was gorgeous .
finally , she reached for the flowers , grabbed the latte with a yank , turned around and left the door open .
mike 's hands slid up and teased her labia , giving her just a hint of what she could come to expect and making her swell and blossom .
the lobby at laura 's work was more crowded than it had been when he 'd delivered flowers to her last month and heads turned .
an instant later , the two joined him beneath the weighty fuchsia blossoms of a crape myrtle , and the minister spoke the traditional opening words that would soon join them together as husband and wife .
inside the church a group of elderly ladies busily arranging white lilies and pristine long - stemmed roses in tall flower stands greeted suzy with cries of delight .
in every piece of painted wood , every flower .
she knew exactly who had bought the flowers and made sure that she and her father got the best shot at a reconciliation .
damien asked as he walked into her room , holding a giant vase of flowers , balloons , and most importantly , a huge box of chocolates .
jasmine had a bouquet of flowers , which she handed over and a tiara she placed on her head .
joseph asked as he walked in the room with a giant bouquet of flowers , balloons and a stuffed animal .
someone exciting and desirable , whose life would now unfurl and brighten like a flower after the rain .
well - heeled diners , many in elegant evening clothes , sat at tables decorated with fresh flowers .
the green all around was broken up by sudden bright interruptions : the vivid splash of flowers and the rush of movement that meant animals instead of leaves .
he paused and admired the bromeliads , huge iridescent flowers like bowls made out of petals , shimmering with color and water .
there were frogs inside the jewel - bright recesses of the flowers .
the other item was a colorful arrangement of glass flowers that cary had given me just that morning as a ` ` first day '' gift .
it was even white with flowers .
the edginess came from the strapless form , the alternating layers of black and crimson satin underskirts that gave it volume , and the black leather flowers that looked like wicked pinwheels .
all the flowers , the ring - ` ` ` ` do you really like it ? ''
candles and soft lavender and blue flowers overflowed small silver pitchers running the length of the table .
the floors were lined in warm teak ; several massive trees set in flower filled planters dotted the space , their branches swaying in the light breeze .
the signs of summer were all around us - bright grass , vivid flowers , crowds enjoying the sun - but all i saw was her .
flower beds and urns lined both sides of the path , each spilling over with bright , colorful blossoms .
a green lawn stretched to where i stood on the narrow porch , broken only by the occasional inground planter bursting with purple , yellow , and pink flowers .
mathilde moved a little closer , adjusting some flowers in a tall , slim vase .
she smiled , tying some twine around the flowers .
she 'd bathed ; she no longer smelled of an unfamiliar woman but of her own soap now , blossom and citrus .
a hairy leg growing from a flower stem .
there were leaves and blossoms , birds chattering in trees , and the blue - skied promise of better weather to come .
she has decided to get a heavily shaded calla lily , no extra colors added , but the outline alone promises to yield a stunning , elegant flower to soon bloom on her back .
he patted will 's cheek , cooing , ` ` no one , blossom .
rows of white chairs draped in sheer white and tiffany blue ribbon stretched in front of me ; white flower petals covered the aisle .
epilogue jacey i race through the tropical flowers , through the plants , and over the twisted path that leads to our little rented cottage off of the most beautiful beach in hawaii .
' nice flowers . '
i enter the foyer , weighed down with flowers and bags , and see clive clicking various buttons on his high - tech surveillance system .
oh , he really had me thinking we were friends by sending me the flowers .
thank you for the flowers . '
he calls me , texts me , sends me flowers and gets john to drive me to work .
there was a stack of books open beside her , and a mound of pink cherry blossoms covered the pages .
there was merchandise everywhere - plastic flowers and seashell picture frames , and christmas ornaments made of painted dough .
denise richard 's wedding was supposedly simple and they had enough fresh flowers to cover a rose parade float .
of fragrant blossoms and hot , dark nights .
beside her , a huge hanging pot of flowers sent a red trailer of blossoms along her upper arm .
the morning smelled of sweet tropical flowers and salt air .
arrange the flowers in the water pitcher .
the bluesers had descended on her tiny hospital room , bringing life and laughter , flowers and fattening food , and claire 's favorite movies .
then she saw the flowers and the machines .
` ` this is gin blossoms , right ? ''
his gaze moved down to the vip pass in my hands , and then i saw hope blossom on his face , quickly shut away .
his tongue found my cl*t and swiped slow circles around it , each touch of his tongue a line of fire , burning pleasure into my heat - slick blossom .
his shaft pushing into my desire - damp blossom was the slowest pulsing of a drifting wind , a gliding of silk on skin , a gradual infilling of my body with his .
it was a small cottage surrounded by trees and flowers .
there were tiny flowers and butterflies created from frosting and she was almost afraid to cut it and ruin the great work of art .
later that afternoon both families came in to check on jessica , bringing in more flowers and balloons .
fresh fruit , chocolate and flowers were displayed on the table .
she was grateful they were there in the winter , even though she was sure it was just as spectacular in the summertime , with the flowers blooming all over the place .
she loved the time she got to spend with her niece and watched molly blossom even more over the last few weeks , but did n't like that their entire way of life depended fully on trenton .
instead of austin , several people silently stepped inside the room with big grins on their faces , all carrying huge bouquets of flowers and balloons .
he was sending her massive amounts of flowers , but he was gone , and his note was so impersonal .
he 'd yet to find a woman who could n't be seduced by silky chocolate and vibrant flowers .
` ` the flowers are beautiful , and this chocolate is the best i ' ve ever had , '' she mumbled around the sweet concoction in her mouth .
a menu of cold salad , lobster fettuccine and chocolate mousse was ready to be served when they were , and overflowing vases of flowers sat on the two end tables .
nowhere else in the city was it more obvious that spring had arrived - the profusion of greenery , the quiet chirping of birds settling down for the night , and the fragrance of a multitude of blossoms drifting over the wind were the season 's banner being flown high and proud .
people liked to see the blossoms in full color , after all .
she took the flowers with a murmured word of thanks .
dried herbs usually used for cooking lay nestled among the desiccated petals of various flowers .
ignoring her protestations , he quickly emptied the last of the containers into the bathwater ; then , holding the empty containers awkwardly in one hand , he upended the basket over her , raining flower petals and herbs over her hair and shoulders into the water .
he stood there at the door of the cabin , the blood like red flowers on his shirt .
` ` fresh flowers . ''
she loved that there were fresh flowers in the room , and a little blue bowl of artfully arranged fresh fruit .
frannie accepted the flowers , smiled expectantly at layla .
` ` you sent me flowers ? ''
his mother headed up the decorating committee , so there were flowers and candles , red and white streamers , glittering red hearts .
while she finished fussing with the flowers , layla related the telephone conversation she 'd had with her boss .
layla looked at the flowers , thought of what fox had said .
here and there she saw bright blots of color from flowers that stood out like grief against the dull grays and winter browns .
the added color provided a pleasant counterpoint to the bathroom 's filth - until rats ate the blossoms .
so who had sent the flowers ?
outside my dad 's shop , there were flower boxes full of red blossoms - impatiens - that spilled over beneath the large windows .
` ` why not go to the flower shop on blossom street . ''
it was hard to tell that blossom street was less than a mile from the heart of downtown seattle with its high - rises and congested streets .
the flowers and polished wood and shining glass were small things , but they expressed her new attitude toward home and what it meant .
not blossom street - the northgate project .
it was the first time my sister had ever sent me flowers .
` ` the flowers are very nice , '' i told her .
the house was modern with a big front yard and lots of flowers .
on the off - chance that laurel was out walking , alix started down blossom street , hoping to run into her .
the renovation on blossom street is almost complete .
the shops were appealing with awnings and flowers and sidewalk displays .
` ` now blossom street , '' her grandmother said as courtney carried the groceries out to the car .
margaret lived on capitol hill , not far from blossom street , which was a perfect location for viewing the lake union display .
she had on white linen pants and a teal sweater with large white flowers on the front .
glancing at the flowers , she realized she was n't the only one who missed him .
the profusion of fresh flowers made her heart quicken .
many of the grave sites were adorned with artificial flowers .
she rolled her head to the side to examine the flowers .
` ` the flowers are lovely , dear . ''
` ` in downtown seattle , on blossom street .
` ` alix , '' jordan shouted , running after her , his feet pounding hard as he crossed the road and splashed his way through the puddles on blossom street .
she 'd been assembling a funeral wreath , adding white carnations and filling the space between the flowers with salal , an evergreen that grew wild in the area , when susannah returned from an appointment .
their conversations tended to be about susannah 's family , about books they 'd loved and people on blossom street .
the flowers would be delivered to a local hospital that afternoon .
she could hardly bear to think about the flowers and the cake .
i 'll make sure the flowers are lovely . ''
she ran a weekly draw that anyone could enter and on slow days , she and colette took turns standing on blossom street and giving away single flowers with a tag attached that advertised the store .
as his personal assistant , colette had ordered flowers for him dozens of times .
` ` he ordered flowers for her at the shop .
` ` flowers , miss elizabeth . ''
` ` i work for susannah 's garden , the flower shop on blossom street . ''
they resumed their drive , except that this time lillie headed straight back to the city , stopping in front of blossom street books .
with robert 's encouragement and support , she 'd purchased blossom street books with a small inheritance from her grandparents'e state , which she 'd invested years before .
as they drove back to blossom street , anne marie suspected the girl would fall asleep on the silent ride there , but ellen appeared wide - awake .
at the time anne marie had n't been thinking clearly enough to inquire , but she 'd heard one of the emts mention virginia mason hospital , which was n't far from blossom street .
` ` flowers , '' ellen said .
with a sweeping gesture , he produced a bottle of her favorite wine and a bouquet of flowers .
chapter 20 when the official - looking woman in the no - nonsense suit walked into blossom street books , anne marie knew she was the same one who 'd called earlier in the day .
as she waited on the street corner , the big yellow bus rumbled down blossom street .
chapter 25 anne marie entered the small neighborhood park at the end of blossom street , where she walked baxter every morning .
a halo of flowers adorned her head , with flowing white ribbons cascading down her back , and she carried a small bouquet of white roses .
she had blossom street books .
the windows were f illed with pastries , breads and croissants warm from the oven , and their delectable aroma added to the scents i associate with summer on blossom street .
walking at a clipped pace , she hurried down blossom street , her vision blurred by tears .
anne marie backed carefully out of her parking space and onto blossom street .
by the time anne marie pulled in behind blossom street books , both ellen and baxter were napping soundly .
she collected baxter and took him for a walk along blossom street , skipping down the sidewalk with boundless energy , greeting her friends along the way .
anne marie , ellen and her friend parted company with tim in the parking lot , although he insisted on following them back to blossom street .
she attached the leash to baxter 's collar and after hugging both barbie and mark , shot out the door , taking baxter for his afternoon stroll down blossom street .
hannah had been exceptionally talented in the kitchen , just like her cousin winter adams , who owned the french cafe on blossom street .
it 's on blossom street . ''
i saw the french cafe as soon as i rounded the corner of blossom street .
pierre sat at a table next to the window , gazing out at blossom street .
white with pink flowers !
annie was walking back to the office , while bethanne headed for blossom street and a good yarn .
he 'd written her poems and sent her flowers on the flimsiest of excuses .
` ` he could n't afford to buy me a corsage for the dance , so his mother did her best to make me one from orange blossoms , but it just would n't stay together .
she 'd met a sparkle blossom , a megan the fair , a ragnar the great ( who did n't seem so great ) , and three different aragorns .
tonight it was purple socks with big , splashy red flowers .
larkin weaved in and out of the crowd , stopping now and then to admire flowers , exotic fruits , and even exchange a word or two with the locals who had set up shop to sell their wares .
cael took jenner 's arm and guided her to a position behind a tall display of birds of paradise , among other brightly colored flowers .
when she arrived at allison 's grave , cecilia noticed the bouquet of fresh flowers .
cecilia had n't been at work more than an hour when a deliveryman arrived with a huge bouquet of fresh flowers .
jack arrived with a bouquet of flowers and a healthy appetite .
each week he brought home flowers and gifts ; he 'd suggested date nights and made a genuine effort to win back his wife .
the bulb flowers had sprung up in vivid color .
monday afternoon mary jo arrived home from her job at allan harris 's law firm to find a large bouquet of flowers on her doorstep .
` ` you do n't seem happy that he sent you flowers . ''
` ` and he let you know by sending you flowers ?
mack had only a vague recollection of their long discussions about the flowers and cake and a dozen other matters .
the area had been transformed with flowers , decorations and balloons .
a wide variety of flowers bloomed along the fence line .
the flowers and balloons often caught her eye at the busy intersection .
these days , stan could be counted on to bring her flowers and candy , to make all the conventional gestures , but there was no substance to him .
` ` he sent me flowers afterward , '' she added sadly ` ` that sounds like my dad .
you 're probably the only woman other than my mom and me he ever sent flowers to . ''
grace did n't want to get her hopes up , not after the disappointment of their dinner together , and the fact that she had n't heard from him after receiving the flowers .
she began by thanking him for the flowers and then told him how much their dinner date had meant to her .
instead , he phoned the florist and arranged to have flowers delivered with a note asking her to lunch - today , tomorrow or whenever she was free .
the orchard was in blossom on the april evening the soldier with splintered bones climbed the steep drive the small boy had ascended , carrying a giggling toddler , so many decembers past .
in blossom , and magical .
an exuberant affection for the trees , be they barren for winter , blossom - laden during spring , bountiful with summer fruit or brilliant with the leaves of autumn .
clara touched an apple blossom on elizabeth 's springtime tree .
she loved the displays of flowers and baked goods , plus the various crafts .
the room was filled with flowers , all white .
allison had baked a cake that afternoon and was putting the finishing touches on it - smoothing out the chocolate frosting , adding candied flowers .
she made a point of not remarking on the flower .
when they entered their suite , teri was awestruck by the huge bouquets of flowers , fruit baskets and bottles of champagne .
he led her out of the hall and , together with the security people , they were directed to a special elevator and escorted to their suite , where even more flowers had been delivered , along with more champagne .
` ` flowers a couple of times . ''
` ` the flowers were gorgeous - i know because he ended up giving them to me . ''
in the beginning , christie had thought the flowers were put there by her sister .
` ` i saw rivers , boats like flowers , all the colors of the night sky . ''
there was a stiff bunch of arranged dried flowers in a vase on the sill .
the shelves themselves were a cluttered mass - brass bells with handles shaped like bones , fat candles whose wax was stuffed with insects and flowers , a lovely golden crown of such peculiar shape and diameter than it could never have fit a human head .
` ` someone really ought to dust in here , '' she announced , and swept toward the back of the shop , the small flowers on her hat bouncing .
and now you bring me another dead demon , as if it were flowers rather than more death .
life was an uncertain thing , and there were some moments one wished to remember , to imprint upon one 's mind that the memory might be taken out later , like a flower pressed between the pages of a book , and admired and recollected anew .
a garden of metal flowers , withering and dying one by one , and the shadowhunters stood in the center of them , looking about themselves in wonder .
` ` ' she is coming , my own , my sweet ; were it ever so airy a tread , my heart would hear her and beat , were it earth in an earthy bed ; my dust would hear her and beat , had i lain for a century dead ; would start and tremble under her feet , and blossom in purple and red . ' ''
` ` the blue flower , '' tessa said faintly .
it was a striped watered silk in green and white , and there were waxy white flowers and green leaves on her hat .
tessa heard a light crinkling and realized it was the sound of the silk flowers on her hat being crushed against the side of the carriage as his body pressed hers back .
a garden highlighted the front of the home with flowers of every color imaginable .
every inch down to the planters and the species of flowers .
spring had come , bringing with it bountiful flowers and lush greenery .
ornamental cherry trees line the sidewalk , and though the limbs are bare now , it 's easy to imagine them awash in pink blossoms .
come spring , i imagine that tiny flowers will sprout up from the mossy patches .
there are only the cherry trees , full of pink blossoms that line the road and lead to the front door .
a single flower perched atop a waving stalk , the shade of a flame against the dewy blue - green backdrop , and the tall grass swished closed behind a body .
the red , stalklike flower grew everywhere .
i saw birds i 'd never seen before , plants , trees , flowers , fish .
if so , why leave the flower then and take them away from me now ?
surrounding the stone were flowers , pebbles , tiny flags , and charms .
she could hear the drone of bees , and see a bright kaleidoscope of flowers , huge beds of flowers , dotting the landscape .
days were busy , with outpatient tests , visitors in and out all day , flowers and newspapers being delivered , food and medical supplies coming in ; he would be one more face in the crowd .
the air was cool and fragrant , the scent coming from a bouquet of fresh flowers sitting on a table in front of the small altar .
the first man , a red blossom growing on his chest , reeled back into the driver .
umbrellas bloomed on the sidewalks like geometric flowers , bobbing and nodding with flashes of damp legs and shoes .
i pulled his c*ck toward me , drawing him against me , and then he finally pushed his tip between my folds , spearing the flower of my p**sy and driving deep inside me .
oh , and tel kara thanks for the flowers , wil you ?
a pretty flower of tea leaves with a pink center floated in the top of the cup .
he got what he could from each woman and went merrily on his way to the next like a bee flitting from flower to flower , uncaring of the havoc he left behind .
it had been late spring ; the cherry trees were just past full bloom , and tiny pink blossoms floated randomly to the ground .
a pink cherry blossom petal landed on her cheek .
and he brings her flowers when she aces a test .
finally , she found what she wanted : an ornate turquoise squash blossom that jack had bought her when he got the job in albuquerque .
she handed her the flowers .
the promise of spring felt distant today , even though the winter air was thick with tiny pink cherry blossoms .
an acre of neatly tended lawn bordered by banks of flowers spilling color and scent lay in front of the truly impressive manor .
pale blue walls , dark blue , overstuffed furniture , cobalt vases stuffed with flowers dripping heavy scent into the air and navy blue drapes at the arched windows .
she smelled like peaches and flowers and all things soft and beautiful .
` ` i wanted to talk to you more about the brief for the restaurants , '' guy said to her as they walked up the pathway lined with a profusion of colorful flowers on the way back to jarrod manor .
he may even send you flowers , '' she added with a chuckle .
so with erica 's help , she had menus completed for both the rehearsal dinner and wedding reception ... rooms reserved ... flowers ordered ... linens , silverware , and glassware lined up ...
taking a shuddering breath , she looked deep into trevor 's eyes , and what she saw there warmed her more than any amount of flowers or candy or pretty words could .
and then her mom gave her a fried egg sandwich that richie had n't wanted , and pinned an old , chipped glass flower to eleanor 's jacket .
eleanor 's favorite stationery , watercolor paintings of fairies and flowers .
god knows when steven asked me a few years ago , it was hearts and flowers to the max .
she smelled like a citrus mixture of exotic fruit and flowers .
she moved to stand beside him under the waxy leaves and the flowers , which should have been dead and gone by this time of year , but looked as pure and fresh as spring blooms .
they held the flower together .
i had my best kirtle on , my hair woven with hawthorn flowers , as some ladies do .
lucinda released the rose , which snapped back into the garden , losing its blossom on the thorns as it crossed .
all three were covered in the same coarse fabric , but each had been painted with a different design : one red with small black pansies , one green with delicate white blossoms , and one ivory with pale pink roses near the eyes .
daniel had threaded peony blossoms through the slender branches .
medieval lucinda did n't recognize the vast array of flowers ; she would have no idea how this was possible in february - and she still loved every inch of the surprise .
daniel plucked a large blossom from the bouquet and slipped it between her fingers , holding it close to her heart .
between the two chapels , a large gilded shrine to mary was covered in flower bouquets and half - burned sacramental candles .
the vision of egypt morphed into another : a lucinda from an even more distant past lay prone in a field of high flowers .
the air was perfumed with nectar welling in delicate white flowers springing up in delightful groves .
those towering white spires to the right were trees in the grove of life ; the silvery blossoms in full bloom to the left would soon bear the fruits of the orchard of knowledge .
she fingered the deeply lobed petals of one of the full white blossoms and leaned forward to breathe in its soft nectar .
she ran her palm along it , some kind of slick cotton with nubby swirls and flowers .
caterers had handled the food , a florist had taken care of the flowers and he had set what he considered to be a rather elegant table for the five of them .
brightly colored flowers bordered the winding front walkway , separating it from a meticulously trimmed yard .
it was like opening petals to a flower and finding dew inside .
at the touch of his lips , gentle yet firm , she felt something exquisite and tender blossom inside her ; for no reason at all , she started to cry .
pink and full of blossoms in the spring ; lush and green in the warm , quiet days of summer ; gloriously hued for the start of school ; and now , bare on this november day in 1981 .
for the next few hours , she did more afternoon chores : in addition to all the regular things , she arranged vases of flowers and placed them throughout the house , positioned and lit scented candles on dressers too high for the boys to reach , and thoroughly cleaned the guest room in case tully decided she had time to say .
the catholic church on the island was filled with photographs and flowers and friends .
on shore , the young men gathered around his daughter like bees to a blossom .
blue , blue sky , green , green grass , a snow - white flower falling from the cottony clouds .
first comes the sky , a perfect , cloudless blue , and then the cherry trees in bloom - tufts of pink blossoms clinging to branches and floating in the sweet air .
flowers grew where they were supposed to ; their blossoms were supersized because of the sun and the sprinklers .
the porch was full of flower arrangements .
she is still dressed for another era - that time of flower power and maui wowie and woodstock .
the plants were healthier , the flowers bigger and brighter .
there , she maneuvered tully through the open doorway and into the room , where there was a hospital bed , and flowers everywhere , and pictures cluttered on the tables .
the evening air was sultry , damp in her nostrils but filled with the scent of flowers .
so , over the course of the last year , i ' ve seen lola blossom from a delicate flower into a durable weed !
i ' m a little confused but i open it for him and see it 's a bright pink barbie band - aid with flowers and hearts on it .
nodding , i hold out the flowers to her .
she snatches the flowers out of my hand and hits me with them .
picking bits of flower out of my hair , my shoulders slump and i shake my head .
the floor is covered with every type of flower imaginable .
walking up behind him , i explain , ` ` i did n't have time to open it , what with the flowers and me getting ready for work , and you proposing and swooping me off to vegas , babe . ''
a hummingbird sipping nectar from a flower .
she opened the card that was nestled amongst the blossoms .
the air was thick with the smell of orange blossoms and aramis , mingled with the musk of sweat and nak*d flesh .
gabriel and i started getting close last fall - was he sleeping with someone else when he was sending me flowers and emails ? was he lying to me about paulina ?
there were flowers and greenery , wisps of sea grass and elegantly trimmed boxwood , and in the very center of the garden stood what looked like a sultan 's tent .
julia tried to smooth over the conflict between the two men by pointing out that there were things that her father could pay for , such as her wedding dress and the flowers .
` ` are you sending flowers ? ''
the tablecloth , the place settings , the champagne , the flowers ... he had n't gone to such trouble for rachel .
the professor certainly had a way with words ... and flowers and music and chocolate cake ... she placed a hand to her forehead as she tried to collect herself .
he returned to the hotel to find an empty suite , but the scent of orange blossoms filled the air , remnants of her perfume .
she cringed as if he 'd struck her and quickly handed him back the flowers .
` ` look , you did n't have to fly all the way down here and give me flowers just to gloat .
she hesitated , looking at the flowers .
he sent flowers and letters , but they were refused .
julia stood wearing a syble babydoll , which was black chiffon and embroidered with small pink flowers .
kelly had texted to say that she 'd ordered flowers and balloons , which were on their way to the hospital .
scrubbing the palms of his hands down his face , he then snatched the flowers up and left the cheesecake behind .
placed in the middle of the table was a black vase full of white flowers .
` ` so ... thank you for the flowers .
` ` flowers , daily visits- '' ` ` discuss something less distasteful , margaret , '' she warned .
considering the occasion worthy of it , she had worn one of her prettiest dresses , a deep blue confection sprinkled with tiny embroidered red flowers .
sarah continued to work on maria 's hair , weaving pearls and flowers into the elaborate arrangement , but when the knock came and eddington entered , the abigail curtsied quickly and retreated .
her gown , while lovely with its elaborate silver lace underskirts and delicate flowers made of pink and green ribbon , was not the most riveting on display .
her voluminous silver lace and g*y multicolored flowers next to his complete lack of any color at all .
her cream - colored skirts with their bloodred flowers hung heavily around her shaky legs .
an elaborate and stunning crystal - covered chandelier hung above the gold - veined marble , and fresh flowers displayed in alcoves contributed their fragrance to the genial welcome .
she found lysette by the grate , pale and ethereally lovely in a gown of white with multicolored embroidered flowers , her arm extended to grasp the hand of a somber - looking man in dark gray .
from the exterior , the home was cheery and welcoming , with red flowers overflowing from urns flanking the entrance .
the cherry trees that lined the boulevard gave the street its name ; they bloomed each spring in a profusion of pink blossoms .
i 'd watched her , watched the ecstasy blossom on her face as the whip bit into her skin , as the man cracked it higher and higher .
the wind blew gently , carrying with it the fragrance of nearby flowers and fields of wild grass .
he had kissed her gently that day , beneath the cherry blossoms behind her cottage .
a work of art is not simply a depiction of a flower , a landscape , or a portrait of someone - it is rather an insight into the artist 's soul , a window if you will .
and yet now it bloomed , like the first blossom in spring , spreading its petals to seek the sun .
tiny pink blossoms floated across the green , green field .
giant evergreens studded the landscaping ; here and there , mounds of multicolored flowers grew around their rough brown trunks .
in the next thirty minutes , the place filled up with people - mostly women and children and older men - who held posters and flowers .
* * * on saturday , jolene sat in bed , watching visitors stream past her open door , holding balloons and carrying flowers , talking animatedly to the family members they 'd come to visit .
michael followed the hallway out to a pretty little glass - walled sunroom decorated in 1950s rattan furniture and overflowing with greenery and flowers .
ben lomand stood on her porch , holding a bouquet of flowers .
the world we live in is not a happy place filled with flowers and chocolates .
she chattered about the weather , the flowers , the scenery , so much gibberish , in fact , nicholas was faintly reminded of lady fenton .
it would n't shock abigail at all if emma started crying for no reason other than the flowers were n't the exact color she envisioned for her ball .
the london season was in full blossom .
you are my lotus blossom .
cuthbert hovered about her anxious as a bee over a drooping flower .
was i the only idiot who had n't seen the rot beneath the flower ?
he sank back into the plants , smashing another row of purple blossoms .
the air was fragrant with the smell of flowers and dirt and sunlight .
the heady fragrance of the flowers filled her senses .
she could n't breathe because of the flowers ; suddenly they smelled sickeningly sweet .
there , folded in a small , neat square , was a thin blue blanket , its edges lovingly embroidered in yellow and green flowers and puffy white lambs .
he thought of the hours that embroidery had taken , the time that someone had spared to make the hem just right , the blossoms perfect .
her dress was pale blue , sprigging with tiny yellow flowers .
she smells like flowers and vanilla .
the neckline was embroidered with a feminine chain of flowers , and in the middle , in green and gold , was what she assumed was the mccabe coat of arms .
union square 's market was open air and the smell of fresh herbs and flowers mingled with the bright sunshine to create a festive atmosphere .
` ` saw your van down at the peach blossom last night , '' stony rhodes drawled .
he needed to get this girl out of town before he took her back to the peach blossom motor court - or , worse yet , invited her home to sleep in his own bed .
` ` what 's the insides of the peach blossom look like ? ''
i hear the peach blossom is doing a very nice business . ''
a flower border of early - blooming lilies ringed the foundation , while an old wisteria twisted up the porch trellis and gave the house the air of a tuscan retreat .
` ` so where exactly is the peach blossom motor court ? ''
it ca n't be the peach blossom motor court .
` ` no , i do n't think i 'll send you off to the peach blossom .
` ` for one thing , lillian bray keeps a telescope trained on the parking lot at the peach blossom .
she was glad she 'd bypassed the peach blossom motor court .
so what 's your problem - did lillian bray catch you with some lady of the evening down at the peach blossom ? ''
it 's not much better than the peach blossom , but it has the benefit of not being within spying distance of lillian bray and her high - powered telescope . ''
the magnolia inn stood just beyond allenberg 's town limits with a rusty sign bearing a blinking neon magnolia blossom .
she wore a printed polyester dress splashed with blue flowers that did nothing for her larger - than - life figure .
` ` oh , no , you ca n't stay at the peach blossom . ''
i can stay at the peach blossom motor- '' ` ` no , you ca n't stay there .
and once she let that thought blossom in her head , she started to realize that maybe , just maybe , she needed more than a new haircut and some highlights .
the whimsical yellow flowers were a reminder that she was taking a huge risk .
those bright blossoms mocked dash the way a sixty - mile - an - hour curveball mocks a serious power hitter .
the flowers are in bloom .
taking her to the peach blossom was a deep fantasy that he 'd played out in his head a few times late at night .
flames and smoke unfurled like petals from a newly opened flower as those poor monarchs exploded into pieces of rock .
rose bushes , full of pink and red blossoms , grew in front of the porch .
a vine with orange , trumpet - shaped flowers crawled over it .
strigoi were notoriously arrogant , and it seemed the flowers had simply been a show of prowess .
i stared in wonder at the clear blue sky and the brilliant flowers , nearly overlooking adrian in the process .
the sun , flowers , and birds were lost on her .
there was barely any space for visitors in the mash of balloons and flowers that filled her hospital room .
the garden was a visual feast of flowers , statues , and old world architecture .
on the small island of isola santos , off the coast of italy , a tuxedo - clad rachid bin amir al hantan stood in the grass to one side of a flower - covered wedding arch , shoulder - to - shoulder with some of the most influential men in the technological world , and attempted to appear interested in the ceremony .
there is a piece of me that rejoices each time i smell the familiar scent of peach blossoms .
as in more than one flower ? ''
the collar was buttoned and embroidered with blue flowers .
jeisa took the flowers .
every corner of her office was full of flowers from the andrades , chocolates from maddy , and cards from both her american and brazilian friends .
the waiting room was overflowing with flowers , friends , and family .
they was flowers in her backseat .
we considered that maybe the flowers were some kind of memorial to herself - like a funeral arrangement or something .
she was cryptic , sure , but if you 're going to plan your suicide down to the flowers , you probably have a plan as to how you 're actually going to die , and alaska had no way of knowing a police car was going to present itself on i-65 for the occasion .
jake calls , and she talks to him , and she 's doodling , and she looks at her white flower , and ' oh god my mom liked white flowers and put them in my hair when i was little , ' and then she flips out .
grey wished to speak , but anger and brandy and grief - for weber , for percy , for von namtzen , and not least for himself - seized in his throat , bitter as the smell of the chinese flowers .
peering downward , he saw a heap of wilted flowers , white and yellow , fallen to the ground .
she managed through her giggles , shielding the red velvet flowers on her very stylish hat from the blowing rain with a spread fan .
it was near twilight , but the place glowed like a king 's treasure , reds and pinks and whites and yellows glimmering in an emerald jungle in the dusk , and the air flooded in upon him , moist and caressing , filled with the scents of flowers and leaves , herbs and vegetables .
she wo n't come for the table flowers ' til he 's done , and he 's doing de bello gallico ; he never gets past fere libenter homines i d quod volunt credunt without losing his place and having to start over . ''
grey lay wrapped in his cloak in a shallow declivity , his rustic couch lined thick with grass and tiny star - shaped flowers , wondering whether he was about to die .
god willing , we will meet there and , with our other friends , see the green branch burst into flower .
this close , it was still the song of spring , but that song was revealed to be what the pagans had always known it to be - the blind urge to seize , to mate , to spill blood and seed heedlessly into the earth , wallow in crushed flowers , writhe in the juices of grass and mud .
twelvetrees stood at the far side , under some kind of tree flocked with white blossoms .
heaving the bucket out , he spotted a large red flower fallen to the ground ... some kind of hibiscus hybrid .
noticing his interest , the boy carefully gathered the flower up .
` ` flower ? ''
it 'd be more fun to see her reactions in person , to watch her cheeks blossom in pink .
opening the door wider to accommodate him , the concierge wheeled in a cart and unloaded several items onto the table : a glass vase of flowers , a six - pack of hap and harry 's tennessee lager - one of my favorites from home - and a white bakery box full of blueberry muffins .
desire was unfurling inside her , opening like a flower .
whether she would do so when watched by a huge crowd was another question , but she was undeniably adorable in her long , blush pink dress , with ribbons and flowers in her silky black hair .
barrie stooped in front of nick , straightening the ribbons in her hair and at last placing the basket of flower petals in the eager , dimpled little hands .
when she saw maris get the bouquet that had so fascinated her earlier , with all the ` ` pwetty '' flowers and lace and ribbons , she squirmed away from sam 's grip on her hand and moved to where she had a better view of the situation , her little head cocked to the side as she intently watched .
i pulled away from him to accept the flowers , relieved to hear his words .
the spicy smell of her shampoo , flowers and herbs and cinnamon dancing with her natural oils .
from the trickling water , to the flowers and bamboo and the resemblance to an old japanese hut in the mountains .
she busied herself with the flowers as sawyer uncorked the champagne and poured .
fresh flowers made up the centerpiece .
champagne chilled in delicate flutes and bouquets of flowers filled the room with exotic scents .
finally , he nodded , then shut down the blossom of tenderness like a delicate flower ripped from the stem .
finally , he nodded , then shut down the blossom of tenderness like a delicate flower ripped from the stem .
heels and heart dragging , she joined the group of women ready to vie for the tossed flowers .
i 'd love to receive some flowers now and then .
in front of her , a vase with a single flower caught the light of a small burning candle .
` ` how do you like the flowers ? ''
turego lunged to one side , looking for cover , but the pistol spat fire , and a small red flower bloomed high on turego 's right shoulder , sending him tumbling back through the door .
despite the odor of exhaust fumes she could smell the sweetness of orange blossoms , and grant was warm beside her , his strong leg pressed against hers .
trees and flowers dappled the lush slope of green grass with shadows and brilliant splashes of color .
moonlight seeped around the cascading water to dimly illuminate her surroundings , and a gentle breeze wafted in , carrying the scent of flowers .
multicolor bouquets were considered in poor taste in monaco , so candace had chosen all white flowers .
she closed her eyes and let the words rain down over her heart like velvety smooth flower petals , relishing each one , holding them close so she would have them later when she needed them .
again and again , like a butterfly flitting from flower to flower , he sampled the sweetness of the nectar from her br**sts until he was pleasurably sated .
as promised , catherine arrived later that evening , her arms filled with a giant stuffed panda and a large vase of bright flowers .
the altar was decorated with brilliant red poinsettias , and although royce was n't much into flowers , he was impressed with the traditional christmas flower that crowded every square inch of floor space around the altar .
it was white with red hibiscus flowers on it , and the color combination made her hair look more blond than brown .
the air smelled of cedar and flowers .
he held out the flowers and waited for her to smile back .
` ` but on closer inspection we can see this is n't the type of flower arrangement leo orders .
besides all that , zoe smelled terrific , like flowers and honey and sex .
a flower in spring .
she smiled and turned her gaze to the beautiful land covered in green and budding flowers .
lights hung from the eaves , illuminating baskets of flowers .
a single rose lay on the industrial gray carpeting , stepped on , its bright red blossom tattered and torn .
the ravine between the road and the broken tree was strewn with bouquets of flowers , stuffed animals , high school pennants , and photos of mia .
friends and neighbors had layered the entrance with flowers .
her voice caught , and she hated how overwhelmed she felt when she looked at these flowers .
it took concentration just to breathe with the cloying scent of all these flowers .
every now and then a pink blossom floated over the skeletal mountain of razor wire and landed on the ground like an impossibly kept promise .
a bunch of glittery gold stuff framed the oval mirror - bracelets and metal flowers and sparkly rainbows .
it was a riotous mess of flowers and branches and leaves , without order or care .
along the split - rail fence line , roses grew wild , their leggy green branches climbing over one another like adolescent boys offering bright pink flowers to a girl .
there were flowers everywhere - blooming in spite of her absence , their colorful blossoms tangling up with one another .
close your eyes and it 's a rosebush blooming in time lapse so that its shoots and blossoms flow outward in a swift choreography of growth and collapse , twine and coil , release and fade .
' i have never seen so many flowers all together , have you , your grace ? '
it is only - i have never received so much as a single bunch of freshly picked spring flowers from a gentleman before , let alone so many beautiful displays . '
the dowager duchess 's private parlour was awash with the vases of flowers that had been delivered throughout the day , following the royston ball the evening before .
notably , she had not received so much as a single blossom from the duke of royston .
oh , no , that top - lofty gentleman would never deign to send a woman flowers , not even to his ward as a mark of the success of her introduction into society .
justin considered flowers as being somehow more personal , a gift chosen for the woman herself , rather than with an eye to how much money they might cost .
stately old homes kept in pristine condition surrounded by palm trees and colorful flowers gave you a sense of being transported to another time and place .
tongue dancing , he parted her closed lips and deepened the kiss as her hands wrapped around his waist , her body beneath his , still curled in a ball but unfurling as he made her blossom .
it 's lavender with little yellow flowers - just like your mom 's garden will be - and a matching yellow hat . ''
everything looked so pretty ; there were fresh flowers in a vase on the table , and the windows were open .
on the table was a polished silver water pitcher full of fern fronds and white blossoms .
annie gazed at him across the flowers .
it was a pink and white gingham with a white lace underskirt and a pale blue yoke embroidered with tiny pink and white flowers .
nick and annie and izzy rode bicycles and collected wildflowers and made crowns from the dainty purple and white flowers that had opened during the night .
she felt it blossom again at his words , that delicate bud of intimacy that had drawn them together last night .
a bright yellow house sat primly amid a front yard awash in brightly colored flowers .
the windows glowed with golden light , and a riot of colorful flowers hugged the latticework below the wrap - around porch .
afterward , when the first flower had bloomed , she and izzy and nick had sat in the garden in a darkening night and shared their memories of kathy .
and since then , izzy said that every new blossom reminded her of her mommy .
out of the corner of his eye , he saw a bank of beautiful delicate yellow flowers along the edge of the road .
the flowers were fading now at the end of summer , and autumn colors - orange and green and scarlet - had replaced the bright hues of august .
i sent flowers every week .
` ` a seventeen - year - old girl needs a lot more than flowers from her father 's secretary every friday . ''
there would be alpine mountainsides where the snow was five feet deep , where tiny purple flowers would still bloom amid the whiteness , against all the laws of nature .
liam had every intention of forcing him to choose between hiding behind his walls or watching raine blossom under another man 's dominance .
she took a moment to glance at the hundreds of neat rows of apple trees , all in fragrant blossom .
although most of the orchards were miles out of town , she could ' ve sworn that when she inhaled deeply she caught a whiff of apple blossoms .
perhaps she 'd feared she might never want to leave if she came while the white and pink blossoms perfumed the air .
in each , a profusion of flowers adorned the headstone .
colby asked valerie when she arrived at the hospital the next morning , carrying an armful of apple blossoms for the nurses ' station .
she shifted the spray of apple blossoms , conscious of their heady aroma in the antiseptic - smelling hospital corridor .
she looked at the blooming apple orchard , breathed in the scent of pink and white blossoms perfuming the air .
he 's called nearly every day and sent flowers and ... and valerie 's so vulnerable right now .
wild rhododendrons blossomed along the side of the road , their bright pink flowers a colorful contrast to the lush green foliage .
the ground in the mountains was impassable during the winter ; the high passes still held snow , and the lower slopes had only begun to green and blossom in the last few weeks .
he thought of jemmy 's lip , tender as a blossom , pierced by needle and black thread , and shuddered .
desolate in the bleakness of winter , the secluded notch where amy mccallum 's ramshackle cabin perched among the laurels was a blaze of color and life in spring and summer - so vivid that even his worry could n't stop his noticing the blaze of pinks and reds , interrupted by soft patches of creamy dogwood and carpets of bluets , their tiny blue flowers nodding on slender stems above the torrent of the stream that bounded down beside the rocky trail .
a sea of tartan flowed across the grass , the ladies ' parasols raised against the sun , a field of brightly colored flowers .
` ` old bits of used paper , old rags of cloth , bits of yarn or thread , some of the softer sorts of leaves or flowers .
` ` no , i ken what you mean by that - roger mac showed me the wee picture ye drew for jem , all tiny things like dragonflies , prinking in the flowers ... ... '' he made an uncouth noise in the back of his throat .
she considered whether to add more of the dilute sulfuric acid solution , but decided against it , and instead reached into the bowl at her side , filled with the limp petals of dogwood and redbud flowers gathered for her by jemmy and aidan .
the shade they cast provided refuge for immense bushy growths of the pernicious thing i called ` ` jewelweed , '' not knowing its real name , for the tiny white flowers that winked like diamond clusters in the feathery green fronds .
the silver one on her right hand was especially striking ; a wide jacobean band in the highland interlace pattern , embellished with thistle blossoms .
a small heap of greenish - gray twigs lay there ; a few early spring flowers mingled , wilted , with the twigs .
it was lined with white fired - porcelain jars , each ornamented with gilded curlicues , painted flowers and beasts , and a label , written in elaborate black script .
jamie on the right , eyes wide and face pale as the hawthorn blossoms above him .
it would be a beautiful day , i could tell , the spring air ripening with warmth , and the plum blossoms bursting pink and white and bee - rich in the gardens of versailles .
i lay awake at night , gazing at the white - gesso ceiling with its furbishes of fruit and flowers .
one short - nailed finger traced the lines of my wedding ring , with its interlaced links and thistle blossoms .
seldom speaking , he had a slow , shy smile that blossomed out of his beard like a night - blooming flower , rare but radiant .
the skin between breastbone and kilt was mottled with a large fresh bruise , spreading like a large , unsightly blossom on his fair skin .
spanish , italian , japanese cherry blossom festivals - you would n't believe all the cameras them japs have , you just would n't believe it . ''
from the screen of trees near the river , a brick walk swept up through a broad array of formal lawns and gardens , splitting in two to circle paired marble statues that stood in their own beds of flowers , then joining again and fanning out in a broad piazza in front of an imposing two - storied house , colonnaded and multichimneyed .
a large knitting basket full of yarn balls sat on a small table of polished wood , beside a glass vase spilling summer flowers and a small , ornate silver bell ; a spinning wheel turned slowly by itself in the breeze from the open french doors .
and so for myself , rather than for her , i knelt by her body and scattered herbs : fragrant and bitter , leaves of rue and hyssop flowers , rosemary , thyme and lavender .
the overwhelming hot resins of the pine trees gave way to lighter , more varied scents , tree leaves mingled with whiffs of the shrubs and flowers that grew from every crevice of the craggy rocks .
with vague thoughts of mowgli and the red flower , i scrabbled madly over the damp earth in the clearing , finding nothing but small pieces of charred stick and glowing embers that blistered my fingers but were too small to grip .
in answer , he bent , plucked a sprig from the ground , and dropped it into my hand - the dark green leaves like small round chinese fans , a pure white flower on a slender stem , and on another a half - ripe berry , its shoulders pale with shade , blushing crimson at the tip .
` ` flowers , fruit and leaves all together at the one time .
the white flowers are for honor , and red fruit for courage - and the green leaves are for constancy . ''
and then we shared the fruit and flowers , and the green leaves covering all .
her hair smelled cold and sweet , with the last traces of incense trapped in the heavy strands , blending with the fragrance of grass and jasmine flowers .
more clinking , and he emerged at last with his hands full of things , including a towel and the bottle full of the shampoo i had made - not wishing to wash my hair with lye soap - from soaproot , lupin oil , walnut leaves and calendula flowers .
also , with many plants , it was the flower , fruit , or seed that yielded a useful substance , and while i 'd spotted clumps of turtlehead and lobelia sprouting in the mud along the path , those had long since gone to seed .
she looked where he pointed , up the tangled slope of rock and heather , the hillside a riot of tiny flowers .
there was no sign of a cave , but the gorse bush stood out in a blaze of yellow blossom , brilliant as a torch .
there were small buzzings in the gorse bush nearby , of bees working the yellow flowers , dusty with pollen .
then the cool luxury of the big , breezy house , filled with the scent of beeswax and flowers .
there were certainly bees in the flowers ; close enough , and she could hear the hum .
each time , jamie cast to and fro , finding another patch of flowers .
` ` the hummingbirds drink from the long - throated flowers , '' he explained .
they like the broad , flat flowers like this , and the ones that grow in heavy bunches .
) , the strange wrinkled silk that grew taut and smooth , filled her hand rising , silent and incredible as the stalk of a night - blooming flower that opens as you watch .
slow tiny blossoms of brilliant red unfolding in a graceful curve across his temple , japanese water flowers blooming on a field of fresh - bruised blue .
slow tiny blossoms of brilliant red unfolding in a graceful curve across his temple , japanese water flowers blooming on a field of fresh - bruised blue .
` ` they are n't flowers , they 're specimens .
` ` mrs . randall 's made some lovely bits out of mallow blossoms , and violets , same as you could put in a frame and hang on the wall , like . ''
lamb's - quarters and cinquefoil were already blooming , and i could see the buds of sweet broom swelling ; another week and they 'd be in flower .
no , probably not ; this had orange centers to the deep blue flowers .
he laid me carefully back in the grass , the feathery blossoms of the cow parsley seeming to float in the air around his head .
numerous marigolds were scattered throughout the garden , bursting into golden flower .
since i gathered no sense from the talk , it was as soothing as listening to bees humming in the heather blossoms .
` ` and did you know that these '' -she stooped and came up with a handful of tiny blue flowers with heart - shaped leaves- '' will start bleeding ? ''
most of the cherry blossoms had fallen from his head by now ; only a few pink petals clung to his shoulders , and i reached out to brush them away .
last time i walked such a path , the ground was littered with sandwich wrappers and cigarette butts instead of mallow blossoms and violets .
it must be hundreds of years old , much older even than the giant rowan tree that shaded the spring and cast its white flowers into the black water .
the flowers had changed from the fragile pinks and whites of may blossom and violets to the warmer golds and yellows of gorse and broom .
the flowers had changed from the fragile pinks and whites of may blossom and violets to the warmer golds and yellows of gorse and broom .
it was a warm day , redolent with grass and flower scents .
the hands opened slowly , like a night - blooming flower , to show the callused palms within .
i had thought the purple flowers were those of nightshade , but surely that could n't be .
` ` flowers of laudanum , '' she read from the label .
a small metal incense burner , shaped like an open blossom .
looking up , i could see the low roof beams , black with soot and thick with clusters of smoked , dried fish , split and bound stiffly in bunches , like the petals of large ugly flowers .
the notion had n't crossed my mind consciously , but must have been lurking somewhere in my subconscious , for i was not startled at his question , and at the speaking , the idea sprang into full flower .
sex was in the air ; i could smell it , under the heady fragrances of spring flowers and cooking food .
only the fact that river run was in the piedmont had allowed us to come to jocasta 's wedding ; down here , the woods were cloudy with blossom and crocuses popped through the earth like orange and purple dragon's - teeth , but the mountains were still cloaked in snow , the tree branches sporting swollen buds .
i smelled gin on his breath , and saw it in the blossoms of burst blood vessels in his nose and cheeks .
it was april , warm for the season , and claire 's garden was rampant with growth : green spikes and sprouting leaves and small brilliant flowers , climbing vines that twisted up the palisades and opened silent white trumpets slowly above him as he worked in the gathering twilight .
i did n't normally wear perfume , but i had a special oil , sent from the indies , made with orange flowers , jasmine , vanilla beans , and cinnamon .
she flashed him a beautiful smile and reached for the flowers .
` ` thanks so much for the flowers ! ''
she loved the dainty blue flowers on the creamy porcelain background and wondered if she 'd ever feel like it was truly hers to use .
as the blossom reached full bloom , aundy upended the box of men 's clothes she 'd just carefully packed onto the bed and began searching through the items .
buttoning a navy calico dress sprigged with dainty pink flowers , she ran her hand down the fabric .
she 'd traded the dress he 'd teased her about earlier for a soft pink gown that put rosy blossoms in each cheek and made her lips look ripe for the picking .
taking a deep breath , he glanced across the room at a painting of fruit and flowers .
window boxes filled with flowers brightened the view , and a man wearing a beret rode past on a bicycle .
vibrant paintings of oriental flowers pulsed with life .
boulders lined the edge in a half - moon , and pink flowers bloomed around them , a perfect frame .
concentrating with more focus than he 'd ever had to use before , aidan took over the dream , altering their surroundings , creating a circular room lit by candles and scented with exotic flowers .
her wandering gaze noted the profusion of hibiscus flowers adorning water - filled glass jars and the soft violet glow given off by oil - burning lanterns .
needing coffee desperately , lyssa dressed in a cotton mini - dress decorated with soft pastel flowers .
a cool breeze blew past him , carrying the scent of fragrant night - blooming flowers .
it was spring , and the plethora of pale blossoms crowding the branches practically glowed in the moonlight .
then i come home and my mom even has a big bouquet of flowers and a heart shaped box sitting on the table from her boyfriend .
a smal , round table stood in the center of the room , boasting an incredible vase that held beautiful , long - stemmed flowers .
the long , twenty - story adobe building spreads out prettily over a desert landscape , surrounded by blossoming cacti with flowers so ginormous and bright , i have the urge to go and touch - just to make sure they 're not plastic .
elena rose and went to examine the flowers .
' do you know , i ca n't recall the last time i saw flowers like these .
the room was hot now , the air heavy with the scent of beeswax and flowers and perfume .
even now , hours later , he could remember in vivid detail the way she 'd started to unfold and blossom right before his eyes .
she pressed her fingertips to the center of her forehead , where she could feel a headache beginning to blossom , and refused to let herself look at him .
the only snafu of the day was that it had n't been delivered with the other flowers .
gabby expected one of her friends , but as evan pulled the door the rest of the way open , a petite , unfamiliar gray - haired woman walk timidly into the room , flowers and a pink gift box in her hands .
when she trudged home that evening , she found a huge bouquet of flowers at her door .
-gabe she had to bite back the childish urge to trash the flowers .
and if that was n't enough , he bombarded her constantly with flowers and gifts .
heaven scent looked like a garden , with potted flowers blooming throughout the space .
even the boutique name was spelled out in stylized leaves and flowers created in hammered brass .
the softly spoken words came as more of a shock than the flowers .
as the woman uncorked it , meg said , ` ` thank you again , joe , for the flowers .
` ` flowers and chocolate , '' she muttered .
the event was a crush , therefore the room was hot and , despite the profusion of flowers , smelly as well .
each table was decorated with a cheerful yellow - and - white - checked tablecloth and a small vase of fresh flowers .
every table was decorated with a vase of fresh flowers and a bright , cheery yellow tablecloth .
the grounds were well tended , and flowers bloomed nearby , making the air smell sweet .
the grounds here were parklike - perfectly trimmed grass interspersed with beds of flowers and huge , towering trees covered the land .
he stepped forward and the ground beneath her feet filled with soft grass , blooming with flowers .
more chairs had to be brought in , a band had to be hired , flowers had to be ordered , and a printer had to be found who could print the invitations immediately .
or her favorite hand cream , japanese cherry blossom shea cashmere , the smell of which was usually hidden by her perfume ?
bees and butterflies danced from blossom to blossom .
bees and butterflies danced from blossom to blossom .
adrian stepped around from behind an apple tree that was thick with pink and white flowers .
it had orange and yellow flowers shaped like trumpets .
his eyes were still on the vine 's blossoms .
like ink spreading across paper , the ivory fabric turned the same shade of rich indigo as the vine 's blossoms .
the court was a collection of buildings , beautiful and ornate , spreading across well - tended grounds adorned with trees and flowers .
huge pods formed along the sides as it grew , bursting open to reveal fragrant white flowers .
i expected flowers to burst into bloom around us .
leaves and tiny white flowers appeared .
she opened for him like a blossom , heat for heat , her tongue as demanding as his own .
he could n't be bothered with our names , so he called us flowers and seasons and things like rain and storm . ''
a faerie could be convinced ( or bargained with ) to give a human a token of safe passage - usually something like a leaf or a flower .
she gathered them and buried her nose in the fragrant blossoms .
kenny is an exotic flower in a sea of common houseplants .
the flowers feel foreign in my hand , like i ' ve donned a costume and this is just some prop .
i had never seen so many flowers .
the grass was green and lush , the trees leafed out , flowers were in bloom .
spring had flipped her skirts to show her petticoats of flowers and greenery , luring everyone into a giddy hope they had seen the last of winter , but as usual she had just been teasing , the bitch .
the seasons changed as she drove , winter loosening its grip more and more the farther south she went , and it was intennessee , in mid - february , that she saw the first flower blooming .
* * * the june morning was bright and sunny , the flowers in full bloom .
grace carried two bouquets of spring flowers , daisies and lilies and bright yellow primroses making a gay splash of color in her arms .
but inside the tractor barn , old - fashioned lanterns , flowers and western paraphernalia had transformed the space into a warm and welcoming venue .
they 'd discussed the wedding dress , the bridesmaids , the flowers , the invitations .
travis reached for the flowers again , trying to keep his thoughts at bay , knowing there were some things he could n't talk about .
he helped her pick out the invitations , the flowers , and the cake ; he sat beside her as she flipped through albums in downtown studios , hoping to find the right photographer to memorialize the day .
thanks for the flowers , by the way .
the sun shone bright , flowers were blooming , and the day would pass with a careless ease that had been impossible to imagine the winter before .
he is showered with flowers as he moves toward the microphone .
she hesitated before taking the flowers , wishing he had n't brought them .
featuring large shady trees , a play area for the kids , and lots of flowers , it did n't seem crowded : a few mothers were clustered together , while children zipped down the slide or glided back and forth on the swings .
she carried two vases of flowers .
that each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals .
he got to the point where he could name every tree and flower there was , every type of car , every kind of airplane ... his vocabulary was huge , but he still did n't have the ability to understand that language was actually used for something .
all along the footpath , a sea of orange and yellow blossoms bloomed , their colors spectacular .
denise bent and plucked a blossom , bringing it to her nose .
when she agreed , joe picked a dozen blossoms and handed them to her , but strangely , she recoiled , refusing to take them .
when he was finished , taylor bent and picked a few more of the blossoms , then handed the bunch to denise .
the next few days passed uneventfully , except , of course , for the flowers that arrived the day after their argument .
thousands of flowers . ''
jane and anna had gone in search of flowers for the bouquets ; later in the afternoon , they planned to swing by noah 's house .
she was wearing a blouse with purple flowers on it , and she looked so happy to see us .
what she 'd asked for back then had been quite simple : overwhelmed with the new burdens of motherhood , she 'd wanted to feel like a woman again , at least for an evening , and had dropped various hints in advance about what such a romantic evening might entail - clothes laid out on the bed for her , flowers , a limousine to whisk us to a quiet restaurant , a table with a lovely view , quiet conversation without worrying that she had to rush home .
there were other items , too - dried flowers and newspaper clippings about allie 's shows , special gifts from the children , the edition of leaves of grass by walt whitman that had been his companion throughout world war ii .
new sheets and blankets that i 'd brought from home were placed on the beds ; meanwhile nathan brought in fresh flowers for every room in the house .
beneath the inky sky , the tent glowed white , and the floodlights in the garden cast fingerlike shadows while illuminating the color of the rose blossoms .
and everywhere we gazed , there were flowers .
unlike many of the cultural artifacts , it had n't been destroyed in the war and it seemed to occupy a central place in the heart of cambodians , surrounded as it was by hundreds of small offerings of flowers .
lush with trees , fountains , winding paths , and flowers , there was also a full - service health spa , tennis courts , fitness center , and swimming pool .
like the hall of mirrors - only on a much larger and grander scale - the taj mahal is adorned with precious and semiprecious stones , inlaid in the shapes of flowers and vines .
they spent a little more than an hour running among the flowers .
it was intricately worked with gold and green leaves and bejeweled flowers .
harry , bless his heart , dutifully stepped forward , camera in hand , and flashed two or three photos of the couple posing in front of what might have been a red flower or a painting of a squished tomato or possibly the aftermath of a murder scene .
sophie and bruce arrived at six , bringing flowers and chocolate - dipped strawberries for dessert .
if this worked , he figured he 'd send madame evangeline a crap load of flowers .
the queen smiled at me over the flowers in the center of the table .
people lined the roadway with signs and flowers .
` ` pollinate a few flowers and such . ''
cathy was grumbling about flowers and ribbon last week .
dean had sent flowers and a nice little card .
in another two weeks there would be saucer - size blossoms crawling up the trellises and along the picket fence .
wisteria grew along the posts that supported the roof 's overhang and festooned the upper timbers with fragrant white flowers .
dean stepped forward and handed her the flowers .
ropey brown clematis vines framed the double doors ; in a few short months , they would again produce a riot of green leaves and purple blossoms .
each morning , michael would arrive at her bedroom door with a fresh bouquet of flowers for her .
he brought her flowers , listened to her with interest and treated her with respect .
she was well aware that he 'd been giving mrs . bell flowers too in the course of the past week and could see that he was clearly more than just a little delighted to see his efforts pay off .
silver tinsel embroidery dotted the fine fabric - a wide border of the glittering needlework adorning the hem in depiction of wispy , springtime bouquets above a wavy border of flowers .
it was made from the finest white indian muslin , beautifully embroidered with little white flowers that flowed in a wide panel from the bustline to the hem .
you must have made quite an impression last night at richmond house - these flowers have been arriving all morning .
she had received enough flowers to open up her own shop , but what did that matter when the only man who interested her had sought her companionship with an ulterior motive in mind ?
` ` it seems to me that you might be needing more than just a ring and some flowers . ''
joy flickered across her heart as her orgasm swelled and then burst around her like flowers opening to the sun 's rays .
newly dug dirt lay atop the small mound and a huge assortment of flowers decorated the area .
lyric remembered picking them in the spring and her mother 's bright smile when she 'd taken the limp flowers from lyric 's two - fisted grip .
that being the case , balan supposed he should be happy she was placing lucky charms about the room and not decorating their chamber with the white maney flower of the hawthorne , which he knew was unlucky .
she sits several rows up and her cheeks blossom when she meets my eyes .
little by little , i ' m watching her blossom and it 's beautiful .
paenknelt there for quite awhile , gobbling upthe berriesone afterthe other like a bee sucking the nectar from a flower ... until he heard acracklingin the bushes to hisright .
the landau ride was a bit better , as the open top helped to dissipate the scent of exotic flowers .
` ` blue flowers , pel . ''
she glanced at the planters by the street , and saw the blue flowers .
it was the sounds of industrious servants in the bathing chamber that first raised gerard 's eyelids , but it was the scent of sex and exotic flowers that raised the rest of him .
the air around them was redolent of sex and exotic flowers , and he felt like he was in heaven .
it was indeed a praiseworthy property with its lovely golden brick exterior and profusion of colorful flowers and climbing vines .
what pain there was faded and pleasure blossomed , unfurling like a flower so that she did not realize how she arched up to meet his downward thrusts until he spoke .
with his arms filled with alluring softness , his nostrils filled with exotic flowers and aroused woman , his taste buds soaked in rich flavor , gerard was left with no doubt that he loved isabel more than anything .
azaleas , their withering blossoms lush and untamed , competed with the kudzu for sunlight , obscuring the view on either side .
amanda stared at dawson in wonder , then at the field of flowers again .
a small , winding pathway was visible through the flowers .
she could feel the strength of that promise now , filling the distance between them as they drifted through the flowers .
and part of me wants to remember it just like it was today , with the flowers in full bloom . ''
when dawson did n't respond , she nodded at the flowers .
` ` it was n't until the flowers stopped arriving that i realized it was you .
with hair that indescribable color , like sunlight and moonlight woven together , and a face like a flower , and eyes like green jewels , diana resembled something from a fairy tale or legend more than a real person .
she scattered bright - colored dried flowers in the steaming water .
and to her vast relief she glimpsed a sleek auburn crop and a head of long , light - brown hair interwoven with tiny flowers .
the last of the herbs had been gathered , and the house was decorated with autumn flowers , marigolds and purple asters .
she was wearing a garland of leaves and silk flowers on her head .
she leaned in closer to adam , head drooping like a flower on a slender stem , feeling the first easy tears come .
i know your first time should be with some guy you ' ve been mooning over for months , who has bought you flowers and candy and pretends to like the same movies you like .
the material was gold foil , which showed a subtle pattern of flowers and leaves when the light hit it the right way - almost like tapestry .
brian blinked at the flowers , then shook his head slightly .
` ` these flowers are beautiful , '' she said hastily .
it was a marble - topped buffet with huge urns of flowers on either side .
jenny concentrated on identifying the flowers , one by one .
the lovely pale flowers with their golden sheen .
it was the rose he had given her in the erlking 's cavern , a shimmering half - open blossom , perfect down to the tiniest detail .
` ` i used the dried flowers in the poultice so it would n't smell so dreadful this time . ''
for what seemed like hours , moira wove tiny flowers into a loose braid down her back .
her back was to him so all he could see of her was a slim outline and lovely reddish - blond hair that fell in a thick braid to her waist and was ornamented with tiny blue flowers .
her glorious red - gold hair fell in loose tendrils to her waist , and there were tiny blue flowers in it like the ones she had worn at mingary castle .
i kept looking at the flowers .
after about ten seconds , my lungs felt like they were folding in upon themselves like flowers at dusk .
` ` flowers for you , '' lea said from nicole 's doorway late monday afternoon.nicole looked up .
nor was she the type of woman who regularly - if ever - received flowers from an admirer .
audrey 's skin , usually pale as magnolia blossoms , was touched with a golden glow from the candles , and her auburn hair flashed copper .
the whole area was decorated with flowers .
and she only snorted when one offered her a garland of flowers to wear .
there were lacy falls of angel hair , and huge columns covered with formations like exquisite flowers or the gills of mushrooms .
half opened , the blossom shimmered in her hands .
but it was n't a flower , it was the wrong shape .
jenny gave herself up to it , and the kiss opened like a slow - blooming flower .
over the fireplace were sprays of dried flowers and plants , which gave off a pleasant fragrance .
cassie said , nibbling again as she pointed to some bright yellow buttons of flowers .
she pointed to some creamy white flowers that twined up other bushes .
bud and blossom , leaf and tree , find him , bind him , now to me .
` ` but what it really needs is a full course of crystals and flower essences , and then to be buried in moist sand for a few weeks . ''
` ` and those over there with the white flowers are dogwoods . ''
jenny 's flashlight beam made a white circle on it , catching something that looked like a small yellow flower .
a smashed flower .
a lock of hair had fallen into his eyes , white as the dogwood blossoms jenny had seen by the highway .
` ` i did n't , uh , expect ... . '' he did n't move other than a slow blink and two twirls of the flower .
the final paperwork sealing this marriage waited in front of him by the blob of yellow - and - orange flowers .
lucy 's eyes dropped down to the flowers in her hand .
he closed the last few steps between them , flowers extended .
` ` the flowers are lovely but you ' ve already given me exactly what speaks to my soul .
the flowers are lavender .
the table for two had been set with flowers and a candle in a hurricane globe .
the furniture was still wearing summer slipcovers , the fabric all abloom with riotous red and yellow and purple flowers against a background of large green leaves .
the flowers were no longer in bloom , but as they walked among the giant oaks with their low - slung branches draped in spanish moss , ronnie thought that she 'd never been anywhere more beautiful .
posters of farm animals , flowers , birds and fish graced another wall .
a twisted flower , a tiny swirled d. he 'd never known what it meant , as he 'd been told that his father 's name was john augustus cavendish , no capital d 's to be found anywhere .
the blossoms , too .
with a capital l and swirly script and hearts and flowers and whatever else the angels - and yes , all those annoying little cupids - wished to use for embellishment .
you know how marvelous lincolnshire is when all the flowers are in bloom .
and look at those flowers !
there were always candles or flowers or those girly dishes of petals and scent there .
cybil paused again , but this time to watch the iridescent flash of a hummingbird outside the window as it dived to the heart of a bold red blossom .
cybil continued to watch as the jeweled bird darted to another blossom .
they lighted the candles , and sprinkled the flowers and herbs over the ground where gage had fallen .
fox brought you flowers .
flowering trees line each side and white blossoms drift through the air , padding the stone lane beneath us with a thick blanket of petals .
rolling hills surround us , swaying trees encircle us and the smell of fresh flowers assails my senses .
we 're hidden behind flower vines now , a good distance from the house beneath our own little canopy of white flowers .
his lips feathered over hers , lifted and returned once , twice , each caress as gentle as a butterfly touching down on a blossom .
her gaze snapped from the profusion of brightly colored potted flowers intermingled with odd - looking cacti to him .
instead of a veil , a ring of flowers intertwined with pearls circled carly 's head .
and here , on the other side , was athena , the gray - eyed goddess of wisdom , and persephone , fresh - faced and elfin and surrounded by blooming flowers .
my mom says with a laugh , and then she removes an arrangement of flowers and a bottle of white wine from the refrigerator .
veronica answers , but she smiles when she sees the flowers and the wine .
` ` thanks for the wine and flowers ! ''
the sole focus is supposed to be diminishing depression through use of the body , but judges award a wreath of flowers to the second - best dance routine and a golden trophy to the first - place dance routine .
a huge chandelier dangles above us , and the ceiling is not just a regular ceiling , but has all sorts of plaster flowers and angels and other fancy things sticking out of it .
kids from the high school made our front lawn into a living memorial - they stood on the sidewalk with candles and flowers .
he gets to his feet and holds the flowers out for me to take .
it 's white with pink flowers and has tiny diamantes sewn in .
` ` did you seriously get a bouquet of flowers from the president ? ''
i watched her put the card back in with the flowers and sit down in the chair by my bed .
there are fairy lights woven around it , intricate with white and pink flowers , dressing it up to beautiful .
thankfully it was already clean and curly , so she pinned some tiny diamante flowers in , pulling a few strands back from off my face .
he was also clutching a wilted bunch of flowers in one hand and gaily wrapped square box in the other .
he reached over and took the truffles and flowers from her arms .
rich , vibrant flowers formed a carpet that led from the road to the flat , plain that seemed to go on for days .
two minutes later , annabelle rushed in , heels clicking on the cheap linoleum tiles , carrying a massive bouquet of flowers .
a soft bed of grass surrounded the lagoon , and flowers made a colorful landscape just beyond .
white picket fencing entwined with bright flowers , their colorful faces attended to by bees and butterflies and fairies .
the first week it was up , a dozen flowers appeared on it , single blossoms left by people who remembered .
purple cabbagelike flowers bloomed along the walkway , created a stream of color against the winter - dead ground .
the air smelled of fresh flowers , and salt water , and kelp baking beneath a hot sun .
` ` the flowers are beautiful , '' lauren said , reaching for his hand .
being with her was like walking along green lake in the middle of august , when the air carried the scent of blooming flowers and sunshine warmed the afternoon .
the flowers might not have been to her taste , but at least they were from cole .
relaxed and more sleepy than she had a right to be , she murmured , ` ` i never thanked you for the flowers .
but procedure was procedure , and if the guy was cocky enough to send the lead detective flowers , he was cocky enough to make a mistake .
` ` you just do n't like the idea of another man sending me flowers . ''
` ` he sent you flowers , genevieve .
then i reached behind the flowers and picked up my guitar .
like flowers and sunshine . ''
` ` these are for you , '' he added and handed her the flowers .
for a day , she 'd taken up residence at the blossom as one of the girls .
she 'd worked at the blossom , of all places -- the town whorehouse .
unbidden , the image of newt and isabel in a room up at the blossom came to him .
he was at the blossom when i was ... '' the sentence trailed off .
` ` when duster 's not at the blossom , he 's at the republic . ''
except for that night in the blossom , she had n't sat with him for a long spell and had a conversation .
` ` was n't me who worked at the blossom . ''
` ` i suspect all of limonero knows exactly what kind of place the blossom is .
` ` you and him at the blossom . ''
` ` i was down on my luck and the blossom seemed a sure way to improve it .
the skirt was lemon yellow and the bodice had white lace all over the top and straps -- like blossoms .
he was picturing isabel in a yellow dress and smelling like lemon blossoms .
she called me miss lemon blossom .
i thought working at the blossom could give it to me . ''
monkey flowers thick with sticky foliage and trumpet - shaped flowers in a colorful profusion bookended the house 's sides leading to the front path .
monkey flowers thick with sticky foliage and trumpet - shaped flowers in a colorful profusion bookended the house 's sides leading to the front path .
in fact , john was only the second person she had told , duster being the first , in that long night spent at the blossom 's kitchen table .
hibiscus flowers were in bloom in every color .
pink flowers had been pinned in various places , adding a sweet softness he longed to breathe in .
a natural hedge of tree mallow acted as a wind break , its rosy lavender hollyhock flowers in bloom and fragrantly mingling on the sea air .
lemon blossom petals from the sun- blessed groves .
it was a flurry of flowers that looked like real snow .
the road became covered with a snowfall of white blossoms .
he stood with blossoms dusting his shoulders and hat , softness sifting on a man who 'd shown her softness ... kindness ... love .
sixteen years old and totally in love with the boy , quinn had arrived with flowers and a cake , much as she had seen her mother do when there had been a death in a neighbor 's family .
there is n't a bouquet of flowers big enough for margie right now .
inside the box was a small glass bowl filled with dried herbs and flowers .
a wreath of spring flowers adorned her head .
their reaction to the flowers was immediate , and shepley and i were grinning like idiots as they squealed in delight .
the dress , the invites , the flowers , everything .
finally , she ended up with a short yellow sundress with multi - colored flowers on the bottom of it and another sundress in turquoise .
then a rather sad fistful of flowers was suddenly shoved in front of her face .
the written apology had not worked , nor the vow to guard her , nor his pathetic attempts at pleasing her with limp flowers and a live rabbit .
she murmured to payne as the car purred down the street , a few flakes of snow drifting down like flower petals on a light breeze .
he sent me flowers the week after i spent the night with him .
he held tissue - wrapped flowers in one hand and tried to keep his goddamned tie from strangling him with the other .
kimber took the flowers from him , stepped back , and invited him in .
` ` did you send her flowers ? ''
given one woman 's short white dress and little bouquet of flowers , he 'd guess they were preparing for a midnight wedding .
had she , maybe , not built much of a life with brad because she 'd been subconsciously waiting for her withered relationship with logan to blossom to life again ?
many of the residents had pots full of flowers or decorative wreaths hung to brighten their doors .
she wore a short , silky robe in white with tiny pink flowers on it .
` ` i did n't know you felt that strongly about frivolous things like flowers and intercourse .
the profusion of flowers was a little fanciful for ryder 's taste , but his sister had gushed about them when she came for a visit last month , claiming the trellises gave the house ` ` southern charm . ''
they 'd grown just as hers had , unexpectedly , over time , a fledgling limb morphing into a sturdy vine that eventually created a bud just waiting to blossom ... or die .
stepping onto the wooden decking , she marveled at the array of fragrant flowers in pots and young trees in oversized planters .
the flickering candlelight allowed her to see the yellow of the cushions and the color of the flowers , which were vivid red , yellow , and purple .
and it 's about time our little magnolia blossom had some romance in her life . ''
he held out the flowers .
then she looked at the flowers again , almost as if she could n't quite believe he 'd done such a thing .
they 're such happy flowers , and all different colors .
hector swept an arm to encompass a landscape filled with cheerful guests against a backdrop of green grass , flowers , the bright sea , and a magnificent castle .
its ornate gate was twined with brown vines ; come summer , that gate would be a profusion of green leaves and white flowers .
in june , when the air smells of flowers , and the night itself is as brief as the brush of a butterfly 's wing , she can not help imagining her own bright future .
the only color in the garden , besides summertime and autumn leaves , belonged to a single copper column , simple in design and accentuated with scripted decorations , that supported a white marble bowl that , come spring , would be filled with white , trailing flowers .
acres of apple trees boasted bright flowers .
all along the fence line and on either side of the walkway , white flowers grew in clumps .
she took pictures of everything , the trees , the blossoms , the smudge pots , and with every click of the shutter , she thought of her dad and how much he loved this time of year .
on this surprisingly sunny day , the garden was a riot of white blossoms upheld by lush green stems and leaves .
leaves , ivy , flowers .
in the last bit of copper - colored evening light , the apple blossoms glowed with a beautiful opalescence that gave the valley an otherworldly look .
the apple trees seemed to be dancing ; millions of green leaves and white blossoms shimmied in the light .
` ` i love you , dad , '' she whispered as a single apple blossom floated on the breeze and landed at her feet .
meredith nodded and went out to the winter garden , where nina was photographing the ash - dusted magnolia blossom .
the bronze sky had darkened so that all they could really see were white flowers , which looked silver in the fading light .
in a park across the street , standing beneath a streetlamp twined in bright pink flowers , there was a family , laughing together , posing for silly pictures .
the scent of flowers was a sweetness in the air - lilacs and honeysuckle and jasmine .
there were flowers blooming all around them .
in june , when the air smells of limes and new flowers , and the night is as brief as the brush of a butterfly 's wing , she can hardly sleep for excitement .
he 'd never seen raine so resolved to grow and blossom .
come what may , it satisfied something inside him to see her blossom beneath their hands .
he 'd tried for weeks to make her grow and blossom .
petals from the blossoms on the trees behind us float on the wind , making me feel like a fairy , as if this were part of an imagined world where magic is real .
because it 's spring , the growth has a raggedy aspect to it , a mix of early yellow flowers , clover , and dead straw still hanging out from last year .
a pink flower catches my attention .
they 're incredibly bright pink , fuzzy flowers that bloom everywhere in the spring . ''
tangy oranges and sweet flowers .
packed with flowers , plants and colorful framed fabrics , an oasis in the middle of winter .
that same hormonal storm was making her go all teary - eyed over the flowers and food because , god , this was what first - time parents did for each other .
sniffing back her tears , she could smell him and the flowers and the muffin , and , gracious , but all of it smelled mouthwateringly good .
they already have some flowers in january .
his hawaiian shirt was a little over - the - top , but there were flowers and plants everywhere , just as she would have wanted , which made her all the more emotional .
the combination of the silken flower and his roughened fingers teased her into a world of sensation so intense the burn , the need , reached an almost painful clench of nerves .
ethan snapped an orchid from the vase of flowers .
she paced , restlessly lining up her shoes beside the sofa , scooping kolby 's tiny train from a table , lingering to rearrange the blue flowers .
` ` all the fresh flowers are positively decadent . ''
one shiny and new , bright white with tropical flowers around the edges .
` ` you told me once you wanted to wrap me in flowers . ''
he could tell she 'd been swayed by the flowers , the ambience .
he scrambled for something to say to give her more of the flowers and stars kind of affirmation he should have offered in the first place .
there were no flowers or balloons or even cards to add color to the sterile space .
he did n't know the names of most of the flowers .
on top , candles glowed alongside vases of flowers and a silver wine bucket holding a bottle of champagne - he 'd placed that there himself .
` ` an endless supply of fresh flowers . ''
celia held a huge vase of flowers high and crashed it down on the head of ... adam logan ?
when she saw the white lace , flowers and a towering cake , she could only remember each time her mama said ` ` i do . ''
` ` like flowers and candy ?
a single flower , something different , like a sprig of jasmine because the scent reminds me of you . ''
even the scent of dried herbs and flowers that emanated from the linens immersed her in a fantasy world .
brooke sagged to sit beside her , the verdant scents from the tropical flowers not strong enough to override the acrid air of betrayal .
fresh flowers by the bed wafted sweet scents and an idea his way .
a lavish event , the house full of candles , flowers , food - and family .
gently , he tucked the flower behind her ear , wondering if she recalled their time here together when he 'd teased her naked flesh with a similar blossom .
especially if it 's a really big one with hearts and flowers and a big ol ' nasty cupid playing a harp .
he 'd thought a matchmaker 's office would be full of hearts and flowers , furnished with overblown victorian furniture in a million different colors , with sappy chamber music playing over it all .
she was wrapped in a robe made of some flimsy , silky - looking fabric covered with big red flowers , and her hair spilled over her forehead and danced around her shoulders .
his gaze trailed after caroline , who lifted the roses to her face again as she strode toward what he assumed must be the kitchen , skimming the soft blossoms against her cheek as she went .
she withdrew a pair of shears from one drawer and began to snip the stems , one by one , nearly overcome by the sweet aroma of the blossoms , nearly overcome by the man who had brought them .
` ` no one has brought me flowers for a long time . ''
one by one , she lifted , snipped , arranged , until the roaster was full of the fragrant blossoms .
` ` you have a way with flowers . ''
the rest of violet 's bedroom was as quirky , a collection of flowers and fringe , beads and bangles , whorls and whimsy .
an enormous basket of fresh fruit and wine sat at the center of the dining table , and a massive bouquet of flowers , fragrant and splashy , was perched on the desk .
her white cotton shirt was embroidered with white flowers and edged with lace , feminine enough to be unprofessional , another good sign .
` ` you sent the flowers to make it seem as if sybil 's story held water . ''
he handed the flowers to her .
the flowers arrived the next day .
she knew most of the guest rooms were decorated in white , with splashes of color lent mostly by fresh flowers and marble accents .
she watched griffin 's eyes linger on the display of fresh flowers set on a tabletop .
her upswept hair was dotted with white flower buds .
she looked around the drive , which was alive with the color of cactus flowers .
binders of various wedding vendors - for invitations , decorations , flowers and more - stood out on the cream - colored bookshelves .
the air was fresher than i had ever remembered , the grass was a beautiful bright green , the flowers were more vibrant and beautiful than the prettiest picture i had ever seen , and as i looked at the people around me everyone seemed to be happy and had a smile on their face .
there were beautiful crystal vases filled with fresh flowers everywhere and a gorgeous chandelier sparkled like a bowl of diamonds .
he sent me flowers every day and everything was fine for a couple of months .
we had not really talked since i went out to dinner with him and his brothers , even though he still sent me flowers and a note every week .
` ` i 'll take a rain check on the foot rub , '' she said as she pointedly looked at the flowers but said nothing .
before every single class there was something waiting for her , in her mailbox or beside it - flowers , books , a bracelet , chocolates , candles - the list went on and on .
the beautiful pink - and - white flowers were everywhere , mixed with roses , lilacs , carnations and delicate greenery .
when she entered the bathroom , more flowers awaited her , along with burning candles , their scent flavoring the air .
the entire gown had intricate beading that formed small flowers from the neckline all the way through the flowing skirt .
i had to hire some help to complete all the flowers .
ari and sandra both turned toward the door to find rosabella , lia and rachel standing there with flowers and a giant box of chocolates .
anger and hurt inspired by colt had helped to keep the tears at bay , but she simmered with frustration because the man had been showing up daily with flowers , chocolate , and jewelry , begging her to speak to him , begging her to forgive his lie .
the newcomers walked over to her bed with a vase full of flowers and kind smiles on their faces .
* * * that afternoon , annie sat at an outdoor table at la merlina cafe , sipping iced tea and picking at a plate of fruit shaped into flowers .