she did n't care about anything else , just getting these forest green stilettos off of her feet would be bliss .
forest green towel and washcloth .
they were traveling through a mixed forest in which cedar , hemlock and pine predominated .
it was n't until he decided to climb a tree and look down at the forest floor from above that he spotted the moose set high in the crotch of a cedar .
she wore jeans that hugged her curves like they were painted on , hiking boots , and a forest green fleece .
like a forest fire consuming everything it came in contact with , i felt out of control , and mia was my kerosene .
just as forest animals know when a storm is coming , the office knew something big was going to happen .
the confidence in his voice only turned up the flame from slow burn to forest fire .
she playfully touched the tip of her tongue to his palm and watched his eyes darken to forest - green .
the hike up to el britton , the highest lookout point in the national forest known as el yunque , was much more fun than she 'd ever had on a hike only because zeke talked to her about the various plants , pointed out the different orchids and other epiphytes or strange , rain forest points .
her lashes flicked up , giving him a glimpse of forest colored eyes .
her eyes met his , pale jades , olives and forest greens infusing the irises .
her ex - husband 's volatility spread like a forest fire , consuming everything in his path .
the room 's scent reminded her of the lavender and thyme incense from the yoga studio , with an added earthy undertone that made her think of rain dripping from leaves in a forest .
his fingers brushed aside the strands of hair on my naked shoulder , and just that was enough to make the heat between my legs blaze into a forest fire .
the gentle heat i felt in my heart amped to a blazing forest fire .
i want this woman so bad it feels like a forest fire is raging in my dick .
continuing on through the forest of trees , he nodded at people he passed and even began humming along to one of those insidious carols .
` ` hell , she 's a walking forest fire .
` ` let 's go , nikki , '' she called out and the little dog raced back to her , ears flapping , tiny feet flying across the pine needle - littered forest floor .
` ` forest green , '' she mumbled like an idiot unable to look away from his intense eyes .
the consortium wanted to scythe off a whole section of santa rosa , which would give them access to part of a subtropical forest that was of particular natural beauty - not that this was what interested them .
but she was getting some one - on - one time with amjad first , before the desert became a forest of people for him to fade among .
but that did n't matter , not when the forest service honchos would have to pull him from his crew until they 'd settled their investigation into the matter .
it was n't just boredom that drove volunteer firefighters to start forest fires .
as soon as the wildfire had been noted , the ranger had contacted the forest service with this damning information .
with no natural lightning strikes to blame - and given that ninety percent of all forest fires were due to arson - every finger pointed straight to logan cain , the leader of the local hotshot crew .
current forest service reports indicated that the fire was steadily growing , but still under control .
` ` i ' m maya jackson and i ' m working with the forest service on the desolation wilderness fire . ''
` ` the forest service folks are already talking about it ? ''
` ` that 's right , '' he said , ` ` you 're forest service .
it was an anonymous tip , but the forest service could n't ignore it simply because you are one of them . ''
while superintendent mccurdy was sitting in his comfortable , air - conditioned office in the forest service headquarters , a beautiful woman was facing logan down , and she was a messenger of doom who looked a hundred times hotter than he 'd remembered .
the forest service sent you here to investigate .
it did n't take long to scan the words that were as good as a death sentence : should he disregard suspension orders to stay off the mountain , he would be banned from working with the forest service in any capacity , even in a city office , forever - signed his buddy superintendent mccurdy , tahoe basin forest service .
it did n't take long to scan the words that were as good as a death sentence : should he disregard suspension orders to stay off the mountain , he would be banned from working with the forest service in any capacity , even in a city office , forever - signed his buddy superintendent mccurdy , tahoe basin forest service .
nothing except a fire investigator handing him his temporary walking papers , courtesy of numero uno at the forest service .
plus , someone called my name in to the tip line and now the forest service honchos think i lit this fire .
their meeting had been fraught with tension , and yet , she could n't help but feel that the forest service was going after the wrong man .
` ` we 're working with the forest service to conduct an origin - and - cause investigation . ''
the forest service has reason to suspect that logan set the fire currently burning in desolation wilderness . ''
i do n't care what those forest service ass**les come up with , we all know you 're not the one they 're looking for . ''
the truth was that dennis 's piloting skills were in great demand by the forest service .
` ` i guess what i ' m wondering is why not fly for the forest service ?
slow - growth forests .
rage sounded in the silent forest .
finally , the deer trail they 'd been following connected with a forest service - maintained trail .
would love prepare her for a dreaded phone call , for word from the forest service that logan had been injured or , worse , that he was gone forever ?
i can tell the forest service it 's impossible to determine how it started .
additional hotshot crews and smoke jumpers from all across the west were on their way to fight the forest fire in desolation wilderness .
the forest service superintendent had already called to apologize for getting in logan 's way this weekend with the suspension .
wednesday morning , maya walked out of the tahoe basin forest service office into the bright sunshine .
and he 'd made an appointment for her to meet with the superintendent of the forest service .
the lake was less than a quarter mile from the forest service headquarters , and she made a beeline for the beach , smiling at the news the superintendent had given her that the fire was officially under control .
the forest service had the final say .
` ` she does n't weigh much , '' he replied modestly as he laid her mother in the extended cab of his forest service truck , then strapped her lifeless body in with the seat belt as securely as he could .
she knew the forest service sent in psychiatrists whenever there was an accident .
` ` he 's doing everything in his power to convince the forest service that he belongs back on the crew .
he was sitting so close that she could breathe in the fresh scent of his bath soap , reminiscent of dry pine needles in a warm and sunny forest .
slowly activating one painful muscle group at a time , sam pulled himself upright , letting lose a stream of guttural curses into the otherwise silent forest .
worst case , they would ignite a forest fire .
` ` damn it , '' will said , ` ` i thought all of these trailers had been cleared out last year by the forest service . ''
the forest service was n't going to press charges against sam , the explanation being that the now - defunct meth lab he 'd helped shut down was a far greater threat of wildfire than a handful of flares in the hands of a celebrated hotshot .
connor had wanted to camp outside the forest service headquarters until they agreed to sign his umpteenth round of appeal papers , the papers that would put him back on his tahoe pines hotshot crew .
he 'd been jumping through one forest service hoop after another for two long years , working like hell to convince the powers that be that he was ready - both mentally and physically - to resume his duties as a hotshot .
he was here to force himself into peak physical shape , to prove his worth to the forest service when he got back to california after sam 's wedding .
he 'd heard the stories a hundred times of how his great - grandfather had cut each one of the logs himself from the thick forest of pine trees a half mile from the lake .
waited for the forest service to get it right and put him back with his crew .
and he would n't belong in that world again until he convinced the forest service to put him back on his crew .
his first forest service reinstatement denial had made them worse .
he could n't afford any distractions from his ultimate goals for the summer : continuing his intense training regimen so that he would be in peak physical condition for his upcoming forest service reinstatement , first , and fixing up poplar cove for the wedding , second .
living in the log cabin made her feel the same way , as if she were constantly surrounded by a forest rather than four walls .
the forest service has made sure of that . ''
and then having to fight with the forest service to get his job back after he 'd already sacrificed so much .
no one , not his brother , not the rest of his crew - certainly not the psychologists hired by the forest service - had ever listened to him the way she had .
` ` i should be hearing from the forest service about getting back to my hotshot crew soon .
but talking about his forest service appeal had brought the agitation back .
surely the forest service does n't expect you to give up everything for the job . ''
he 'd finished most of the rewiring the night before and relished digging into the grueling job of cutting into the logs by hand , just as he 'd always enjoyed working as a hotshot in a forest cutting down brush and dead trees .
it was just what the forest service had been telling him for so long .
his face was turned away from her so she could n't get a read on him as he said , ` ` the forest service has been trying to get hold of me .
his fingertips were numb as he dialed his voice mail to listen to the forest service director 's message .
` ` after reviewing your case again the forest service has decided not to put you back out in the field .
a member of our reorganization program will becontacting you in a few days to discuss your new options within the forest service family .
again , we hope you'lldecide to stay on with the forest service in some capacity .
suddenly , ginger realized they 'd made that agreement when they thought he was going to be heading back to work for the forest service in california .
which was why andrew had repeatedly offered to help connor with the forest service appeal process , but his son had never taken him up on it .
the forest service thought connor 's accident was too extreme .
that the forest service had turned down your final appeal .
from a legal perspective , andrew understood why the forest service could n't risk having an injured man in the field who might freeze in a crucial moment .
the forest service phone call had been the start of his fall .
it was the first time they 'd talked since sam 's message from the forest service and connor knew what was coming next .
the forest service call .
` ` i heard it once in the forest .
the winter had left the trees ' old clothing on the ground to become the next layer of our forest carpet .
even on a day like today when she was freaking out to the max , she still managed to be the sunniest being in the forest .
the spark that started a flame , that started a blaze , that started a forest fire , which would leave burns and scorch marks in its wake ?
lost in a forest of the senses .
he had a veritable forest of caramel chest hair .
i froze , stiff as a twelve - point buck that had just heard a twig snap in an otherwise still forest .
you remember that guy from that night at timbers ?
jealousy roared through him like a raging forest fire .
` ` we had grazin ' rights to forest service land that we had n't used for a couple of years because the amount of cattle we were runnin ' decreased dramatically .
` ` that 's why i ' ve been trying to keep my distance from you since you started at forest brook . ''
because i do n't look like any of the popular girls at forest brook . ''
two - a - days were the morning and afternoon practices forest brook football players were expected to attend almost two full months before school began .
for the rest of her time at forest brook , she 'd concentrated on her studies .
beau is really back in forest brook , recovering from his football injury ?
but it was like trying to stop a forest fire .
the ceiling over his head was solid gold and carved with brilliant forest scenes .
a snarl bellowed in the dense forest in front of them .
` ` we will never live near the blood forest .
how many centuries since he 'd been left to rot within a forest of bloodroot trees ?
the ` ` blood forest '' he 'd rambled about ?
before she 'd made the cover of forest , he dropped in front of her , spreading his wings .
for the next hour , she followed the trail , the forest brush growing sparser .
what would you want with a displaced king and faction , living on borrowed time in a mortal forest ? ''
that 'll show you not to steal warlocks ' wallets , magnus thought , bending down to retrieve the wallet from a forest of sparkling high heels on the concrete .
alec tilted his head toward the forest of arches that led away from the pavilion .
` ` this is the forest .
the river sparkled over her shoulder , the city rising behind it like a forest of lights .
challenge flared , deepening the hue of his eyes to a forest green , and a burst of excitement went off inside me like a firecracker .
here and there , the trees allowed enough dappled sunlight in to nourish the tiny purple and white wildflowers scattering the forest floor , but otherwise it was shady and damp under the canopy .
eve thought it best ... '' great , julian ... throw gas onto an open flame in a parched forest .
they need help clearing after the forest fire .
they had a campfire - they were n't supposed to , it was too dry - and it started a forest fire .
right now my face feels like a burning hot forest fire .
if you were the lord of the forest , you would n't give a job to someone , tell them to give all possible aid and succor , unless you liked them , would you ? ''
a forest of wendigo surround it .
the money from the sale of the forest would be a godsend , enabling him to finish his master 's with enough left over he could really make a difference .
` ` now that i can see , i ca n't help but wonder , what would the spirit of an ash or a wild hickory of the forests i grew up in look like .
i do so like the forest flowers . ''
` ` you 'll jingle like bells in the forest , and i have to move with stealth .
it was a forest pool primeval , the light barely making it through the leaves .
jenks darted before me , his dust trailing behind like vanishing crumbs in the forest .
he is courageous , wild as the animals in this forest and fierce beyond imagining .
a moment later , a forest of lush green trees took the place of the room .
she had made it halfway there when the background forest noise went silent .
i trailed my tongue down under her belly button and then through the forest of her neatly - trimmed hair .
she knew that only the feel of his skin , of their bodies merging , could possibly extinguish that little blaze - okay , forest fire - scorching her insides .
` ` take it from me , life never turns out as one expects , but the sooner you let go of what should be , the sooner you 'll see the forest through the trees . ''
my anger had gone from a simmer to a full blown forest fire level blaze .
i felt the anger sweep through me like a forest fire and i dropped my hand from her skin .
sometimes i sit with lindsay , but most of the time she 's saving the whales or forests or last season 's winter coats .
a small group had gathered around the rising fire , sitting on old fallen tree trunks that had been dragged in from the forest bed years before .
the trunks of the forest trees parted for the dirt path , their wispy leaves closing the canopy in above , allowing passage for enough light to filter kaleidoscope patterns across the ground .
part homicidal , part wounded forest animal .
( me = vet , him = forest ranger . )
we took an occasional hike on the blue trail and talked school gossip and career stuff ( me = still vet or vet nurse , him = still forest ranger , but starting to lean toward more exotic things like roadie for a metal band or racing motorcycles ) .
the wood is rotting in spots , not to mention covered in graffiti and gnawed away on the corners by forest animals .
instead , there 's a heavy silence stretching through the forest .
he 's nineteen , training to be a forest ranger , and to my amazement , after ten minutes of basic get - to - know - you chatting , he has yet to turn and flee into the dark night .
` ` so , forest ranger ... '' i perch on one of the chairs , trying to look casual , as if i do this all the time .
oliver looks like i ' ve just admitted i like setting forest fires in my spare time , but before i can take it all back , i realize i do n't want to .
the whole area was enclosed by trees of every shape and size before they gave way to the pines that made up the forest .
it was a relief simply to walk in the forest as his true self , and not the cloaked figure the forest had learned to fear .
shards of bark floated to the ground like sawdust as its pale skin met with the trunk , drops of blood joining them from a set of fingertips drooping toward the forest floor .
demetri stains the forest with his ugly mug .
a rustle of leaves - the sound of footsteps heading in this direction magnifies with the steady crush of pine needles over the forest floor .
wesley the forest sizzles and snaps around me .
the forest floor thumps .
coop darts a glance into the forest in a fit of frustration .
the forest darkens .
another series of growls consume the forest .
the brick path - the lawn , neither could offer her a welt of soil an inch thick , unless of course , she went off the beaten path , also known as the forest .
` ` the forest is usually harmless .
the forest should fear a fire from the embers of our love .
cooper 's eyes shine like polished silver against the navy forest .
54 haunted a blinding fog swirls at demonic speeds throughout the forest .
the dry needles that line the forest floor ignite in a rush before pronouncing themselves in a heap like a bonfire .
i can hear its footsteps , faint like a heartbeat against the cushioned forest floor .
my mother is going to find me in forest eaten by a fem .
paragon twists and quivers in the icy breeze as the forest of evergreens tower into the dismal grey sky .
she says it low , but my name reverberates throughout the forest floor like a tremor .
his voice reverberates through the forest like a gunshot .
i try to catch my breath and shoo all thoughts of marshall and his carnal affection away but it 's like trying to put out a forest fire with a squirt gun .
the sound of pine needles compressing fills the quiet of the forest , then the progressive rustle of leaves being disrupted in the most caustic manner erupts at a quickened pace .
the forest dampens with the sound of screaming , the thunder of warfare just beyond its borders .
i ' m not sure i like him looking like he could start a forest fire , especially not with chloe haunting the corridors of west , even if she is spraying ethan openly with her venomous pheromones .
she glitters under the faded house lights with the prowess of fire in a dim - lit forest .
i dart a quick look around to find the forest void of fems in any shape or size .
the fem sizzles before disintegrating into one ashen heap , causing a billow of smoke to fill the forest .
who knew that even hints of me sleeping with gage could set off an entire forest fire of hatred in both chloe and logan ?
marshall could ignite a forest fire with his cutting good looks - just touching him is explosive .
my voice cuts through time , you could hear it all the way back in the forest that night after homecoming .
the bloody carcass of the beast lights up the forest in a wash of quivering light .
` ` the forest is on fire .
i sit up shocked to find myself back in the soot - covered forest .
these houses sit on top of long narrow driveways , each on their own perch , nestled in a private forest of pine trees so thick you could hardly make out the structure of the home itself .
logan helps me out through the overhead panel and back onto the forest floor .
she lowers her forest of lashes .
` ` funny '' -melanie looks up at me from under her forest of fake lashes- '' he just called me the same thing .
i can see his rippling chest with water beading over it , slowly running tracks to the defined v just above his forbidden forest of pleasure while he precariously holds his towel just before it drops to his feet .
he 's going to think i have an entire canadian forest tucked between my legs , god only knows he 'd be right .
they were the decorations that hung on the tree in their beloved cabin , long since destroyed in a forest fire ( yet another precious thing sonia had lost ) .
but the time i did n't think on shit leaked into the dirt of a forest three weeks ago , frankie .
i was way over the ride by then and as much as i liked tyr , i wanted off that horse and in a place that was warm so that forest seemed to last forever until suddenly we came out it and the torchlit city of fyngaard was laid out in the valley in front of us , surrounded by tall mountains , their snowy tops piercing the night sky .
tor came in after i set the coffee to brewing and he was wearing nothing but one of my forest green towels ( they were n't girlie , which sucked , i liked girlie , but they were the only thing ( as well as the rust accent colors i used ) that did n't look putrid against my bathroom suite ) .
he wore a soft suede jacket the colour of clay and a forest green turtleneck over faded blue jeans and boots .
he no sooner wanted to bed her their first time on the forest floor in the threatening rain than he wanted the world to come to an abrupt end .
if he was camping out near duke 's house , waiting , then there would have been a forest fire by now ( i did n't imagine rosie paid a lot of attention to fire safety ) .
cheeks rosy and hair mussed , she looked like a forest nymph , and he found that his eyes could not focus on anything save her bee - stung lips and wild hair .
dark spots blotted out the faces of everyone else , and then all i could see were the forest of needles and tubes , and felt that tight sensation against my dry skin .
i wandered over to a sculpture installation , a forest of tall , abstract pieces that surrounded me .
her dark brows lifted as his words bounced eerily among the forest of columns .
a forest fire was now well on its way .
attempting to stifle my emotions would have been like trying to extinguish a forest fire with dry wood .
the pine trees outside were covered in soft , cold flakes , while the forest floor was blanketed in thick white fluff , turning all of lake tahoe into a winter wonderland .
adrian was ready , however , spinning around , meeting it head - on as the first writhed on the forest floor .
but jim 's old boss had earned some respect in that forest , and there was no arguing with the way he was handling the postgame wrap - up on a man who 'd been sent to kill him .
over in the chair across the way , doc jane was the same , her forest green stare calm as she regarded the drama .
proceeding parallel to the river , he entered the forest of thick pylons that held up the roads , the landscape bald , dark , and essentially empty .
the cool marble barely registered as the forest fire under her skin shifted into a driving urge , an overwhelming sexual need that required one and only one thing .
pink and purple clouds decorated the sky , which was barely visible through the thick forest of skyscrapers that surrounded us .
as dry as it 'd been this summer , they could start a forest fire that would take every single cabin .
a twig or tree branch snapped in the forest .
the firefighters had finally put out the forest fire ; it 'd taken them most of two days .
painted a tacky purple , it had a forest of fake flowers stuffed into window boxes that desperately needed to be emptied and cleaned .
her mother had a standing appointment with lola leidecker at shearwood forest every friday .
as he gazed across the lot toward the busy street fronting the restaurant , waves of heat rose from the asphalt to mix with smoke from all the forest fires in the state .
harold munoz was more interested in making a name for himself than he was in saving africa 's population of forest elephants .
` ` so why must a biologist from america travel to africa on behalf of the forest elephant ? ''
roughly one - third are forest elephants .
` ` i ' m not sure i ' ve ever heard of the forest elephant before tonight , '' she finally mused .
` ` but when a dna identification system was set up to trace the origin of poached ivory , we found that the forest elephant is actually a third species , as different from the others as lions are from tigers . ''
a forest elephant 's lower jaw is longer than the other two species , giving it a narrow face .
and forest elephants are a few shades darker in color . ''
` ` tell me what 's involved when a biologist decides to track a forest elephant . ''
now that the grant money had been awarded , he could continue to fight for conservation of the rain forest , which meant a great deal to him .
my palms were a rain forest .
it felt like a breeze through a forests ' worth of leaves .
she felt it even before she heard the singing - the language of her dreams , wind through a forests ' worth of leaves - and she knew that the isle folk were crowding behind her as she drifted ; she felt them , too , but with nothing like the pulse of radiance that drew her onward .
as the forest rustles with its nighttime sounds , my brother finally arrives .
the forest .
the french will not , and they will claim all the forests and the wood in it as their own .
back when we were simple forest dwellers , we grew careless with our fires , and the entire forest went up in flames .
by midmorning , the forest floor is muddy , and our progress is reduced to a slow slog .
it reminds me for a moment of one of the roots of the great trees in the forest that anchor them to the earth .
she is no longer dressed in her habit but in a traveling gown of forest green with her red hair unbound from its customary braid .
we ' ve got the whole damn us forest service looking for you boys .
` ` timber wolves .
a muscle in his jaw is getting a work out and the forest green of his eyes looks cloudy .
all the while , his eyes bore into mine and everything in my vision is forest green .
my hair was a tangled mess , my clothes still smudged with forest dirt .
a forest .
claire watched the fade slowly recede back from nix 's fingertips , and when he knelt to the ground , he plucked a single blade of grass from the forest floor .
sparks of soft lilac , silvery gray , and forest green were embedded in the stone , giving it a pale , opalescent sheen and making it seem as if a hundred thousand fireflies were slowly winking on and off .
i can ... go ... any farther ... '' he crumpled to the snowy forest floor .
her big , forest green eyes look up at me with trust and ... is that longing there ?
but those green eyes like forests , that pu**y tight around my cock .
the dark in his hazel eyes , the brilliant gleam that makes him so attractive to me , the way he smells of leather and metal and forest and danger to me .
but more than anything , i smell him : wet forest .
there he got both of them out of the rest of their clothes and into the rain forest of a shower .
hot psi wafted out like the ominous smoke of a smoldering forest fire .
jack carried her through the tangle of bodies and the forest of gleaming stainless - steel machines out into the night .
they do n't like using the endars , because the endars nourish the forest with their magic .
the big maw opened , showing me a forest of white teeth , long and sharp like knives .
the evening sky sifted grey drizzle onto the forest .
` ` a real rain forest ? ''
she studied him for way too long before she bent over and studied the forest floor .
it groaned in protest before rolling across the forest floor .
in the next moment , broderick came running in , in the form of his timber wolf .
the evening sky sifted gray drizzle onto the forest .
forest mice scurried between the roots of huge weird oaks .
a long black tongue flailed among a forest of long , needle - thin fangs .
above the beasts of the forest , above the fish of the sea , above the birds in the air , above the angels in heaven !
louisa recognized the determination in her sister , a determination that could flatten forests .
the eel 's blunt head reared from the water and hissed , its black maw flashing a forest of sharp needle teeth .
he caught a glimpse of a nightmarish face , pale , hairless , with elongated jaws flashing a forest of teeth .
fallen berries littered the forest floor , scarlet juices staining the mud where the berries had burst .
rose saw the scales of a forest snake on the left leg , reddish fox fur on the shoulder , matted gray squirrel fuzz on the chest , brown stripes of a pig on the lower stomach ... part of its gut was missing , and a rotting mass of intestines glared through the hole just under a narrow flash of ribs .
the second beast caught him looking and stopped to show him a forest of narrow red fangs .
the creature 's mouth gaped open , exposing a forest of narrow deepwater teeth , scarlet red .
jack leapt over the log and kept going , flying over the forest floor .
a forest cat can easily outrun them in the branches .
he opened his mouth and showed them a forest of bloodred fangs .
she stripped and climbed in , wanting nothing more than to wash off three days in the forest .
thick ropes of muscle corded her massive neck , supporting her round head with giant jaws and a forest of sharp fangs soaked in drool .
its wide jaws parted , revealing a small forest of crooked fangs .
i inhaled the spicy scent of forest herbs , the musk of a raccoon , and the slightly bitter scent of opossum .
the air smelled of forest : pine sap , the earthy odor of moist soil , the faint harshness of bobcat mark somewhere to the left , and the slightly oily squirrel musk .
its mouth gaped open , displaying a forest of long , deep - water fish teeth .
the draugr howled , shaking the forest .
` ` too tight , '' she manages , feeling like snow white , getting pecked to death by too many helpful forest creatures .
a big ram held a book and read to a bear , a rabbit stacked on a turtle , and other forest creatures .
his voice was a low timber as he rumbled , ` ` i think i can manage that . ''
his gaze moved over her , as soft as a caress , as hot as a forest fire .
he found her shivering under a blanket in the front seat of her car , which was parked in the middle of a stand of timber .
preternatural power radiated from him like thick black smoke from a forest fire .
shook out her scrambled forest of hair .
like one of those trees in a forest - after a fire has ripped through it - that are scorched and hollow , but somehow still standing .
for leaving me wallowing in a forest of penises ?
long silver hair and slightly oversized forest blue eyes .
it took a minute to find her in the forest of them .
okay , apparently the internet was a magical forest just waiting to be explored .
we headed away from the lake , deeper into the forest of steel and concrete .
his expression blanked , eyes muting to forest green .
the forest floor erupted into a carpet of gnomes .
the outside edges were trimmed with a forest green , the kind of green that i only ever saw when living in pennsylvania .
the small antique side table by the door , which i 'd lovingly scraped , sanded , and painted , caught like it was the driest piece of wood in the center of a forest fire .
if i did n't do something , this entire building would go up like a bone - dry forest in california .
fury lit through me , sweeping over my limbs like a wildfire in a forest , like a match dropped in a puddle of gasoline .
the fabric caught like bone - dry timber in a forest fire and immediately his study was blazing .
it swept over my entire body like a forest fire in a bone - dry mountain of trees .
only then did the forest scent of him rush at her , forcing her to step back and back .
he turned into her and kissed her back until his tongue was in her mouth and his forest scent drenched her .
his forest scent drifted up and teased her nostrils .
the sky was dark , a beautiful night sky , and the forest surrounded her , a forest of incredibly tall trees with straight trunks , close together .
this was n't her future , this was the future of whatever or whoever inhabited the glowing forest lights .
when she realized what he wanted , that he wanted her primary vein , her whole body rolled and arched , which in turn brought a soft hiss from between his lips as his forest scent suddenly drenched the space .
` ` and you , of the forest . ''
` ` there was enough energy in this room to set the whole northern arizona forest on fire . ''
her mind began to grow very lax , very loose , as though the scent that now engulfed her was like the heavy blanket of dry summer forest air .
a rain forest of honeysuckle . ''
yes , because she broke the forest 's hold on me .
a forest of fir trees came next .
oaks gave way to a forest of beech trees .
topping it all were the traditional sleeveless , long , sexy - as - hell , coats , which she knew from the forest embrace was made of the softest buttery leather .
corbin locked eyes with her , and she watched his change to a deep forest green .
` ` my father has a big house in lake forest .
jimmy deployed the winch outward , a three - person rescue hook like the forest penetrator used in helicopters .
i just want to bring a cake by the center for lucinda forest 's birthday party .
but she had n't been able to see it for the forest of foam cartons left over from dinner the night before .
in an english forest .
an acorn grows into an oak , the strongest tree in the forest , and the forests of her kingdom were filled with mighty oaks .
` ` you have not lost your charm , i see , underneath that forest upon your face .
the forest floor had been tromped down enough that it was now hard packed dirt beneath our feet .
` ` we 're almost back to the main part of town ; we can cross under cover of darkness , and hopefully be back at the state forest by sunrise . ''
houses may very well be a thing of the past ; the forest would regain the wood it had lost over the years , animals would be the new residents of homes .
tamarack , fir , western red cedar , and white bark pine trees grew in abundance , a thick , lush forest surrounding them , sentinels providing intertwining canopy to shelter them .
` ` that 's stating the obvious , '' azami flashed a small smile and deliberately looked around at the thick forest of trees .
` ` we have a forest of dead bodies , a disposal team on the way , and you have n't asked a single question , azami .
the deep timber had given way to high ridges of granite and tall castle - like formations .
it was n't a few butterflies reacting ; an entire forest of them took flight in her stomach .
huge plants grew nearly wild , rising to the high ceilings , the mist kicking on automatically every few minutes to provide the atmosphere of a rain forest .
the atrium was huge , bringing the rain forest indoors .
the forest floor was thickly carpeted with vegetation and cushioned her footsteps as she stealthily made her way through the underbrush back toward jack .
you took it into your lungs and with it , the forest and all that comes with living , growing things . ''
she was twenty - five years old and had been to the andes four times , not including when she was born in the cloud forest .
` ` mother 's work as a horticulturist and advocate for the protection of rain forests takes us many places .
i was actually born in the cloud forest , so i think my mother thought it would be a good tradition to carry on , coming every few years . ''
` ` this entire side of the rain forest seems infested with legends and myths .
practically everything in the rain forest is out for your blood .
when the incas came to conquer the forest people , apparently most of the warriors were already dead .
unlike many places in the rain forest where it was easy to walk because very little could live on the forest floor without too much light , this area was dense .
ben charger seemed much more knowledgeable about the rain forest and the tribes occupying it .
i do n't know why the forest has gone silent , but i do n't feel any immediate threat .
beneath the torn body , the rain forest floor cracked and sank , pulling annabel 's remains into those deep crevices .
a river of lava poured out of the gaping wound in the side of the mountain , looking like long ribbons of thick , glowing taffy , twisted and bright , dropping to the forest below .
though they were n't as strong without using a ritual to focus and amplify them , with dax blocking the ` ` noise '' from the rest of the forest , it was easy to follow the trail mitro had left .
riley bit down hard on her thumb , scraping her teeth back and forth along the nail , trying to reconcile her staid little life with her behavior in the rain forest .
` ` this evening i was so eager to be with you that i dismissed the bite as a typical hazard of the rain forest .
fen dropped down to the forest floor .
the vegetation making up the forest floor had its own distinct odor .
immediately her mouth watered with the addictive taste of spice and forest .
deep below the chamber floor , hundreds of feet below the forest of giant columns , he felt the pool of magma feeding the heat throughout the labyrinth of multilevel caverns .
marmots scampered and mice infiltrated the vegetation on the forest floor .
part of the forest .
the wind fanned the flames , but she had n't wanted to risk a forest fire , so the lycans were putting it out fairly quickly .
the stench of the fire , the burned tree and cabins permeated the forest .
in the forest .
` ` like you , i could n't live in one , i need the forest , but some of them are really extraordinary .
it did n't quite penetrate to the forest floor below .
there 's no forest to burn down .
the opening had provided room on the forest floor for shrubs , ferns and flowers to grow in abundance .
his scent , that masculine , keeper of the forest scent combined with his feral , predatory smell filled her lungs and sent heat rushing through her veins .
if every animal in the forest is running away from it , you have to heed the warnings . ''
he parked himself beside her and picked up a handful of rocks from the forest floor .
two more sounded in the rain soaked forest .
her sobs echoed in the forest .
before reaching for her , fin spread his plaid on the mossy surface of the forest floor .
we 're surrounded by all things green and alive , by pine trees and bracken and lush forest greenery .
` ` you caused another forest fire .
the upholstery and wall coverings were of dark colors : midnight - blue , charcoal , wine , forest .
a forest fire ?
finally outside , she dimly noted that fire extinguishers were blasting the flames - things that were kept inside the caves in case of forest fires .
again and again she filled her lungs with the fresh crispy forest air , letting it relax her .
i was fairly confident that maggie , the witch in the dark fae forest , could fix him .
i thought of going out into the forest to try and find something else green to trade , but i knew she had scoured this part of the forest and picked it clean .
you are not the quietest fae in this forest , believe me . ''
` ` according to the law of the green forest . ''
i knew , better than any of these elves who had been lucky enough to be born to the light fae of the green forest , how someone can just learn to live with unhappy circumstances and stop noticing how much it sucked .
but let us not forget the importance and value that having our forest free of these dark fae underworld beasts holds for all of us who are members of the light fae . ''
or someplace out here in the forest . ''
` ` be mindful that this ' no rules ' policy applies across the entire forest .
anyone in the forest will be aware of this rule and will also be following it .
it 's not every day you 're let loose in a forest of homicidal maniacs .
i wondered if i 'd get the same sensation from every tree in this forest or just this one .
this forest .
that forest was utterly still - frozen in place but without ice .
the ground beneath our feet crunched , being dry and brittle instead of spongy like we were used to from the other parts of the forest .
the second orc got pulled from the edge of the fire by its feet , its face a mass of bubbling blackness , its screams of pain and rage ringing out through the forest .
was he really that hot or did this forest mess my hot - o - meter all up ?
and he was standing with all the forest people .
her husband was wealthy - big in timber . ''
those bright , forest green eyes were checking me out in a slow , appraising way .
his eyes deepened to a forest green .
staring into dark , forest green eyes , i found myself nodding .
he gripped the sides of my panties as his gaze flicked up to mine , his green eyes deepening to a forest green and full of wicked fire .
she had neighbors , but they were spread out , giving the illusion that each house on the road was in its own private forest .
a forest hardly provides the right conditions for a haboob , but he created a complex wind pattern that was nearly the same .
she did n't know what she was , but she guessed she must be animal , like one of the cats that were everywhere in tajbel , or like the forest creatures -- though perhaps a rare and special one , as there were no others like her , and the queen seemed to treasure her above all else .
esme thought often of the ash of ancient souls blowing ever around the world , sifting and mixing with the ash of forest fires and wars and the dust of deserts and pollen and bones .
back home in florida , in a small town in apalachicola national forest , everyone had known who she was .
lucy 's question had haunted her , especially during her last birthday party when the forest of candles on her cake had hit sarah like a flaming dose of reality .
lucy 's question had haunted her , especially during her last birthday party when the forest of candles on her cake had hit sarah like a bucket of ice - cold reality .
it was a long wait , and the inquisitiveness of the forest midges made it longer still .
a forest of sails filled gravesend bay , and the water was choked with small boats , ferrying troops ashore .
i asked , wiggling my way through the obstructing forest of skirts on my way to the door .
he was in good humor , already looking forward to a hot dinner , a soft bed , and clean linen , after weeks of camping in the dark forests .
hunting red deer on the moor was different from hunting in the forests of north carolina .
and she knew why : out of a disinclination to hear what she was afraid she must - that she must turn away from ian murray and abandon the thoughts of him that warmed her body and heated her dreams in the freezing forest , so she woke sometimes sure that if she put out her hand to the falling snow , it would hiss and vanish from her palm .
joy blazed up in her eyes like a forest fire .
she was naked , arms and face the color of just - toasted bread , her body white and her privates under their dark - brown bush a wonderful dusky color that was n't either rose or violet or brown , but reminded him of orchids in the forests of jamaica .
i ' m assuming houses on mountains , especially those in national forests , are pricey . ''
with a forest ranger on our ass , isaiah 's had to follow the fifteen - mile - per - hour speed limit .
i was breathless and his eyes had shifted to that sexy , deep , opaque forest green .
the hound 's long tongue licked hungrily at his wet lips and thick globs of sticky drool dropped from its trembling jowls to splatter on the forest floor .
dropping our buckets of salt , we al turned in unison and struck out at a more relaxed pace across the uneven forest floor .
the sun was setting and the forest floor was dappled with the golden light of a dying day .
` ` give me your shirt , '' bo said , his voice hoarse and low , not much more than a deep rumble in the quiet forest .
arching his back and throwing his head back , lars let out a deep growl , one that curdled my blood and quieted every noise in the forest .
it roared through every cell of my body like a forest fire , burning away logic and reason .
the kiss that should ' ve started out slow starts out like a forest fire .
he said , his voice deep and friendly as a talking forest .
then , as ever , greed did what curiosity could not : the discovery of lucrative timber forests up and down our volcanic hills , and the vast beds of oysters below did for the bay 's solitude .
but he looks hotter than a freshly fucked fox in a forest fire . ''
he 's hotter than a freshly fucked fox in a forest fire .
they lived and loved in a beautiful part of californias coastal redwood forest , assisted by an emancipated android called daniel .
god of the forest and fertility .
i dreamed i was soaring above the grand city of golgotha falls , moving between enormous strata and kilo towers , vertical cities in their own right , a forest of such buildings , moonlight glinting off their dark , mirrored surfaces .
a forest of columns populate the shadowy interior of the temple , supporting the buildings vast lapis lazuli roof , each column shaped like a voluptuous maiden or well - proportioned youth .
the forest grew still .
it sounded okaybirds twittering , leaves and twigs falling and snapping under the paws of forest crittersbut it smelled wrong .
the cybersphere came together in an endless symphony of connected machines , a dense forest of control structures , variables , and subroutines , but i could see everything , how it all connected , how everything was beautifully intertwined in a blinking waltz of data .
i ca nt tell what he s saying , ca nt make him out - he whispers too softly , too quicklybut his voice fills the forest .
experts believe the insects were able to survive in the sunless forest by changing their food which also became extinct after the dry clouds appeared ; at this point , it is unknown what food source they have switched to .
generations of pine needles covered the forest floor .
thin shrubs scattered across the forest floor , dotted with small patches of broad - leaved ferns .
the forest floor was dense with underbrush , mostly young trees and bushy ferns that were easy to push out of the way .
they ate a hearty dinner of beans and some forest critters luciele had snagged along the way .
i kept walking and eventually found the end of the forest .
grace stood in the bedroom door , demure in a floor - length dress of forest green .
it was nt his usual stylehe almost felt like a forest ranger , mostly because of the bootsbut he looked good , and reggie agreed .
petra collided with his sword and the sound of metal upon metal echoed throughout the forest .
' here they ve put in a plantation of redwoods but the rest of the forest is being grown from seedlings from our nursery asteroids .
because we were trained to listen for danger in our sleep , like the animals in the forest .
they say thirty - six cars crashed because of smoke from a forest fire near henrico .
in the shade of the pear tree forest coffee bushes ran wild , growing clusters of red berries in a dense thicket and attracting flocks of very loud yellow and green canaries .
a forest of spears natives detected , tubary remarked from the bridge , a large number along the river .
twenty thousand spears followed and formed a forest around the ship .
the hiking was easy in and amongst the towering pines , as the thousands of years of needles falling had made a somewhat flat forest bed .
each foot probed the forest floor gently in front of me before bearing any weight .
in his younger days , he d protested the u.s . forest services granting of timber rights to private corporations , but now he was grateful for the limited access their abandoned roads provided .
in his younger days , he d protested the u.s . forest services granting of timber rights to private corporations , but now he was grateful for the limited access their abandoned roads provided .
hurricanes and tornados were broken up by the foothills , and the climate was relatively temperate for a deciduous rain forest .
the alien roots creep into the forest , drawn by the intoxicating cellular activity of the humus and loam .
through the verdant forest .
she administered the coups de gras with her boot , smashing their heads into the ground until she saw their bloody crowns were opening to the air and what was left of their brains oozed red fluids onto the forest leaves .
their had heads cracked easily , being fragile to pressure , and the telltale red fluids poured out through broken head plates onto the leafy forest floor .
hashims ebn , haydar , had the spirit of a lion ; it was somewhat fitting that his name meant king of the forest and ruler of all .
she looked at me again and raising her head sung in a melodious voice : ancient elvendom by race wood elven by cast true fare of the face but long lived in past once a youth without any skill lessons dealt and punishment feel learning fast through all ill thus see me now the cards i deal the paladin views me a grain of dirt beyond redemption by the cleric names they call me do not hurt my loyal brethren give me merit a druids friend never without a warriors aid agile and fast a mages saviour when power is out to those in need a sturdy mast with this precious bow and blade long practiced hard - learnt skill spend my lifes blood abroad to thwart many an ill the lost i am to find and bring to rest and save though all the forest blind ever horrors will i brave tracker of the ognod man slayer of the vilest order defiler of all evil clan such repeated , over and over will rest ever be my reward ?
the supply of lumber was obviously from the forest of giant pines that lay just beyond the valley entrance .
although the fire burned it did not destroy , the forest needed the flames to sweep the rot and dead from the land and make way for new life .
we ate and each of us tried to find the closest thing to a smooth patch in this god - forsaken forest .
the revelry died as quickly as it came , replaced by a forest of confused looks .
i will tear this palace down in ruins and lay our forests to the sword .
i could not tell when , but it seemed a long time ago , and there was nothing there that could not be manufactured from the materials of beach and sea and forest .
their calls echoed loudly down the valley , and the forest birds hushed .
the sun was sunk low enough to be hanging barely over the treetops in the distant western forest , just beyond the dried up cornfield .
a forest !
and draped over his implant riddled face was a tribal mask of some kind , emblazoned with the same tattoos of the tribes that april had been studying here in the rain forest - the ones that worshipped the old snake gods .
he has studied the layout of many of the ancient buildings in this rain forest and is perhaps more familiar with them than anyone in this jungle today .
the forest fell silent when the bear got near , pond said .
forest ruckus rose and fell , but overall stayed subdued .
as he looked around , it was like an explosion had gone off in the middle of a forest of people , a blast wave knocking them all back in a circular pattern .
tropical and sub - tropical forests died off as seasonal woodlands , open plains , desert regions , and the expansion of grasslands took their place .
as she makes her way through my chips , we talk about her soccer club , and that leads to a discussion of how the timbers , portlands major league team , are kicking butt this year .
they protect the rain forest from intruders such aslucy-4 and yusep andreiv .
i said were not here to take your forest !
i m sure it can be heard throughout the rain forest as well .
they resumed their journey , the trail veered away from the head of the lake , slicing the heather - filled gap between two hills and descending further towards a sloping patch of forest .
still grasping each others hands tightly , jack and saira followed his voice , their eyes adjusting to the forest of light .
they were very important to argel because the results of forest fires were devastating and still are .
judging by their anxiety , forest fires are calamities of the first order .
does nt everyone depend on the forest ?
david asked , do you have enough of them to train to really help with the forest fires ?
it always scoured his mind with the forests message of grief , horror , and incredible thirst .
most of the forest fire subsided and men continued to arrive the next day as the rain continued to slow .
the ethereal forest nymph set fire to his soul .
it had cleared as they entered the forest of huge trees that supported the taryn villages .
birds sang , dried leaves crunched and crackled as forest animals searched for food .
chapter twelve _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ all the forest fire fighters slept late the next day .
there are huge forests of them .
a striker could shoot at anytime , anywhere in the forest , using any object designated as a ball by the ball gatherers and aimed at any other object designated as a goal by the goal hunters .
the coalition says that as soon as five immortals left the forest world , it would break apart and disappear forever .
as he bore no resemblance to daxel , it was assumed the older boy had simply rescued someone elses child so brue was immediately sent on to an orphanage hastily set up further north in the forest .
` ` blenharm forest .
sarehl was placed on a litter and lifted into a wagon with the other wounded who 'd trickled into the forest over the last few weeks .
she stalked prey and caught it , learned what was edible in the forest and what was n't , knew how to skin an animal and dressed anything she caught and cooked it herself .
the discussion then followed the line of how best to reorganise the dakhilan men , before there could be any suggestion to other groups who already worked randomly in the forest .
over the cycles he 'd heard broken off bits of conversation about the forest refugees , but nothing about any of his family .
with his enhanced sensory perceptions , he saw light dapple the glades , heard the songs of birds and insects , and even caught the rustling of leaves beginning to fall to the forest floor and the faint sighing of a breeze in the undergrowth .
chapter two it was early autumn in blenharm forest .
ensore 's correspondence to sarehl mostly covered what he 'd attempted to do from the time he left the strategos in the forest .
only two seasons later , after stragglers were absorbed from throughout the forest , ensore was automatically accepted as head of the combined army and known to all simply as marshal .
there was game in the adjacent eastern forest , but nowhere near enough to sustain lodestok 's huge army .
daxel was back in the forest , lost , hurting , lonely and bereft , and this older man looked after him and was kind to him .
they became hostile to intruders who may ' ve gone into their forests .
those in the central shadowlands were those at the cradle of forest elkin civilisation and were those destined to preserve and maintain it .
kher doubted there 'd be many refugees left in the forest and lban assured them the sweeps they 'd done showed no organised groups there , all able - bodied folk long gone to join the northern cause .
the forest canopy became denser .
they left craters wherever they hit , and caused forest fires over much of the planet .
the youngest member of the family , now seven years old , had been out harvesting from secret locations scattered around the kakamega forest .
much of the animal life in the forest had been killed , and that included leopards .
kakamega forest the world had become worse than numb to the sufferings of others ; many , like jiddy , had come to actually nd pleasure in it .
they ran quickly and silently through a forest of debris , every step a danger of falling through half - rusted floorpanels or tripping over the webs of exposed pipes and wires .
then there was an ear shattering boom and clouds of smoke filled up the forest .
they live in the forest .
the forest has gone still .
the forest is scared stiff , too , holding its breath and willing the beast gone .
my voice rips through the forest .
marlon cast his eyes about the forest .
the pack - leader knew that the lord of the forest was capable of influencing those who had faith in him .
he had not the words to tell the forest lord what had happened .
struggling to maintain his footing on the wet and slippery forest bed , aris ploughed through the unforgiving terrain , handling each obstacle that came up .
sahra felt more than saw the forest of hands pointing towards her .
rackenfauz cackled his customary high - pitched laugh , like the screeching of some primeval forest denizen .
her heavy moccasins slipped silently across the white forest floor , the snow clinging to the rough leather of both her feet and her breeches .
her shriek split the forest .
around it , silver streaked towers were laid out before her like a dense , impenetrable forest of metal .
she wore an elaborately hewn dress , intricate against the blank pillars , like a snowflake in a forest of white .
the eiras feet sent sparks of white light fluttering from the forest floor .
the entire ground was thickly covered with them , turning the earth into an image of the night sky , a forest floor coated with the pale swirls of galaxies .
like someone she did nt know while scouting her forest for possible enemies ?
this is where bramble forest ends and the northumbia mountains begin .
he dared not to light a fire it might bring unwarranted attention from the forest inhabitants .
the forest was thicker , darker and harder to traverse through now .
strange forest sounds could now be heard about and above where louis traversed .
as the traveling party and the morning meandered onwards the forest swamps and fire - bogs began to thin along with the stifling , heavy air that had weighted down their spirits earlier .
the whole of the forest had been decimated and laid to waste from the massive morpeth flood .
as the blue moon began to set over the waylaid forest broomstick spoke out , ` ` it has been a long day louis , let 's find shelter for the night before it gets too dark and too cold .
she groped on in leafy obscurity , not able to see either above or below her ; but presently she glimpsed blue sky , and a moment later came out in the clear , hot sunlight and saw the forest roof stretching away under her feet .
clinging to the spire - like pinnacle , he stared out over the forest roof .
if you have slain him , there is naught in the forest to harm you .
your forest men have turned our cities into traps , but they have not trapped our minds and our powers over nature .
we are masters still ; masters of the world , and of the forest men .
that s the gok - man ridge , mused the han officer beside me in the apartment , and the forest men must be more than fifty miles beyond that .
in the forest , i was in the forest .
forest after forest with artileon saying these woods look the same as the last one , are you sure you know where to go .
dead animals as big as rhinoceroses strewn across a two acre hollow on the forest floor .
the forest hollow remained a whirlwind feeding frenzy for hours .
but the bipeds no longer dared to vault across the forest roof .
well , hers or cecelias , it sure as hell was nt jasons ; his was still festooned across black boughs somewhere in the unforgiving forest .
` ` i read somewhere that their seeds can survive a forest fire .
with thousands of dangerous and possibly armed convicts now flooding the forest , he had immediately told his soldiers to move out .
the forest was suddenly blanketed in complete darkness .
his acclaimed novel the glass forest and his poetry have touched thousands of people across the world .
the bottom line was that elizabeth loved these people , and wanted to help them and morts forest , if she could .
the fate of the forest depends on finding johnny goth .
these were his paths and forest .
` ` the forest has strength to ward against evil , if you become part of it , '' great two bears had explained .
conscious thought gave way to the essence of being part of the tree and forest .
his inner self returned from where it had spread itself among the others of the forest .
snarling , dark at last gave in to the irresistible elemental forest forces .
of course he could n't tell pop that dark was n't human , that to evade dark earlier he had to become part of the forest , or that to protect himself the second time he had used tribal words of power that he had n't even remembered that he knew .
indeed , the hairy goat man fit in well with dooley 's collection of interestingly colored rocks , abandoned bird nests , pinecones , wax coated leaves , recovering little forest critters healing in their boxes and cages , and other dooley projects .
she called johnnys name several more times , her voice seeming tiny among the forest giants that swayed in the breeze above her , but only the wind and the birds answered .
now he could feel all the life around him , the trees , the forest creatures , and even the living soil .
soon the shaman was lying in the soft forest moss near dooley and ned .
but their main concern since white men came to the area is to preserve the holy forest and the secrets of the people and the cube .
the people also want the holy forest , their one tree and land , and the cube to remain hidden from the civilization of the white man . ''
fen was disguised as a forest ranger at the time .
also , the power of the living forest can be bent to a shamans will .
baldor will remain to defend you and your forest while i speak to the council , pru stated .
many shape - shifting people also defended the forest with two bears , he was glad to sense , including fen .
the forest floor crunched and cracked beneath our feet , ready to ignite at the touch of a match or the lick of a stray ember .
if a campfire would start a forest fire back on the island , wo n't it do the same here ? ''
she waded through a forest of towering adults that rushed about on their way .
she could almost see a smooth , rounded object spinning across the carpet and hiding in its tangled floral forest .
the saguaro cactus in this area had nt had enough time to recover and adapt properly to the influx of pollution like they had further south in the remains of the national forest .
they will think of us as little more than a small band of dainty forest dancers , but we will stop their intrusion .
it was an ill - advised effort , based on their assumption that the elvenwood would be as manageable as other forests .
it is the efforts of daniel and heather with those of the forest who defeat those who would have captured the spring of their sacred water .
not only those of the forest but also those of the northern and southern kingdoms were dependent upon this single source of iodine .
the spirits of the forest gave her a way of knowing that daniel understood not .
they tried to discreetly depart but jeremy would not allow it , saying , ` ` a toast to my friends and their new baby for all they have done for those of the forest ! ''
he seemed to enjoy the storms , but most of us of the forest had trouble with the sickness of the sea . ''
i suspect those of us of the forest were never meant for the sea . ''
jeremy said , ` ` for those of us of the forest the sea remains a stranger .
it was edna who made the decision by declaring , ` ` i have come to try to restore peace to the forest .
one of the elder women replied , ` ` the spirits of the forest are most easily heard when the mind and soul are quiet .
we must trust in the god of the sacred water and the spirits of the forest .
jeremy and edna but glanced at each other before jeremy spoke up : ` ` we are of the forest and bow before no one but the god of the sacred water . ''
i would advise releasing them unharmed to appease the spirits of the forest . ''
an adviser spoke up , saying , ` ` these two of the forest have committed a capital crime and release is not possible .
she then said , ` ` the spirits of the forest are not controlled by me but i will pray to the god of the sacred water that they have some mercy on the scarlet king . ''
the envoy then again requested permission for the release of those of the forest but the king 's advisers would have none of it .
i do not accept the charge of allowing the release of the prisoners from the forest .
even the advisers associated with his cousin had trouble controlling their smiles , but for the one those of the forest referred to as the pet bird the statement was devastating .
you should have fled with that witch from the forest . ''
as she ate , heather explained how her grandmother was the daughter of the ambassador from the northern kingdom who had served to improve trade with those of the forest .
heather smiled one of her beautiful smiles and said , ` ` those not of the forest believe there is something special about royal blood .
heather replied , ` ` i would expect that the spirits of the forest have already seen to that .
daniel spoke up for the first time , saying , ` ` there is but little powder in stock , but what those of the forest have will be arriving soon . ''
heather replied , ` ` we traveled as a party of fifty , but i would expect a few more of the forest to arrive and elrod most certainly will want to join us .
those of the forest who knew not elrod were amazed at his ability to continuously talk .
heather nodded in the affirmative saying , ` ` if those of the forest are willing and able it would be best . ''
several of the forest were examining the cliff and said , ` ` if we can use a light line from the ship the cliff can be scaled . ''
heather said , ` ` i would that four of the forest set out and scout the defenses that those of the red may have erected .
the sailor was obviously scrutinizing their ship , with those of the forest perched in the rigging with their bows ready and the cannons pointed at their ship .
heather and those of the forest continued to the south guided by larby 's sense of direction .
the first wave of those of the forest made their way to the damaged ship .
as those of the forest gathered on the cliff top , they were all experiencing a feeling of unsteadiness as they developed again their land legs .
she said , jeremy , i would you and twenty others of the forest stay with the ship to provide protection .
she then continued to explain her plan of having those of the forest create a relay with their mirrors to maintain contact with the ship while it was at sea .
as more of those of the forest arrived onshore , the exploration of the surrounding lands proceeded quickly .
those of the forest worked hard to cover his tracks , but it was difficult for he wore hard boots and knew not how to travel without leaving signs .
a few of the forest will accompany you to the city wall but you will travel at night .
i know not what power spirits of the forest have but i would not challenge them .
heather shrugged her shoulders , saying only , for those of the forest , passage is possible .
heather responded , those of the forest make no such pledges .
i will do what i can to assist you against this darkness which is arising in the east , for that is what the spirits of the forest demand .
heather sat unmoving until others of the forest reported the red ambassador and his escort to be truly gone .
those of the forest were eager to leave the ship , and the atmosphere was jovial .
heather said , may the god of the sacred water watch over you and the spirits of the forest travel with you .
when heather asked , can those not of the forest make the passage with the help of the hunters ?
those of the forest unloaded the climbing supplies and stored much of the food which was provided .
those of the forest had already been planning , and with but a nod from jeremy set out with their ropes to scale the cliffs .
those of the forest looped the secondary rope around her chest , saying , we will help but it is best if you can use your legs to help move upwards and stabilize yourself .
those of the forest kept enough tension on the secondary rope to reduce her effort , but not so much as to constrict her breathing .
the guard was matched by an equal number of those of the forest who simply milled around and visited somewhat aimlessly , but were acutely aware of any danger to heather .
those of the forest could handle no more with their ropes .
heather completed her morning ritual and broke fast with those of the forest .
those of the forest will need to take charge , and if your troops will do as they are told , the passage will be made .
it will be a most difficult task but those of the forest will need to accomplish the work themselves .
one of the forest helped him release the secondary rope and attach the next one .
heather continued , those of the forest travel without leaving sign but an army can not .
heather finally explained , the god of the sacred water works through the spirits of the forest .
many of the forest are very sensitive to the spirits of the forest .
i depend mostly on others to sense the will of the spirits of the forest .
she added we of the forest are few in number and i will probably need some of your soldiers as backup .
i will seek out volunteers to accompany you and the others of the forest .
she then added , i can not ask those of the forest to accept such a fate .
heather corrected him saying , it will be as the god of the sacred water and the spirits of the forest decree .
those of the forest told her how much more rugged the terrain was on their side of the river and they doubted an early crossing .
heather and the remaining hunters of the forest would lay hidden in their small trenches until the smoke was evident .
those of the forest were paired up with one responsible for the primary attack and the other to protect their rear from attack .
we need to divert them so those of the forest can gain the safety of the river .
in reply he said , i understand not your spirits of the forest , but the torture you have described is what others reported during the last war .
what of those of the forest ?
heather returned to her camp and asked those of the forest to return across the river and begin the search for those missing .
as the sun began its final descent below the horizon , those of the forest held a burial service .
heather wished for the help of the young priest , but did her best to give those departed a blessing of safe passage back to the forest .
heather responded , i will have those of the forest search the destroyed wagons for more of these tips .
as always those of the forest came and went , keeping heather informed of what lay ahead .
those of the forest will launch the attack with the sun at their backs , and then those of the red must move in from the south .
with the confusion now evident , some of the forest worked feverishly to free the horses .
daniel and jeremy joined the others of the forest who were still finishing the breaking of the fast .
she was tall , even taller than those of the forest , but very thin .
with the crew of the boat was one of the forest .
the one of the forest looked at the letter jason handed him but took it not , saying , ` ` it may be best if nothing is written , for there is some danger of my capture .
jason unsealed the letter and read it aloud to the one of the forest , who listened intensely and then repeated verbatim the contents of the letter .
when jason and the one of the forest were satisfied , the one of the forest climbed into the boat with his pack refreshed with food from the ship .
those of the forest functioned primarily as scouts , with the army of the red assuming the burden of the actual attacks .
they set off with jeremy in the lead with two others of the forest .
the torches were much brighter than those of the forest , and she made good time back to the outer door .
none of the forest should enter the city walls , for we are not of the city . ''
heather called for jeremy , who had rested but a few hours , and asked , ` ` can we move those of the forest to the east of the great city and launch an attack on the weapons overlooking the harbor entrance in six days time ? ''
despite little sleep , jeremy seemed fully alert and quickly replied , ` ` those of the forest can easily travel that distance depending on the amount of supplies we needed to carry . ''
jason remarked , ` ` many of the forest are out on scouting missions .
she then spoke to jeremy , saying , ` ` i would you have those of the forest prepared for departure and then get some more rest .
as soon as the cannon is delivered to the hidden door , i would you and the others of the forest return to us as we travel east . ''
jeremy came back and asked if he needed anything else , for they needed to push on if they were to regain the others of the forest .
she told the scout , ` ` take a few others of the forest and do your best to cover our sign in the area you think they will cross .
those of the forest had moved to the base of the headlands on the east side during the darkness of night .
as those of the forest regrouped inside the wall , heather fell back and they began a more organized ascent .
he then reported , ` ` we have many with minor injuries , but have lost two of the forest . ''
edna was anxious to begin exploring to the east and had others of the forest stay with daniel and betty .
heather nodded in agreement and said , ` ` we of the forest will plan a defense against the mounted troops , but i need to see the lay of the land .
the commander of the red had a questioning look on his face , for he could imagine not how those of the forest , being hunters not warriors , could take on the mounted troops from the east .
heather replied , ` ` i would those of the forest scatter into the darkness and be prepared . ''
jason replied , ` ` heather would have us land her and those of the forest as near the west end of the city as we can . ''
captain cook studied the chart for some time before saying , ` ` if you would proceed a little more to the west the landing would be much less visible , but those of the forest would have a slightly longer distance to travel . ''
i would have those of the forest create a series of trip lines or snares to entangle the horses the mounted troops ride . ''
it is a rocky area which should provide reasonable cover for those of the forest . ''
about two - thirds of those of the forest moved out quickly , with daniel and jeremy to set up the trap heather had planned .
jeremy and the others of the forest had been running hard and had arrived just in time to witness daniel 's attack .
i would a few of you head back over the mountains and carry the news to both kingdoms and to those of the forest . ''
when asked what would be of the rest of those of the forest , she replied , ` ` i would we move our camp close to the sea where our ship awaits , but i need to meet with the commander of the red first .
she said in reply , ` ` we of the forest are not suited to traditional battle .
even without all his armor and the slow pace those of the forest were traveling , he had great difficulty keeping up .
those of the forest were gentle enough with him , assisting whenever possible and making sure he had enough food and water .
those who had gone ahead were able to signal the ship with their mirrors , and those of the forest arrived at the cove in time to watch the ship sail into view .
heather thought of moving everyone aboard the ship , but knew that those of the forest would be happier camped ashore .
heather responded , ` ` there are those of the forest who may choose to disagree with you , but i would very much like to hear your story and of the stranger who accompanies you . ''
when he had finished his story those of the forest pounded a rhythm using whatever they had as a drumstick to show their approval .
morning came , and after heather had completed her morning ritual she joined those of the forest for the breaking of the fast .
she gave the brief message to one of the forest to deliver and continued with her planning .
she had several of the forest secure the area and create a net of sentries to guard the meeting she wished to have .
without further discussion or introduction , heather continued the meeting by saying , ` ` we of the forest have as our guest the one whom i feel was commander of the mounted troops .
there will be none to care for you as is the custom in your land , and you will need to live as others in the forest live .
those of the forest joked that jasons snoring was enough to scare away any and all creatures .
jason spoke up only after a period of thought , saying , ` ` it would seem a logical decision if those of the forest are willing to forgive the past actions of those of the red .
those of the forest had a few other questions , but in general everyone seemed willing to allow the scarlet king to travel with them .
i doubt they understand the nature of your lives in the forest . ''
the discussion carried on , but in reality it was the very nature of those of the forest to offer hospitality , and heather doubted not that the request would be approved .
daniel had been examining the water container that heather had brought , having already assumed that those of the forest would agree .
those of the forest were enthralled to hear of the land so different from their forest .
morning came , and after the completion of the morning ritual she broke fast with those of the forest and listened to the reports of the scouts and of those working to obtain the supplies for the journey home .
she had not the loping gait of those of the forest but her long legs were obviously made for travel .
jason was somewhat puzzled as to the type of bird , and heather explained , ` ` those of the forest are speaking and our guests are on their way .
jason explained , ` ` those of the forest work with the spirits of the forest and they care not for your military strength .
jason had been preparing for this question and responded , ` ` those of the forest trade with other lands their sacred water which prevents the stunting of growth of babies .
jason spoke up , saying ; ` ` this meeting is at the request of heather with the golden hair and is held in the open , for that is the nature of those of the forest who embrace the night . ''
looking up from the fire , she said in the tongue of those of the forest , ` ` i would have peace amongst our people .
only after the bird calls of those of the forest indicated that the area was safe did heather and jason resume their conversation .
heather requested the addition of a supply of ale , for it had been long since those of the forest had enjoyed a glass .
heather responded with a long explanation of the need to present herself properly as one of the forest .
work began immediately , fashioning a blouse to be worn under the tunic , which enhanced heather 's femininity and yet was definitely of the forest .
when the troop from the east arrived they too were seated by those serving , and only then did those of the forest take to the table .
she now stepped forward and did as the other two had done , signing the scroll written in the language of those of the forest and initialing the other two .
at heather 's request , ale was also made available to those of the forest .
those of the forest would ' ve preferred more singing and telling of stories , but the mood had changed and they mostly visited amongst themselves .
heather simply stood and announced , ` ` we of the forest leave at first light and will work to establish regular communication and trade .
don the great had led the group and stood before heather , bowing his head before saying , ` ` the power of the legend has been fulfilled , and i along with all my people owe you and the others of the forest a great debt .
i doubt that we will ever be able to repay the debt , but i pledge my service to you and the others of the forest . ''
as the seas became more disorganized , those of the forest again suffered the sickness of the sea .
those of the forest had already begun the evening meal , which needed to be served in small groups , for their space was small .
the discussion continued but for a short time before heather announced , ` ` we of the forest will go ashore , for if an attack occurs we can flee to the high ground .
as soon as those of the forest had been ferried ashore , the ship sails were again raised and captain cook rode the outgoing tide to the safety of the open sea .
one of the forest was searching through the rubble and came across an opening into a small room that had survived .
with the ship safely in the harbor , those of the forest continued their preparation for the evening meal , and more importantly for the telling of stories .
several of the forest set off immediately at a rapid pace , climbing to the high ground for the easier travel it provided .
daniel found rheon to be as light as a feather and knew not how she had learned the dances of the forest .
those of the forest knew the story well , but larbys people had heard only portions of it .
daniel replied , those of the forest have always relied on the stars to guide us and remind us of the vastness of the world .
i would we could trade with those of the forest for such timber .
the spirits of the forest will look after you .
a purple alien garbed in rags was chained to a monstrous old music organ , the instrument 's forest of pipes twisting up to the distant roof .
after we laid there for a while you got up and started gathering driftwood and tinder from the forest .
at first i thought him a norther left in the timber , but then wondered if perhaps he strayed from the village .
the smell of a distant forest fire wafted past my nostrils .
and she would know that we were approaching and create some horrible event to keep us away , like a forest fire or a tornado .
the alternate route is a forest service road , which is paved for about a mile and then suddenly becomes a pothole - ridden gravel road littered with huge rocks and other obstacles .
we arrived at the top of the mountain in less than five minutes after a breathtaking ride over a forest of pines and rocky outcroppings .
a silence came over the forest that the three of us knew preceded the arrival of the natives .
i watched don brush the dust into his hand and carefully siphon it into a pipe fashioned from the wood of one of the old trees in the forest .
frenzied movements were breaking sticks on the ground and rustling the dirt and pine needles that covered the forest floor .
slots # 11 to # 70 were reserved for the forest village .
one would think that a forest has animals or insects at least , i have nt found any .
how had the previous forest sector leader handled it ?
i guess in your new position of forest sector leader you know everything that happens down here regardless of who the overseer is .
needles peppered the cushions , leaving behind a little forest of death only inches from greshams prone body .
because hess wheezed and hacked , blood bubbling out of his mouth like a forest spring .
this is a forest .
johnny watched in fascination as what looked like dark metallic grey liquid flowed up and over a huge forest tree 's trunk , the vines that covered the trunk , and the base of any branches that were encountered .
i surmised it to be the work of a certain amazing forest shaman that i have the honor of knowing . ''
nothing remained of the community he had knownthe forest had retaken the land , other native trees now filling in the gaps between the original lyra forest .
vala 's early concern for her mother 's poor health , injured creatures , even the decimation of the trees in the way of expansion in the nearby allatian forest did not go unnoticed by him .
a shower of light was upon the buildings ; it glittered in the tall trees that enveloped the city , a forest of leaves hewn almost out of greenish silver , leaves that gently caressed the artificial beauty of the city .
a lyra forest .
however , i am told there are a great many resources across the forest .
however , hinev noticed , there s going to be a problem sealing up the last air lock when they bring the lyra forest on board .
i think its a good idea to bring the lyra forest on board , though .
evolutionary biologists had pored over the survey teams reports and concluded that hashs people had evolved from an apelike forebear , a now extinct sideline from that which also produced the small primates that inhabited the forests .
they d be a more abundant source of meat than the small forest animals .
her skin shimmered like sea mist , while her hair resembled the dark fronds of a forest fern .
the few trees that claimed the mountains highest ledges expanded into the abundance of pine forests before thinning as forests gave way to lush fields scattered with wildflowers .
the forests were well cared for until the droughts wiped them away .
i did nt know if a lot of people walked the paths or if they were made by little ( and bigger ) forest critters that roamed the only wooded space for miles .
i looked and saw that it was a green wrapping similar to a vine , clearly made from natural items in the forest .
i was named queen of shadow forest when adam and i were married , but i was also elected leader .
and that is how the old spirits , as you call us , will come to occupy your pleasant forest village .
right now , violet is dreaming that she and nick are running like happy forest gazelles through the happier parts of shadow forest .
there are millions of trees in the forest .
so the first two tree - beasts started hunting , and now , there s an angry , violent soul in every tree of the shadow forest , but they pull together in hives so they can swarm their targets .
he was a professional housesitter , and so did nt really have a home of his own , but since their serendipitous meeting about a year ago , some twenty years after they d gone through teachers college togetherat the end of which they had both been voted most likely to be brilliant teachers and , simultaneously , least likely to be hiredhed been spending half his time at her cabin on a lake in a forest , near sudbury .
and once we get all your little furry bits clean , you can paddle around to rinse , he murmured , and you ll be the cleanest little wolf in the forest .
she bolted after him , years of running through forests showing their benefit .
his slack body sailed outside the circle of flame and crashed on the forest floor .
prolonged whispers echo in the crypt like those of the wind finding its way through a dense forest .
an immense cavity crossed by a forest of stalactites and stalagmites , appears .
and if we want to take south america , over 20,000 km2 of rain forest are destroyed in brazil alone each and every year .
the underbelly of the forest of towers was somewhere that qevon had avoided since the accident he had as a child .
they say it has been going on for a week and has just spread like a forest fire .
you were quiet like the muttering wind on a peak , like a deep forest of unmarked snow whose thick pines have never seen the spring .
* * * * * rain poured down through the trees , seeming to dance and sway in the wind in all different directions before striking the ground in a strange symphony of sounds that only a forest could make .
the japanese kami , or god , can be one that looks after a whole mountain , or a river , or a valley or a forest .
a forest - - winter -the forest is thick with trees and snow as the camera walks through it .
the linden forest : the last forest defense is this forest of linden trees .
the mayflower forest : the mayflower forest located in the northern most region of the empire of steam .
back to top 19 people of the forest i was so hungry i could eat my hand , man .
she did n't inhabit a space , she filled it and imparted it with her personality the way a lake creates a microclimate for water plants in the middle of a forest .
shamed by his cowardice , markus releases his frustration on the forest creatures .
this forest of concrete was replaced with real forestsand farms , meadows , parks , and small garden plots , as well as fresh water in the form of ponds , canals , and artificial lakes .
the boy had hit the miniature version of crags introducing the decline to the forest .
they were standing on a wooden walkway that wound its way through a dark forest of carvings .
what would a submariner know about a forest ?
if the mountains do nt prove suitable there is a forest to the north .
the water around my legs churned and i could hear the ocean loud and chaotic as it rose up in a towering tsunami , slamming down upon the forest in the distance , felling every tree and silencing the songbirds .
not only forests , wren said .
* * * * dusk had begun to creep over the forest .
and they ' ve been spotted in the redwood and sequoia forests also .
he pushed a door open and a forest of tiny trees spread out before us .
` ` so no more being stuck in that apple forest for you .
but the forest had its edges .
her body is so close to his chest , that they can start a major forest fire .
after eating a little more bread , she pulled an armful of forest debris over herself and snuggled down into her bedroll to sleep .
starting in the dewy meadow , the terrain soon gave way to a forest of widely scattered , enormous evergreen trees .
the pistol went flying and nashs chin was driven into the bed of evergreen needles that coated the forest floor .
drog bodies scattered the forest floor and each of his crew had their pistols drawn .
the sound of a blade drawn from a sheath filled the forest .
chapter two : a deadly flower anthonys eyes gleamed brighter and brighter , their red rays flashing and penetrating into the lightless forest .
he was head of the moori preservers , who for centuries had tarried in this fraction of the forest , guarding and sheltering the esteemed and quite famed moori rivera river packed from bank to bank with numberless and dissimilar sized diamonds , which , on a usual sunny day , glittered with a blinding light , genuine and authentic .
he roared to no one alive in particular , his voice chiming again and again in the limitless forest .
busiku sang out , his voice resounding throughout the immeasurable and widespread forest .
who can hear me , calvin , in this distant forest ?
plus , more importantly , he had fastened back his champed - off hand with the use of certain remedial and effective herbs he had scouted for in the wide forest , and it was at the moment quickly healing and repairing .
bursting through we ran into the forest of pillars that stretch taller than we could see above us .
forests burned to ash .
day shifts into night , the forest comes alive with insects and animals .
it gave the impression of listening to the slow cracking of thick tree trunks far off in the forest .
he recovered his grooves again and threw his hands in the air ; he attempted to shake off the sudden feeling that shrouded him like lurrunas thick , winter steam - fog as it slides into the forest .
he watched the dark soil of the path pass under his feet ; a tree root here , or bedewed fern there , reached in from a darkening forest .
apathetic grey crows watched her follow an unworn trail through mid - island forest and bush .
but he could feel sincere joy in her core , a buoyancy unfamiliar to the red forest floor .
the kawani softly muttered her proclamations to the forest fairies .
his tears leapt into the forest as he half - whispered , half - mouthed , i m sorry keba , i m sorry keba .
the light created a heightened contrast throughout the pack and threw highlighted circles on the floor , like sun - lit stones in a forest creek .
in these immeasurable forests anthony was born .
with shocked and horror - struck eyes , the canis watched them flash their way in the forest , blackening and making it one vast place of insufferable blare and squeal - like rackets to some huge extent .
warring by himself in this limitless forest .
with that elevated stature of hers , and a sizeable but slightly lithe body , she looked so majestic and magnetic that even the birds of the forest could lay out the undivided ( or complete ) day to gazing and marveling at her .
he looked at the darksome but moon - lit forest himthe divine forest he had grew up in all the days of his life and which , in his perception , was hospitable and convivial and fine and high - quality like no other place of habitat .
dead by dawn : the eversors arising episode two jordan sampa valesquez and anthony are a step away from certain death when they are rescued by the moori preservers , habitants of the moori forest .
the sun was hazy and red , due to smoke from a forest fire yonder in the sierra foothills , north of nevada city .
what about the forest service ?
and the forest service dudes are all over at placerville , fighting that forest fire .
and the forest service dudes are all over at placerville , fighting that forest fire .
the oriental woman wore the uniform of the us forest service , and held out a small shiny machete for his inspection .
the woman tossed the machete aside and drew a standard - issue .9 millimeter from her forest service holster .
smoke was rising from wrecks and towns and forest fires .
after infection by the fungus , the ant leaves its colony , and carries the fungus to the forest floor where it searches for a suitable plant which the ant bites onto .
a loud crack reverberates through the forest .
a twig cracks in the forest .
there was a struggle for the knife ; it fell from the bigger mans hands and jarvis kicked it somewhere into the forest before the tracker dealt him a hard blow and wrestled echo back under him .
somehow they had been able to control the flames and keep them from sparking a forest fire last night , although becca has no earthly idea how .
her eyes wander over the green of the grass as it meets the blackness of her pants abruptly , the noises of the forest surrounding them .
the city loomed in every direction , a forest of colossal buildings shifted from fractal branches growing from the massive limb known as the razum buttress .
the ancient fungi forest provided the provider 's forlorn people their first real opportunity to settle down and rebuild .
edged as it was today by a root - mountain range , forests covered the land , teeming with a huge variety of tree species and plant and animal life .
panic rose as we stood surrounded by a hideous forest of freakish necks bulging with the struggling outline of our friends and loved ones . ''
` ` the power required to reach there from the trunk '' vejax 's astute observation cut short as they started to descend , broadening the perspective below to expose the bulk of destruction wreaked upon the forest of buildings before the cliff .
the forest , while stocked with the same variety of animal life , was less dangerous ; where survival was less demanding , providing the mind time to invent , to improve .
there was a tiny old man sitting on a branch of a short - legged maroa , a tree commonly found in the mima forest .
chase had lived his whole life in salozara , a small town off the mima forest .
there were several large forests in sarum such as the mima forest , located south of sarum where chase usually went to hunt , and the giant maroa forest .
there were several large forests in sarum such as the mima forest , located south of sarum where chase usually went to hunt , and the giant maroa forest .
if the short - legged maroas were predominant in the mima , the giant maroa forests most notable feature was the giant maroas , which one could easily deduce from the name itself .
the giant maroas were far from being the most common in the giant maroa forest , ironically , but they were inarguably the most striking feature of the forest .
the giant maroas were far from being the most common in the giant maroa forest , ironically , but they were inarguably the most striking feature of the forest .
there will be fire set to a diseased forest , allowing for new growth .
gastineo deadletter was known as many things in this forest of his and in many other parts of the world , but patient or forgiving were not on that list .
eight - hundred people died , mostly from the massive forest fires started as a foolish tactic , but hanyan hays , his mother , and the family dog survived .
yursas bear , favored in the far eastern forests .
footpaths led down through a forest of pine trees covering the slopes .
it ran almost dead straight ahead , showing in the moonlight as a pair of dull rusted lines bisecting a virtual forest of small weeds , grasses and saplings .
a forest of hands appeared once more .
little animals jumped from one tree to another , looking down upon them , wary of those whom they thought were invaders to their small forest .
and who am i to think myself above such benevolent correction , when even the great stoics of the forest bend to their stern hand ?
they had then cut off all branches between two and three inches thick , sharpened both ends and dug in a forest of spikes around the walls and the gate .
but then , again , if i had nt bought a schwinn meridianits forest green , by the way , a nice contrast to the brown and tan of my desert cammie fatiguesit would nt have happened either .
kate scanned the forest .
he felt fine powdery redwood dust covering the forest floor .
but reason kicked in , reminding him that he was now in the middle of a half grown forest , and that the fire was his only solace in safety .
to the forest planet farnor , where the nyon were hiding .
ions body swayed mildly as he trotted down the forest that had grown around the ruined city .
he could nt do this this is one of the only forest planets around here .
i have seen most of shadow forest you have seen a tiny fraction of shadow forest .
but we were lost in it for three days , and the house was technically a part of shadow forest , was nt it ?
i did nt want to think for too long about where we were going to go , or how long we could possibly last in the depths of shadow forest , where there were shadows and trebestia and old spirits around every turn , among other things .
connected to gila national forest ... cibola national forest .
tanya is a ranger of the white forest .
i am a ranger of the white forest .
we all used to have beautiful views of the bay until the trees in our forests grew so tall that we could only see the clear , blue ocean from the street above our homes .
the sky was gritty , like after a forest fire .
a pair of wings , lumpy with stabilizing jets , jutted out from the forest of sensors , with a matching rotational thruster on a fin on top .
maybe the forest covers the whole planet !
the ossified remains of reptiles , amphibians and even a few mammals lay scattered across the petrified forest .
carinthia , daughter of admirals forest and nok , practically led the witch hunt against mimi .
maybe you can find out what admiral forests favorite color is , or something .
they were built for the forest , with short , brindle patterned fur .
he was forest ranger in the chattahoochee - oconee national forest .
he was forest ranger in the chattahoochee - oconee national forest .
flashes of sandstone blocks glinted amongst the rustling leaves of the forest .
the way i see it , its only a matter of time before a raging forest fire starts between you two .
he could see immediately it was a black bear , largest predator in the new hampshire forest .
country with beautiful pine , spruce and aspen forests on the high flanks ; and sagebrush in the valleys .
oh , perhaps you are a forest guide ?
beyond the fuselage stood a forest of assembly jigs - immense tools , painted bright blue .
on her right , she saw a forest of blue beams - the big industrial jigs that held the fuselage barrels in place , while they were riveted together .
they broke clear of the forest of blue jigs , looked up , saw her , and started after her .
ever see a forest fire ?
they plodded through the forest glades like the walking dead , talking to themselves , singing , occasionally dropping to their hands and knees to dig up clumps of sod and munch on them .
so the fire - lighter people , hampered as they were by forest conditions and by their own shock - muddled minds , were having little success so far .
and the supply of berries and fruits was diminishing too , very rapidly , as the forest 's thousands of hungry new inhabitants picked it over .
he forced himself to eat slowly , carefully , knowing that his body was unaccustomed to real food after his time in the forest ; every mouthful had to be thoroughly chewed or he 'd get sick , he knew , though his instinct was to bolt it as fast as he could and ask for a second helping .
the ship was- nosing through a forest of tendrils now .
a forest of dendrites could be seen through the transparent walls of the capillary ; each strand , each twig with its line of sparkle moving along itself - but more slowly now , and still more slowly .
she picked up the clean fresh smell of the newly constructed wooden rooms , and something else - an earthy smell , the smell of a forest , somehowthe panicky screaming , she realized , had ended some time ago .
some had a miniature forest of lipid molecules partially encasing them .
the ice advanced , and the northern forests fell before it , the great stands of trees dying in the too - cold , carbon - dioxide - starved air .
with the atmosphere ' s oxygen content far too high , and drought conditions taking hold , forest fires exploded everywhere , even as the ice pushed southward .
there was very little inside , merely a forest of packing cases that had never been cracked open .
i can understand why key figures , such as the governor , are simulated in detail , but surely the moods and behavior patterns of simulated forest rangers and nonexistent maintenance robots is of secondary importance to the problem of restoring a damaged ecosystem .
old timber had grown up around it , and was manicured into an idyllic forest of rolling , grass - green hummocks and beautiful , shapely trees wreathed in ivy and autumn leaves .
we follow the chain of consequences - the tracks of the beast in its forest .
our honeymoon was spent on a firewatch lookout atop kelley butte in snoqualmie national forest .
2.interference signature during june of 1979 , earth resources technology had field teams studying uranium deposits in bolivia , copper deposits in pakistan , agricultural field utilization in kashmir , glacier advance in iceland , timber resources in malaysia , and diamond deposits in the congo .
the orangs of borneo are losing their natural habitat to the timber cutters and will be extinct in ten years .
but the equatorial rain forest was unchanging : winter or summer , the foliage remained the same .
the untouched or virgin rain forest was called primary jungle .
as they moved deeper into the forest munro turned self - absorbed , unwilling to talk .
the tropical jungle supported four times as many species of animal life as a comparable temperate forest .
` ` then you know there are none in this part of the rain forest . ''
the pygmies were the earliest human inhabitants of the congo rain forest .
ragora two hours later , they were reunited with kahega and the others , led by a pygmy guide across the rain forest south of gabutu .
the meal was mostly a slender wild potato called kitsombe , which looked like a shriveled asparagus ; forest onions , called otsa ; and modoke , wild manioc leaves , along with several kinds of mushrooms .
` ` leopard , colobus , forest rat , maybe a bush baby , human .
even in the twentieth century , new animal species were discovered in the rain forest : the blue pig in 1944 , and the red - breasted grouse in 1961 .
many bad things come forest come .
i give them ; and only you can prevent forest fires .
the crackling of a forest fire , the howling of a tornado , the steaming gush of a geyser ... all trapped within a reverberant hull .
again , he found himself trapped in her eyes -- the soft look of them here in the shadowed room ... like some forest animal .
he said that some forests were safe and some were not , but did not explain further .
the character for wood - aon dii - included several circles that represented the southern forests .
it had n't quite flown , just burst forth and rolled over a few times through a forest of microwave dishes .
with its own sculptor , its own garden of delight ( a growing forest of new works by the copied master ) , its new titanic mind with which to contemplate and compose reveries to vaddum 's work , it has had a few good years .
imagine : a forest of old shits like me . ''
they then continued on in silence until they reached her great old apartment building with its forest of no - longer - used tv masts jutting from every part of the roof .
what would the human race be like without tyrants -- without wars , vast destructions , forest fires ? ''
the empire is a forest that has n't had a major fire in ever so long .
` ` as you realized , the forest is made healthy by the conflagrations , + -- but not the huge burnings and wholesale , senseless winnowings that characterize the human past .
they were silver shadows which went flick - flick through the loud green smells of their forest .
the pungency of blood was added to the forest smells .
she stared at it a moment in the moonlight , then lifted her gaze to the forest wall across the river .
even at this distance , leto sensed a power in that faraway water , something forceful out of his past which moved away from him like the current slipping southward into the reaches of farm and forest .
the haze came from forest fires in rural pennsylvania , their fog of smoke drifting toward the sea on a light breeze like a noxious storm .
yet , within its limited space , costa rica had a remarkable diversity of biological habitats : seacoasts on both the atlantic and the pacific ; four separate mountain ranges , including twelve - thousand - foot peaks and active volcanoes ; rain forests , cloud forests , temperate zones , swampy marshes , and arid deserts .
yet , within its limited space , costa rica had a remarkable diversity of biological habitats : seacoasts on both the atlantic and the pacific ; four separate mountain ranges , including twelve - thousand - foot peaks and active volcanoes ; rain forests , cloud forests , temperate zones , swampy marshes , and arid deserts .
` ` primary ecology is deciduous rain forest .
rather different from the vegetation on the mainland , which is more classical rain forest .
when a douglas fir tree was attacked by beetles , it produced an anti - feedant chemical - and so did other douglas firs in distant parts of the forest .
the forest seemed to fall deathly silent at that last remark , and mark 's breath froze in his lungs .
the sound of pursuit still rang out from behind , but it had lessened , as if even their deranged pursuers understood it was crazy to head into a forest fire .
the roaring , crackling , spitting forest fire , still safely distant but getting closer , and the occasional hoot or holler or laugh of their new unfriendly friends .
he imagined trina out there somewhere , being held by the bonfire people , probably even crazier with another day gone and the debacle of the forest fire .
thomas could see that they were above a small clearing in a large forest of snow - dusted pine trees - so many that the berg would n't be able to land .
beneath its skin was a hideous , scar - covered face , and its eyes had changed color into an impossibly bright yellow , just like the eyes he 'd seen out in the forest .
` ` or a forest .
lily 's green eyes settled on maeve , calm and placid as a forest pool .
` ` after that , there will be questions , and a rain forest worth of paperwork . ''
surge regards me with bloodshot eyes , a forest bristling from his jaw .
it was hard to see with all the pipes and struts - like being in a forest of metal .
` ` we 're going to start a forest fire . ''
chapter 53 forest monday , october 11 11:11 a.m. kenner was fifteen miles away , driving east on route 47 , listening to sarah 's radio .
` ` i think you are missing '' ` ` and they ' ve managed to survive forest fires ?
fires are essential for the health of the redwood forest . ''
these trees constitute the real primary ' forest , and they dominated this landscape for the next four thousand years .
` ` scientists have shown that the forests continuously changed their composition .
but he had never considered the possibility that they would also have burned forests and changed the environment to suit their purposes .
experts think that if the forest is replanted the glacier will grow again . ''
a lightning fire burns down a forest .
preserving old - growth forest to help the spotted owl means kirtland 's warbler and other species are deprived of the new - growth forest they prefer .
preserving old - growth forest to help the spotted owl means kirtland 's warbler and other species are deprived of the new - growth forest they prefer .
they can help cut timber for us in the northern forests ... . '' she trailed off as she noticed kaladin .
the lighteyed woman assigned most of the slaves to forest duty .
the men wore dark , masculine colors : maroon , navy , forest green , deep burnt orange .
sadeas controlled the only large forest in the region .
the moon silvered the tops of trees below them and there was a sharp smell of forest duff , resinous , dank , churned up by the van and not yet settled .
' we 'll have a forest patrol vehicle for the next stage , ' glisson said .
the clothing was the quiet forest green of neversoil and cut for comfort : leotards , a simple tunic and an all - purpose cape .
` ` part through the middle might be a forest fire , '' murphey said .
` ` have you ever seen a forest fire ? ''
his breath on my cheek is warm compared to the chill forest air .
keel thought then about the enormous undersea gardens of kelp , forests of gigantic , ropy strands reaching upward toward the suns .
keel thought about this craft sinking into a forest of kelp .
candy wrappers crackled under their feet like the sound of a faraway forest fire .
he had originally come to study toucan speciation in the rain forest , but stayedon as a consultant to the reserva biolgica de carara , the national park in the north .
` ` rain forest is an incredibly good environment for concealment .
it was primary forest , undisturbed by the hand of man .
you look at a simpler society , in the rain forest somewhere , and you find that every child is born into a network of adults responsible for helping to raise the child .
people worry about losing species diversity in the rain forest .
` ` what in the - ` ` the forest of steel around them bloomed with light - white , not blue .
and he was not confused about the source of his torment , as were the other beasts of the forest - even the predatory bushcats which denned and littered in the sandhills to the west .
the bear had known men were in his woods again ; he ruled the forest and although it was vast , nothing of importance which happened there escaped his attention for long .
the course of the bear remained almost constant : a straight line which would lead him to the camp of those who had dared return to his forest , who had dared fill his head with dark green agony .
the dry , explo - sive roar of its fall pleased him ; when the tree had finally collapsed its rotten length on the forest floor or come to rest against one of its mates , the bear would push on through slanting bars of sunlight turned misty with floating motes of sawdust .
` ` oh man , i ' m fucked , '' eddie whispered as another tree bent , cracked like a mortar , then crashed to the forest floor in a cloud of dust and dead needles .
rents formed in the darkness and terrible inhuman eyes , each easily the size of the bear shardik which lay dead in the forest , peered down at him .
susannah 's arms were strong - stronger than eddie 's , although roland did not think that would be true much longer - and she wheeled herself along easily over the level , shady forest floor .
the picture showed a puzzled - looking boy and girl with a forest of question - marks over their heads .
to roland they looked like animals fleeing before a forest fire .
these stands , he knew , had never been logged ; this was the primeval forest .
animals fled from the naagloshii as they might from the scent of a forest fire .
there was a flash of light , and the stone tunnel around me abruptly became a forest of dead trees that smelled strongly of mildew and stagnant water .
in , as in winnie - the - pooh , another part of the forest , where a boy and his bear will always be playing ... a category , he thought , imperishable .
a forest of willing hands grew in the moonlit air ; somewhere firecrackers rattled and children laughed excitedly .
the massacred trees , which the dragons used for their sweeping , were in a great heap at the edge of camp and the dark bare branches darker still with dried blood , a forest 's graveyard .
she was beautiful , but she was beautiful in the way a forest fire was beautiful : something to be admired from a distance , not up close .
` ` it takes millions of acres of rain forest to make one beefburger .
all the girls in that long - gone magazine seemed identical with their perfect plastic flesh ; not a hair out of place ( you could almost smell the lacquer ) ; smiling wholesomely at the camera while their eyes squinted at you through forest - thick eyelashes : white lipstick ; white teeth , white br**sts , bikini - bleached .
the forest folk had money , though : a coin here , another there , sometimes stained green by time or the earth , the face on the coin unknown to even the oldest of us .
fewer of the forest folk came out of the forest to buy .
the travelers from other kingdoms have grown scarce and few , the folk of the forest are almost gone .
the forest folk were few , but they were there , and there were travelers from the lands beyond the forest .
as long as the heart hung , silent and immobile and cold , from the beam of my chamber , i was safe , and so were the folk of the forest , and , thus , eventually , the folk of the town .
and the dry lightning strikes across the plains - yes , they 're mine - and the forest fires ; and the funeral pyres and the random sparks and the human torches - all mine .
he looked like some kind of forest god .
sprawl gave way to pine forest .
` ` we might- '' he paused , and looked upon the field : perhaps they might go around to the west - but there were guns on the heights there covering the french rear , with a forest of sharpened stakes rising up around them .
he claims that the virus seems to be winding itself down , like a forest fire that has almost run its course .
the brush of their robes was the only sound disturbing the twilight forest .
giant ferns , with fronds longer than a man was tall , obscured the forest floor , while hundreds of orchids with fist - sized yellow blooms hung from the crooks of trees .
jack stabilized his sub , circled past the pillar and found himself in a forest of other twisted columns and spires .
he had almost crash landed into a stone forest .
closer , a forest of twisted lava pillars enclosed the space .
the neighboring forest of lava pillars shook and vibrated as if a mighty wind were blowing through it .
` ` this nabe has been touched by the shawara , dangerous spirits of the deep forest .
it was not unusual for the giant snakes to prey upon animals who came to the river to drink : wild peccary , capybara rodents , forest deer .
` ` the brazilian rain forest . ''
in the past few years , the race for new rain forest drugs had become more and more frantic , a multibillion - dollar industry .
what with the wealth of the forest readily available - from various fruits and berries to roots and edible plants to abundant game and fish - there was little need to haul additional food .
contrary to old movies , the understory of the amazon rain forest was not a clotted mass of clinging vines and overgrown vegetation .
he used small stones and bits of forest flotsam to pin her netting away from her hammock , creating a silky canopy around her bed .
` ` commercial logging is the single largest destroyer of rain forests worldwide .
more realistic evidence from satellite photography shows that ninety percent of the brazilian rain forest is still intact . ''
` ` the idea that a cleared rain forest ca n't grow back is an outdated myth .
after eight years of commercial logging in the rain forests of indonesia , the rate of recovery of both native plants and animals far exceeded expectations .
and here in your own forests , the same is true .
` ` newest research from weather satellites shows that the forests contribute little if any to the world 's oxygen supply .
clearly the shaman had not lost his innate abilities to move noiselessly across the forest floor .
bushes and low plants covered the forest floor , unnaturally dense .
these are their forests .
trees in this family are found throughout the rain forests of central and south america .
they keep a keen watch on their forest .
` ` it 's just one of the many ways rain forest plants have adapted to animals or insects .
she silently thanked the indians of the forest for their ingenuity .
and most recently , in australia , an entire stand of prehistoric trees , long thought extinct , was found in a remote rain forest . ''
with this strong drive to roam , the breakup of their forests was driving them into deadly encounters with people . ''
jack tracked the encroachment of the forest fire .
with so much forest and brush , it was a needle - in - a - haystack situation out there .
` ` but if there 's any spare change , i know of some hungry dogs that share this forest .
five thousand rain forests .
` ` the jungle in the area is afromontane forest , ancient woodlands .
only a few such forests remain in south africa .
the biodiversity within its bower is denser than any rain forest or congo jungle . ''
sections of flaming planks and branches sailed high while an entire forest of birds took wing in fright , an explosion of rainbow confetti .
the forest floor churned and eddied in a red tide of its own .
millions of crabs covered the forest floor , every square inch .
it sounded like the crackle of a forest fire .
before the crabs decide to return to their forest . ''
on the screen , three homes burned at the edge of a forest fire .
in plain words , he related how ` ` the forest grew quiet of bird and beast . ''
the air smelled of mulch , like decaying leaves in a wet forest .
the burial jars eventually thinned as the forest abutted against a cracked cliff face .
the forest shed the watery willows and stood taller with birches and spruces .
he turned and sprinted through the forest of concrete pylons .
global warming , oil supplies , the rain forests .
still , billy saw how his father 's hands shook as he used brush and trowel to pick and tease the treasure out of the rich forest loam .
` ` a forest fire ? ''
the biggest danger at the moment seems to be the forest fire .
other sections of forest are dying because their roots are being cooked by the subterranean heat .
again painter was struck by its beauty , from the perfectly sculpted head of a timber wolf to the handsomely etched mountain landscape .
a forest of such towers lay farther ahead .
out in the darkness , blue lightning bloomed and burst across the forest of stone out there , corrupting the entire understory of the island .
` ` the mountain , the forest .
the years avasarala had spent building herself from the treasurer of the workers provident fund to the district governor of the maharshta - karnataka - goa communal interest zone , he 'd spent as a political prisoner at a minimum - security facility in the recently reconstructed andean cloud forest .
it sounded like a thousand chain saws taking down a forest .
all around the gondola , a forest of massive columns formed a maze .
makes me wonder if cutter elwes has n't gone all heart of darkness on us out in the rain forest , woven himself into that same tribe and bent them to his will .
piles of cigarette butts littered the forest floor beneath the slings .
the great petrified forest behind them dwindled down to a handful of lonely sentinels out there .
while she was n't intimately familiar with all rain forest life , some of the plants and animals appeared otherworldly .
then as the plane shifted again , something flashed brightly , reflecting the sunlight , sparking out from the forest of stones along the southern rim .
the greenest grass he 'd ever seen - a forest of long , soft blades - ran down to the bank .
frantic beams of light crisscrossed in front of him , giving fleeting glimpses of the terrain ahead - a pine forest choking to death on underbrush , long overdue for a cleansing fire .
he quickened his pace , now clawing his way through the bushes and saplings that comprised the forest understory , jenkins following closely behind .
he 'd heard it and smelled it from ten miles away , the noise coming from an old - growth redwood forest of four - hundred - foot trees somewhere along the border of what had once been california and oregon .
ten years ago , there 'd been a forest fire three miles from the center of town .
they all see a boulder - strewn pine forest in the midst of a snowstorm .
the forest climbs .
the great jaws snapped , and the rear half of a peryton plummeted to the forest floor trailing wet streamers .
the left and right sides of the room were forests of wide pillars , with a spacious central aisle leading to a distant doorway .
we have a diverse forest here . ''
` ` dryads are beings of the forest as a whole .
but she became a frequent visitor to some of the darker portions of the forest , where she consorted with unsavory beings .
the brownie portals are guarded by magic against all other creatures of the forest .
the forest was swathed in gloomy shadow .
trees clustered here , their roots draping into the water , their branches reaching high and creating a forest .
posts set into the stone and striped with his colors - burgundy and forest green - delineated his sphere of influence .
rough channels of water meandered out in a maze through a forest of reeds on the canal side , and islands , oases of wind - contorted trees , appeared in the distance like sudden revelations .
like a forest fire that left ice behind it .
encroaches on the forest of tendrils .
i could not believe , sometimes , while in the forest , that it existed in the same world as our house . }
but duncan kept walking forward , into the unknown , the thick loam of the forest floor rising at times to his ankles .
the trees were huge , and the forest floor , all overspread by that leafy green canopy , was devoid of the usual underbrush , carpeted instead with lush green moss .
of all the creatures of the plain and forest , the wolf is the most intelligent , the swiftest , and the most tireless .
one more mad wolf in the arendish forest would n't have made that much difference .
the only significant source of hardwoods in tolnedra was the forest of vordue in the north , and the vorduvians charged outrageous prices for their lumber .
the fortunes of your family are based almost entirely on the forest of vordue .
bull - neck 's son , khadar , took steps , and the nadraks retreated back into their forests .
the asturian duke 's name was eldallan , and he was a lean , youngish man dressed , as were his men , all in green - people who hide out in a forest usually do choose that color .
we came to know each other better and better , and they brought me information about the weather , forest fires , and occasional travelers passing through the vale .
the limbs of that tree and its neighboring trees interlock to form a roof high overhead that blocks out the sun and sky and creates a permanent damp green twilight on the forest floor .
northern arendia is one vast forest .
if you and corrolin take a hand in things , all you 'll succeed in doing is uniting the asturians , and they 'll come crashing out of their forest to re - ignite the civil war ctuchik was trying so hard to keep burning .
the jousts at a formal tourney can seriously deplete the supply of trees in a nearby forest .
i even went so far as to snoop around in several outlaw encampments back in the forest .
halbren sent word to his own contacts down in wacune , asking them to scour the forests in an all - out search for my wandering seneschal .
then i transposed myself into the form of that ogress that 'd been so useful back on that forest road in southern sendaria a few eons ago , and i was suddenly all alone in the corridor leading to salmissra 's throne - room .
the twins were filling in for me in annath until father arrived , and mother had taken me a ways back into the forest to instruct me in the peculiarities of nadrak custom and costume .
my dancing costume was closely modeled on the one ayalla had worn in the tavern back in the forest .
the first heavy snowfall swept across the mountains before the aspen trees had even finished shedding their leaves , and that combination always makes for a very cluttered forest .
' sorgi 's gathering up the rafts to take them south to the timber markets .
and he came to her again as humid night settled over their muddy forest encampment , drawn to her by a hunger , a greed , that was beyond his ability to control .
midway through the charge the forest of upraised lances came down like a breaking wave , and the defections in the opposing army began .
the great shaggy mass flowed down the hill toward the village and the forest of tents beyond the oasis in the steely light of frozen time as ulath and tynian watched from the hilltop .
the knights continued the labor of fortification , erecting a substantial , chest - high wall of loosely piled stones around the edge of the semi - circular shelf that extended out from the mouth of the cave , and planting a forest of sharpened stakes on the steep slope that led down to the river .
his failure in the forest of astel and his own guilt arising therefrom did plunge him into deepest despair and blackest melancholy .
one of the gigantic figures stretched out an abnormally long arm , and the huge hand plunged into a kind of emptiness , vanishing as it went in , almost as a stick seems to vanish when poked into a forest pool .
the huge voice echoed and re - echoed through the forest .
it was nearly sunset when a towering atan came loping down a frosty forest path to meet them .
i want ditches up there , and i want to see a forest of sharpened stakes sprouting on the sides of that hill .
sparhawk leaned forward as if speaking to his wife and raised his eyes to look at the rocky crag jutting up from the forest floor .
if our friends in the forest decide to attack down those avenues we ' ve provided for them , bevier wants to know exactly when to start shooting . '
then , echoing down some unseen canyon back in the forest there came a hoarse , roaring bellow .
the narrow gap was necked down even more with boulders from the stream - bed , and a forest of sharpened stakes , all slanting sharply outward , was planted to the front .
' we 're over here , ' he called to the white - robed figures out in the forest .
then the two wolves separated and moved in the slow , deliberate pace of the hunt , setting each paw carefully and noiselessly down on the damp forest loam .
the snowy owl came drifting through the forest of dead trees .
` ` after they were converted to the worship of torak , the grolims tried to stamp out those practices , but they persisted in the mountains and forests . ''
garion had seen vella dance before -long ago in a forest tavern in gar og nadrak- so he knew more or less what to expect .
they left the road and angled off into the timber , moving at a cautious walk .
he scratched at his beard , listening to the baying of the hounds back in the forest .
they listened as the flapping of those huge wings reverberated again through the sodden forest .
she shrieked , belching flame into the air , and began to claw at the sodden forest loam with her talons .
the persistent drizzle joined with a morning mist rising from the forest floor to form a kind of damp , gray cloud enveloping the dark trunks of fir and spruce .
i ' ve seen her try to be coy and seductive for the benefit of a burning barn , and one time she flew around for a week making calves ' eyes at a forest fire .
because they could not hew limbs from live trees in this sacred wood , they were obliged to make shelters as best they could with what they found lying on the leaf - strewn forest floor , and their fire was of necessity very small .
back in the forest , garion heard giggles , whispers , and the faint tinkle of little golden bells ; once in a while he caught a glimpse of a flitting patch of color as a dryad scampered through the trees , her earrings jingling .
the forest floor was deep with fallen leaves , blackened and sodden , and the fog hung gray beneath the branches spreading above .
the forest floor was damp and thickly covered with fallen needles from the limbs overhead .
` ` immediately upon the return of the several hundred men i dispatched to procure timbers from the forest lying some leagues to the north , i shall begin the construction of siege engines . ''
chapter 7 they left for demos shortly after sunrise the following morning , riding at a jingling trot with a forest of pennontipped lances strung out behind them as the hundred pandions rode resolutely eastward .
they reached kadach at the end of a gloomy day when the sunset was staining the clouds to the west with an orange glow much like that of a distant forest fire .
a man is not a tree , but the noxious miasma of this forest can not be healthy . '
it was eerie to step around those savagely threatening figures with their foul reek and their skull - like faces in the ghastly light of the dancing lightning , but no more dangerous in fact than avoiding nettles on a forest trail .
they sat on the damp forest loam , waiting for tynian to return .
prologue ghwerig and the bhelliom - from the legends of the troll - gods at the dawn of time , long before the ancestors of styricum slouched , fur - clad and club - wielding , out of the mountains and forests of zemoch onto the plains of central eosia , there dwelt in a deep cavern lying beneath the perpetual snows of northern thalesia a dwarfed and misshapen troll named ghwerig .
they 're quite a bit larger than the deer in the forest , and their fur 's a lot thicker .
autumn was the most beautiful season in the forest , but it also gave a warning .
athlan was curious enough not to just fade back into the forest .
we have two fairly different kinds of deer in the western forest .
it was just after the first significant snow in that year when a young hunter named zathal came through the forest to advise athlan that his father had recently died .
athlan noticed that there were many more hemlock trees here than there were in the forests of deer hunter land .
` ` i 'd say that dahlaine 's cave 's quite a bit larger than your cave back in the forest , athlan , '' longbow observed .
` ` if nothing goes wrong - a forest fire or a windstorm - they 'll just stand there forever .
` ` forest animals hide .
i 'd still be back in the forest if zelana had n't brought eleria with her when she sought me out .
the animals of the forest leave marks on the forest floor and on the trees and bushes that a hunter can follow if he knows how to recognize them .
the sun rose early and set late , dappling the dark forest floor with golden light .
` ` ' there are places like this on just about every major stream in this part of the forest . ''
many of the bones were broken and showed the marks of the small , sharp teeth of forest scavengers who would feed on anything that was dead .
two sets of eyes , one atop the other , glared insanely from beneath heavy brow - ridges , and his muzzle , like that of the other figure , sprouted a forest of teeth .
there were , to be sure , a few contusions here and there on some freshly shaved faces , mute evidence that the heavy - fisted sergeants had found it necessary to vigorously persuade their troops that the holiday was over.to one side of the legions rode the glittering mimbrate knights , their varicolored pennons snapping in the breeze from the up - raised forest of their lances .
` ` he comes from a village in the southern part of the forest of arendia .
lelldorin 's hand flickered to the forest of arrows thrust point - first into the turf at his feet .
on a quiet hillside some distance from the struggle taking place on the north bank , the simpleminded serf boy from the arendish forest was playing his flute .
the trees bordering the upper edge of the gravel beach had been dark - boughed spruces , but once they topped the first rise they entered a vast forest of white - barked aspens .
as the three of them rode south , the scattered clumps of trees became thicker , and soon spread into a forest of dark - boughed evergreens .
the great shout shook the hall of the rivan king , and a forest of upraised swords glittered in the fiery blue light of the flaming blade in garion 's hands .
his ears began to sort out the sounds in the forest beyond the wall , the drip of water from the trees , the occasional sodden thump of snow sliding from the limbs , and the tapping of a woodpecker working on a dead snag several hundred yards away .
doubtless fled from lawful submission to their masters to take up outlawry in the forest . ''
the powdery snow sprayed up from his churning hooves like foam from the prow of a ship.the snow crystals seemed to hang in the air , sparkling in a single ray of sunlight that chanced just there to reach the forest floor .
` ` the children of the forest . ''
some said the children of the forest helped him build it , shaping the stones with magic ; others claimed that a small boy told him what he must do , a boy who would grow to be bran the builder .
the bedchamber felt as cold as the dream forest had been .
each lord had his own demands ; this castle and that village , tracts of lands , a small river , a forest , the wardship of certain minors left fatherless by the battle .
the undergrowth was sparse beneath them , the forest floor carpeted in dark green needles .
here , though the top of the wall loomed eight hundred feet above the forest floor , a good third of that height was earth and stone rather than ice ; the slope was too steep for their horses , almost as difficult a scramble as the fist of the first men , but still vastly easier to ascend than the sheer vertical face of the wall itself .
all that remained of harroway town was the upper story of a daub - and - wattle inn , the seven - sided dome of a sunken sept , two - thirds of a stone roundtower , some moldy thatch roofs , and a forest of chimneys .
the yards were small forests where spindly trees rubbed their bare branches together and dead leaves scuttled like roaches across patches of old snow .
the forest floor was a bed of fallen needles as thick as a castle wall , littered with pinecones .
the forest folk had looked to toyne to defend them , but ser arthur did more for them than the brotherhood could ever hope to do , and won them to our side .
children of the forest .
the trees hid the moon and stars from them , and the forest floor beneath their feet was black and treacherous .
those you call the children of the forest have eyes as golden as the sun , but once in a great while one is born amongst them with eyes as red as blood , or green as the moss on a tree in the heart of the forest .
the singers of the forest had no books .
evacuations mandated for : zein , griffith , winter , forest .
a scream of rage and challenge filled the twilit forest .
haleed 's grotesque and fantastical headdresses loomed over all the court 's most fashionable women , like a forest of lace towers .
the lawn itself is now a forest of wheaty - looking stalks and weeds nearly as high as seth 's head , even as he stands on the low deck .
he does n't know what he 's going to do next - only that a rage unlike anything he 's ever experienced is surging through him like a forest fire .
` ` this is n't really why i signed up , '' lee says , pulling another handful of feathers off the sixteenth forest fowl of the afternoon .
i hear his steps now , quiet against the damp forest floor .
he holds up the forest hens he 's carrying .
as always , my strong little man , you have- and then the words slide off the page , outta my head , and i gasp from the shock of it and tho i can see what 's coming next ( all my love , she says , she says i have all her love ) , it gets harder , knottier and thicker , the forest of words closing up in front of me .
the tree was a sibling to the lodgepole pines that the local tribes used to frame their teepees , but the seed of its origin had been lifted high above the fertile soil of the forest below .
jack searched in the birch forest of khimki , the karakan pine forest , in the forest of ural mountain , romincka forest and forests of caucasus .
jack searched in the birch forest of khimki , the karakan pine forest , in the forest of ural mountain , romincka forest and forests of caucasus .
jack searched in the birch forest of khimki , the karakan pine forest , in the forest of ural mountain , romincka forest and forests of caucasus .
she hugged me back hard and i walked over to look at the view of the forest , it was n't much but it would be good inspiration , forests do n't look the same twice .
a small women facing opposite him turned around , she had blonde hair and forest green eyes .
forest , i had to get to the forest .
my knock echoes in the forest on the solid front door of the cabin .
foxes and wild turkeys live in the forest but this sounds like something bigger .
coastal forests have swamps .
the most recent suicide in the coastal forest was last november .
the renegades forest 21 .
he could feel the smoldering claws closing around his throat , drawing tighter still with each day he livedthe fire that had destroyed his forest may be gone , but it still remained inside him .
the forest is on fire !
he has spent more time living here with me than he did in your forest , where he was born .
alanki had no pack of her own , only a herd of deer that roamed the fields and forest in the warm seasons .
he was in a forest fire , to be exact .
the deer could be seen as little brown smudges scattered all across the grass , like leaves on the forest floor .
tirs wounds from the forest fire were making steady progress in their healing , assisted by the daily poultices of comfrey and plantain palva provided .
above it , far in the distance , hung a thick , hovering blanket of black smokethe remnants of a forest fire , the fire from which tir had fallen .
a forest ?
she had brushed aside the does silly prophecy , however , not long after she had returned to her own forest .
he was free and running , swathed in the shadows of the night , air whipping through his singed fur , cold wind rushing down his throatit felt wonderful , an exhilarating opposite from the forest fire .
he could feel the forests darkness settling over him like cold rain soaking him to the skin and clinging to his paws as he walked .
tis my forest you walk through , understand ?
liyra moved around him , examining his many cuts and new wounds from his scrap in the forest .
but whatever leron said about pain and fear , tir doubted the captain had ever been in a forest fire .
no predator shall worry youive kept my forest clean of them , foxes and lynxes and the like .
his heart was pounding at a horrible speed , and he wanted to howl , to cry himself out to the skiesit was though he was trapped in the forest fire again , the walls of searing colors pressing in on him , strangling him , filling his head with cinders and anguish .
the only number i care about is the number of deer you slaughterbecause you mark my words , it shall equal the number of pelts i hang to dry from the trees in my forest .
blood and bargain the faint grey line of dawn was seeping over the rim of the cloudy horizon as alanki trudged her way back into her forest .
you fell out of that forest fire for a purpose .
she howled longer than she had ever howled beforecrying for the deer , her ravaged forest , and her close escape , throwing defiance up to the angry fire moon above .
tir knew that raatri was convinced that the renegade was no normal wolfhe had caught him telling a hushed story to a sympathetic salka about how the renegade was a demon or a ghost in disguise , therefore explaining how she had managed to vanish and reappear out of thin air in her forest .
indeed , that may be so ; only a few seasons of traveling had passed before we were devastated by a terrible forest fire from which we barely escaped together .
and do nt you find it coincidental , that this outsider should escape from and return to our pack only after meeting the renegade in her forest ?
i think she went back to her forest .
they washed up against her on the rivers waves and burrowed into her fur like a swarm of tiny ticks , blackening her legs as though she , too , had fled misaris forest fire .
she told the fawns of catching the green - eyed wolf in her forest and learning from him that there was a new pack living in the fields .
had nt palva been muttering about some prophecy a long time ago , when he was freshly wounded from the forest fire ?
flashes of the long - gone forest fire blazed in his golden - orange eyes .
the wolf fawn herself had wanted nothing more than to return to her forest , but that was not to betir insisted that she join him in beginning again , lest she return to what she once was .
and so the wolf fawns forest was free to serve as territory to misari and his pack .
[ : ) forest .
she sits on the log , massaging her aching calves , thighs , and rib cage from the intense jogging , jumping , and stumbling over the forest obstacles while she examines her arms which still covers of 80 % of bite - nats black paint , and views the clothing with small rips and tears .
then , a fourth burst of light leashes a heavy thick wave against the dying forest of horizontal trees lining the open field as nature particles bombard my skull like tiny bombs .
i do nt need to use t - powers because i m the new royal babysitter as i neck snap my curls to ira who smiles like the cat that ate the entire forest of red birdies since he has gotten me out of his waypermanently with my new mistress duty .
rann dresses in his traditional white vest and matching white slacks tucked inside his spit and polished black knee - high boots without the satin sash and appears dashing and stunning , and soldierly stands , not alone while dirk dresses in his usual long flowing chartreuse ( that s puke green with yellow spots ) tunic , matching pants , cape with a long sword at his hip hostler , grinning like the cat that ate the entire forest of red birdies as my tele senses ping .
the younger female timbers in her flute soprano and stands besides the older business associate pauses in her ugly beauty then continues .
once upon a time , there lived 25,000 of them beautifully creature thousands of years before the united states of america formed as a great nation of folks , soaring through the free baby blue skies over the wood timber - bordered lakes , fresh clean streams , and salty coastlines .
the male body timbers in his baritone trombone within my eardrums .
a cougar exhibits a tawny brown hide with their long tails similar to sweet forest deer skin hinds and are known as a false deer as referenced by the tupi indian word : susarana .
it was almost white and gleamed in the dull forest light .
the forest talked in whispers as a breeze wove its way through the trees .
we moved on , making our way to a vast clearing in what mr . mac called the forest of lights .
no , mr . mac answered , its no forest fire with all this snow .
the broom flew up and through the branches of the forest trees .
the broom and its two riders swept over the forest trees , their feet touching peaks of the pines .
while picking herbs and putting them in their baskets , the three maidens continued to sing the dark ballad , accompanied by the forest birds .
any forest .
if he watched long enough , he could see several papers fly out from beneath the dragon and flutter away on the wind , destined to fall forgotten to some desolate section of the forest floor far below .
he had kidnapped , imprisoned , and threatened her , after all , but he was still hotter than a blazing forest fire .
she watched the haze roll in like smoke billowing up from a forest fire .
you re not a man my sobs echoing in the empty forest you re a fucking little crybaby , are nt you ?
its not like the forests in montana .
the scents are stronger , piney forest and earth , a flower ready to bloom .
a meager forest .
maybe by the time they got up here , it was too late , and all they cared about was preventing a forest fire .
chapter 3 five men come to an abrupt stop standing over the dead body in the forest of the man who was after kol earlier inspecting it carefully .
well played kol , you have my permission to continue on through our forest but beware there are many more dangers in the forest aside from us .
sliding to a stop on the wet forest ground harig turns to face his pack that abruptly come to a stop in front of him .
watching them steadily kol stretches out his hand towards them , without hesitation the largest buck in the group floats into the air with its neck snapping causing a long echoing crack through the forest sending the other deer running .
the water streamed off of the shoes like tiny rivers bending through a leather forest .
always prefer to double check , forest , said gumshoe .
and he s fought forest fires - literally .
their leaves were beginning to change in color and blanketed the ground coating the forest floor .
the forest will take care of him eli could hear elijahs deep laugh echo through the trees and rumble inside of him .
eli took the chance to run back into the forest of crumbling stones .
a giant oak tree stood at the top like a watchtower to the timber below .
they walked as quietly as possible into the timber as to not awaken anything .
their eyes continually scanned the forest until they reached a deep ravine that opened to crescent black void that was a cave opening .
her body was light and moved slowly as she walked through a forest of bare trees with curving fluid limbs .
ironically , they only have the troll forest left to search .
clusters of pale yellow and red rree - taa flowers hung from tree forks or curled around the snaking vines , providing bright spots of color against the green and brown forest .
deserts were sucked up by tornadoes and thrown like blankets across entire forests , smothering them .
the last conversation she heard between us was the heated one and i did nt want to open everything that happened last night after they all had gone off to sleep because if i had , the teasing would have started all over again and as it is with gossip it spreads faster than a forest fire !
with the name timber hills , i d pictured rolling hills and lots of trees .
when we got back to timber hills , i had a little trouble guiding them to my house , since we were coming from a direction i d never been before .
while jymee covered the walls with his scribbles , the boys had lined the opposite wall with bones and treasures from the forest floor .
the forest exploded into sound and action .
the wall of trees looks as if they have been in a forest fire and their charred remains are all that is left to view .
as he crouched over ambori heard a very faint noise behind him , one that did n't resemble any normal forest sound .
the forest of trees with the vibrant red leaves had been replaced by bright green meadows .
she watched in amazement as this forest became denser , and the plant life began to mysteriously glow ; as the foliage in the forest of red - leaved trees had .
beyond the neatly groomed and manicured gardens , rolling hills and pastures disappeared into a thick forest of tall trees .
she has walked on the great wall of china , escaped a forest fire in the mountains of wyoming , and stood in the ruins of pompeii .
sometimes the forest district would host it , and sometimes the fire district .
luckily , the bush was mature , along with the rest of the forest so it was more than big enough to hide me .
the breaking of a twig rang out and echoed through the forest .
she turned her attention to the whispers , scanning the tree tops and the forest floor for clues .
the forest animals were still .
his deep voice sounded loud in the quiet forest .
the voice echoed in the forest .
rema refused to meet his deep , brown eyes that reminded her of the forests dirt flooring after it rained .
gabriel halted at the edge of keening forest .
the open space at the side is totally red like a permanent forest fire burns within that geographical area of the asteroid .
sherwood forest decorates with real tree brown - colored limbs and brown branches of mother nature from the farm world , consisting of miniature blue fruit bushes , small green trees , real singing red birds , and green blades of short grass .
the farmers are dressed in costumes and appear as a band of robin hoods merry sherwood forest men and women .
she ran towards them , leaping over the forest debris beneath her and following the sound of their horses heaving .
a deep groan matching hers came from his throat and echoed throughout the surrounding forest .
jamison let out a cry that echoed throughout the forest .
she sensed nothing malicious nearby , not even a tender forest animal .
she gained speed and power with each step , gently leaping over any forest debris under her .
i felt like a tiny rabbit among tall trees in a mysterious forest .
well kitten , i m a little nervous too about traveling through an underworld forest .
since then the only sport played at nottingham forest football ground is a brain eating contest .
around 60 feet below us was a forest of coral and reefs .
i wanted to let that flame expand into a forest fire , but she broke away .
they had been created with a forest green glaze , and the top handle of each pots lid was in a different shape .
the squirrel tumbled down to the forest floor .
it stood four times the height of the rest of the trees in the forest .
in fact , collectively , they could even be called a forest .
the spirit had told her that her mother had been killed by a dark person ; therefore , it was now her duty to protect the forest .
she shuddered as it rang through the forest .
if that was just a small taste of what he could do to her , the forest was doomed .
she wanted nothing more than to avenge her mother , to destroy the man that had caused so many tribulations for the forest , but logic told her she had very slim chances of doing so .
why was it her responsibility to protect the forest ?
my mother , earthaphoria , was the guardian of the forest .
in fact , i do nt know too much on life outside the forest , she admitted .
it seemed she had another reason to live , not just to protect the forest .
the forest needs guarding , and you still have much to learn .
if the forest falls , so does the power it holds !
this boy will not be the downfall of the forest .
i will not let my forest fall because of simple matters of disobedience .
your forest ?
yes , my forest .
and in return you will tell him more about your life , about the forest .
then why would you gamble the fate of the forest for some boy when your mother gave her life to protect it ?
she was nt safe , and neither was the forest .
the forests fate seemed to be sealed .
the forest was now in his debt .
do you realize the consequences of the forest burning down ?
she could nt tell which was worse : a healthy forest without aaron , or a charred forest with his presence .
she could nt tell which was worse : a healthy forest without aaron , or a charred forest with his presence .
they are emitting light because they will grow into trees that create magic , as do all of the forests trees .
her routine was as monotonous as it was simple : wake up , eat , work on the forest , eat , work on the forest , eat , and then start the whole thing again the next morning .
kiethara made contact with the highest branch of a tall pine , continuing on to the forest floor .
the forest was better off without your mother .
a cry of despair and frustration rang through the forest as she thrashed against him .
had she failed to protect her forest ?
instead of wanting to protect the forest , she only desired the sheer power that came with being a guardian .
pracilzee was eventually filled with so much contempt for the responsibilities of the forest and her father that she killed him .
kiethara was lying on her back in another one of her preferred spots of the forest , though one , she admitted , she did not visit often .
the concept of new forest , new territory , new mysteries she fingered at the golden locket that was nuzzled into the nape of her neck ; tracing the letter inscribed there , with all its twists and curves , following the path it made on the precious , priceless heart .
she took a ragged gasp , sucking in the blissful forest air .
the forest was what mattered .
the amount of magic they can hold equals the amount of magic the forest creates .
kiethara put her back up against a tree and slid down until she felt the forest floor beneath her .
events today have also made me realize somethingi do not believe that navadar is a risk to the forest as i once did .
i can protect the forest and his life !
you can use your magic because of your emotions and that connection was born with the birth of the forest .
she raised her eyes to him in the same slow motion , gazing into his forest greens that were a few inches above her own with caution .
had she sunk so far that the only reason she could be grateful was that she could continue to live for the forest ?
let him have the upper hand again and the forest only knows what will happen .
one bigger than any other tree in the forest .
kiethara knew of only a few trees in her forest that reached this height , none of which had trucks that could achieve this thickness , for she was sure three carriages could run comfortably side by side atop the mammoth wall .
we care and love for one another just as you love your forest .
the legendary forest .
you and your forest are a legend !
the forest would no longer have any threats against it .
is it foolish that i wish to return to my forest , my home , and protect it from the threats that pursue it ?
bound to protect the forest , even if the price is my life ?
thank you for taking the time to read the guardians of the forest : book one .
please enjoy this short excert of the guardians of the forest : book two kiethara did not have to turn to know who was behind her .
she could hear the forest animals skittering around the floral atmosphere .
a forest will die .
i heard occasional whispers in the forest but paid little mind .
all three - hundred and sixty - five of them , ranging in size from no larger than a twig to the size of small pines lined up side by side in a forest grove .
it was this information that the fat man had only recently learned , and by the time of their first meeting he 'd already decided to abandon the timber enterprise .
they peered through the depths surrounding the great columns of trees , already dark , the sun refused passage down here at the forest floor .
and with it the forest sounds suddenly erupted to a strange , natural symphony that made both boys yell and grab for one another in surprise .
within seconds mark and emma were 50 feet off the forest floor .
the conservatory was lit by huge lenses in the ceiling that channelled distant sunlight down to a forest of mostly unidentifiable tropical - looking plants .
he 's dressed in a white button - up and a green tie , not tacky green but a dignified forest green .
in the background billys forest blew up a light breeze which rattled the leaves on the trees ever so slightly ; cetras waves crashed on the sand and lollypop music floated up from the fun park ; gabbys family persisted with doing whatever they could to get her attention ; and rods desert was silent .
such it was for centuries a riot of human sacrifices , wars and , when they had run out of ways to fight each other , a battle against the earth herself , taking her rivers and streams , her mountains and forests , and churning them like clay , to be molded and used for the desires of one small race .
lost in a forest of souls tangled in bloodlines , a little boy stood to see beyond his pains in the glass shattered by invalidation .
i mean , most families around here and in the forest already have enough mouths to feed without adopting a child not of their own blood .
the squirrel was sleeping in his den as the wolves of the forest howled in sadness and hunger .
in the shadows , the servants silently gathered once more , to spread the rumors of fobata like wildfire in the forest .
they traveled for two days as the sea air and the seagull cries drifted away to be replaced by the smell of the grass and the cries of the forest animals .
she s now in the middle of a forest .
pinkish rays dance through the forest of evergreens before our eyes and elegantly lighten the haven evvie and i now share .
i wish he had nt avoided my eyes as i passed evvie into his care in the forest .
those , she supposed , were forests .
he s dressed nicely with his plain forest green t - shirt and baggy jeans ; the belt holding them up is where its supposed to be .
it was a place in the eastern forest : the most peaceful place on earth .
grimdin bared his teeth , opened his mouth to say something in his angerbut then a bell rang in the forest , twice .
there used to be forests of them , thousands of acres of those trees in every inch of the country .
he was erics mathematics teacher , taking the top set in that subject , but as he had a free period , he had offered to take the class for the young teacher who currently had her leg in plaster after an unfortunate fall from a mountain bike whilst racing round grizedale forests tracks .
chapter 15 saved by wolves the bright moon blazed white light across the warlocks terrain as bane tugged and pulled willow to the edge of the forest of evergreen trees on the outskirts of emersons domain .
the fire that burns through me is like the uncontrollable forest fire that swept through western america years back .
very little is known about the sacred forests , particularlyaguerius forest .
it was clear now that aguerius forest was out of the question .
therefore the forest considers such a man as worth saving .
mostly these were inexperienced poachers testing to see if the rumors about poaching being impossible in the forest were true or not .
mostly he just did little tricks here and there , but at times like these almas got to see just how much influence ulec could have over the forest .
he normally kept good tabs on everything happening in the forest .
his boots , woven from wild reeds and stems , made no noise across the snowy forest floor .
` ` the boy of the forest . ''
charlotta glanced worriedly at the boy of the forest , but it was in a calm manner that he watched evenova pore over his work .
i 'd be willing to teach you the secrets of the forest in return , you know , if you want . ''
but of course , you do n't care , because you 're the boy of the forest , outsider above the law ! ''
and all those plump animals bring out the forest heavyweightselk , wolves and wolverines , lynxes , and even siberian tigers .
the whole forest seemed to have fallen silent to listen to the story about greed and foolishness and appetite .
he was so accustomed to running through a forest of unmoving trees that a roaring crowd proved a foreign challenge .
and when you taught romulus to read in the forest ?
he was in a forest and , as everyone knows , forests are full of creaturesall kinds of creatures , good ones and bad ones .
was he finally coming to the end of the forest ?
it grew as it went , gathering courage like foraged forest food piled in a basket : ` ` listen to me , podlings and gelflings and other friends .
` ` mists rose in the forest depths then , like smoke from kindling .
rock had been falling for mere seconds , yet the entire surface of hallowed hill had quickly become a forest of rock spires .
around the bend , still hidden by a diminishing forest of panic , was a smile waiting for the right moment to erupt .
the forest floor was littered with small mushrooms and toadstools that she carefully avoided treading on .
she heaved herself up a grassy incline , gently sloping upwards , breathing in the sweet forest air .
after mating season ends , they fly off to other parts of the forest , leaving only the females to lay and care for the eggs .
~peregrine storke~ ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly the yell was repeated over and over again , the word echoing through the forest .
everyone started murmuring , gossip spreading like a forest fire on a dry , hot summer day .
trees are being uprooted and are crashing to the forest floor , but how ?
they presently heard footsteps and , knowing the drill , the boys immediately began to search the forest floor for sticks or manageable logs .
i m only need one match to start a forest fire .
you had nt heard of it because carlion is protected by the forest sauvage , also known as the enchanted forest , and by the nimbi , said isdemus .
i walk past gas stations and trailer parks and long stretches of empty field or crowded forest .
wildfire may burn a forest to the earth , but the land becomes richer for it .
as they drew nearer , a solitary timber wolf appeared from behind it , sniffing the ground and occasionally stopping to forage for food .
we were running in a forest of thick trees and uneven ground .
this seemed like a forest fire waiting to happen ; but mr . lawly was confident he had things under control .
unlike the forest that was full of natural tools and props to use , the rooftop was bare and the fall to the ground below long .
he was rarely serious except on his respective sports fields and i could nt stop myself from looking up into his forest green eyes and wanting to falsely reassure him .
i turned around and knew before i even looked into those forest green eyes there was no way i would ever say no to him .
i could tell he felt bad for frightening me , and then i saw the emotion in his forest green eyes .
his green eyes flashed a deep forest green and when he licked his lips nervously i knew i was in trouble .
it took a huge effort on my part and an even greater effort to look in her forest green eyes without cowering .
how nice , my mom murmured , narrowing her forest green eyes just a bit .
` ` your father was a werewolf and shape shifter , and your mother was a forest nymph . ''
if i wanted to walk any further i knew the blisters needed to be pierced , but the risk of infection was high in an unsterile forest .
the air somehow felt lighter and crisper than it had done in the forest .
a forest of hands reached toward the approaching car , greedy for life force .
most of the fog is due to the heavy precipitation we receive and the condensation caused by the forest swamps .
as if they heard johnsons very thoughts , a large boom shock waved through the treetops and a powerful wind erupted across the forest floor .
you could cause a forest fire that way .
its a forest fire !
owl flight must have decided that morning when it woke up that winter should be on its way because the remainder of the leaves on the trees were completely gone and the bright oranges and reds that had filled the forest floors were now brown and gray .
her pelt color was beautiful , with swirls of deep forest greens and lime - yellows in its pattern .
the lasting evidence of a forest fire cuts across the highway , and i am a child again , sitting restlessly in the back of our silver mercedes while my parents stress about getting somewhere on time .
i pick up the phone off the forest floor and aim it at him .
to ruth , combining the peruvian government 's offer with a company like malevcon and its dubious record of accomplishment was like providing a recovering arsonist with a pack of matches and an oily rag in a dry forest : it was a recipe for an uncontrollable fire .
a black forest connected her eyebrows .
who is this guy when he s not making dream appearances , the forest police ?
and what do i see when i open my eyes forest .
forest ... there are no forests near new york .
* * * another patch of burnt forest .
it will clear the forest and the ash will fertilise the soil , bringing new growth , which will bring animals to feed .
we reach the end of the forest path .
because everythingthe forest , mccain , jack , noah and sarahas vanished .
( beth says you need forests because trees absorb the carbon dioxide that causes global warming . )
beyond the wheat plains we speed through a vast forest of low trees .
we leave the mallee forest and cross a wide plain of dry red earth and yellow grass and tough green bushes , beneath a cloudless blue sky .
there will be more droughts in some places , more rain and storms in others , more forest fires .
forests are being replanted , because forests absorb carbon dioxide .
forests are being replanted , because forests absorb carbon dioxide .
the adult supervision of the timber operation resumed later without any blueberry pie in the hamper and neither of them feeling lonely any longer .
all it takes is one glowing spark to start a forest fire , jack explained , which is why you should never play with matches , and only use them when an adult is there with you .
she figured it was either a forest fire , or another campsite .
their tangled branches shaded the forest floor , choking out the underbrush and encouraging the moss .
the elves call it fruit of the forest .
you can hear the dreadful cries , as well as sorrowful songs throughout the nearby forest of umbra .
i can not wait to see how she handles the frightening umbra forest .
timber timber trees in the forest whisper whisper songs of the tortured hear us hear us seeking revenge runaway runaway before your life ends zell what was that ?
his skin was so heavily tinged with green , a deep forest color that was oddly soothing , that there was barely any white .
it is the first wisp of smoke over the horizon that signals a forest fire .
in front of me , the light of the goddess burns as brightly as the flames that took our forests from us .
the roar of the minotaurs echoed across the forest and threw selena into action .
the elves have come all the way from inador forest to attend .
his laugh boomed out across the forest .
next thing you knew , someone would claim they saw him flying through the air or making a hurricane to put out a forest fire .
these are tons of forest fires in california .
they slid nimbly down the muddy slope on the back side of the ridge and entered the heart of the small forest fire .
the warriors boots shattered burnt plants as they stepped through the forest fire and into the soot - filled aftermath .
i swam farther out through a forest of lilies .
that son - of - a - she - goat , aka the bigfoot , with his big horns , could easily take down that whole section of the forest and leave them without shelter .
now , that piece of the forest with all those fallen trees that would be pretty difficult to deal with .
you could nt even cook grass , it was buried deep under the snow , and there was nt any to be found in a forest .
table of contents prologue chapter 1 : pain chapter 2 : raymond and fletcher chapter 3 : archibald chapter 4 : fleeing guem chapter 5 : enya chapter 6 : leaving tayne chapter 7 : making friends chapter 8 : the road to laar chapter 9 : the secret trails chapter 10 : mogami chapter 11 : betrayal chapter 12 : hunted chapter 13 : the road to the mountain chapter 14 : the swamp chapter 15 : crocodiles and assassins chapter 16 : the tunnels chapter 17 : the foresters chapter 18 : starling chapter 19 : lyre chapter 20 : the guild of angels chapter 21 : the five mystics of angels chapter 22 : the resistance chapter 23 : the demonstration chapter 24 : the mountainside chapter 25 : orwen chapter 26 : reunion chapter 27 : the end connect with me about the author prologue elsas village in the gorem forest was alive with life .
the kids scampered among the trees and underbrush , having a great time and making enough noise to raise the entire forest .
jen sat down on the soft loam of the forest floor without joyah having to tell her to and closed her eyes .
joyah touched her chain as she remembered her , thinking of the ring that used to hang on that chain that was now on lilys finger somewhere in the gorem forest .
her cheek hit the soft loam of the forest floor .
they d look at each other shyly before looking back out over the forest .
she could nt quite see the rolling hills beyond the gorem forest , but she could imagine their light green grasses adding even more color to the grays of the mountains , dark greens of the forest , and many colors of the sky .
the wind fed it until it had become a huge forest fire right before her eyes .
forest fire or no forest fire .
forest fire or no forest fire .
then it fell , disappearing into the fiery forest bellow .
they had become so spaced apart it was hard to call it a forest .
could it be the forest god ?
he felt he was the most intrepid in the forest .
he thought about being the king of the forest ; leaving the forest ; meeting a special girl ; going back home ; killing the abductors of his parents ; reuniting with his parents .
the small forest animals are still .
a mougos shepherd who dwelt in the forest guided her into a sheep pen , into shelter , thrusting a crusted loaf and some white cheese into her hand before he left .
then stronger , as if a pine tree sang , then another and another , till a whole forest sang together .
he felt the small forest animals , heard their quiet cries , their delight soft as shadows .
i think being around him would be as interesting as leaving a closed off forest and seeing the rest of the world .
xanthus sawed wood ; grand was thinning a forest .
yeri could see mountain ridges and their canyons to the east , a forest of kelp running along the cliffs to the west , and a hundred yards away two waterdragons staring back at them .
distracting myself from the pain i concentrate on my surroundings , the bed smells of pine , like sleeping on a forest floor of soft pine needles , the room smells earthy too , with my eyes closed i can easily imagine being outdoors , lost in the countryside walking beside my father and brother on one of our famous walks .
vibrant flowering bushes and vines filled the forest floor .
` ` the forest thinks ? ''
over the wall is a forest of overgrown trees , numerous plants , bushy bushes , assorted wild flowers , flying insects , chirping birds , jumping squirrels , running rabbits , and hunting foxes .
another wail cut through the forest .
moments later ember emerged , but she stopped beside an untouched tree , not stepping one hoof into the blackened soot of the burnt forest floor before her .
3 jinji ~ northmore forest ~ blue .
4 rhen ~ northmore forest ~ for a third time that day , rhen thought he was going to die .
this was what the forest was missing .
jinji needed the forest .
shiny forest green paint , layered thickly with years of repainting , covered each door and all the trim work .
he shifted uncomfortably in the slippery forest green leather chair .
alpine forest gave way to rain forest which soon became dense jungle .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ we are six hundred and fifty kilometres to the ottawa forest .
washing the last of her egg muffin down with some coffee , monica looks up and says , sure jeff , you have been boring me for six months about this ottawa forest .
it is about the same size as the upcoming ottawa forest , almost one million acres .
and a response came from the darkness , a whisper , like a winter wind through a forest .
takotoa forest .
takotoa forest ?
that this is their forest .
the skin of the rires neck ripped open and a torrent of dark red blood splashed out , oozing across the forest floor like a sudden flood , steam rising from its surface .
it was there , beside the log , nestled among the dead pine needles of the forest floor .
in battle , fire is great , for the first couple of tries , after that you are so exhausted a forest galoppy could best you .
there are 500 bears in history that held the title of leader of the tarragon forests .
our pocket of the forest only fits a one - room cottage , garden , fire pit and small shed .
i watch him grip its hilt and recall rhoda giving it to him when he turned old enough to look for game in the forest .
he s only a few feet away when i do a flip over his head , just as i do every morning off the log in the forest .
we follow her inside and discover that her home is half the size of our own cottage in haed forest .
i m no longer shiloh , girl of the forest .
rhoda , aden and i considered ourselves lucky if we had a bit of grain to make something back in haed forest .
before that i was poor miller from the forest .
i tell them how i lived a life of poverty in haed forest .
this forest , for instance .
this is an ironwood forest !
soon enough , forest creatures began to emerge from their hiding spots , and the frenzied play of predator and prey resumed .
unlike the forest path , it was set with joined paving stones and neatly swept .
the news had spread into the entire city like forest fire .
under the ponderosa pines in the forest the leaves were wet , and snow clung to the branches making the trees look like standing faceless angels .
he could n't help shuffling his feet on the short red carpet that marked the path into the depths of the forest of knowledge .
it was a sickly green color , like they used to paint forest service trucks back home in new mexico .
hoping that would nt happen , she shuffled behind alex slowly , through the forest of cedars and redwoods , fallen branches , and off - white snow .
we know there are ways of extracting the ore which have little impact on the forest ; if they are used , we should nt have a problem .
they spent some time examining the forest flora , most of it new to them .
they clustered together across the forest floor like tawny reptilian scales and encroached on the foot of the tree .
half an hour later the forest came to an end and they reached a group of houses lined up on both sides of a back road which seemed empty and dusty under the midday sun .
looking into her forest green eyes , i felt a feeling of compassion .
fluky had suggested the perfectly workable idea of burning the dry timber that constituted the venerable buildings of old pottersville until we reached the high timber of the mountains .
by lunchtime , i had cleared the forest of freight containers full of boots that surrounded the shop and was well out in the open of the scrub when i caught sight of fluky 's truck rumbling up the road towards me .
i started to wish i had more forest plants to cover the grave .
peter watched his daughters reaction he had called it right she was just like her mom , a forest fire at first and if you tried to pour water on her well it just changed direction and kept burning , but if you let time wear her down she eventually fizzled out , and came around to the right way of thinking .
we wanted to talk about timber allocations , but he seemed completely disinterested .
no turning back as technology , we grasping it and hanging onto its ability to till a soil , strip a forest , alter a stream and convert a landscape into roads , towns and cities .
of course the sit - abouts in the forest grove have it inside out .
this is the model through which the reader should understand the ritual of temptation , the extemporized drama created by kama mara and his daughters that is about to be performed for a small group of forest hermits .
here , among this convocation of forest hermits there was no conviviality .
not bothering to change or even think about her everyday sari of thick greenish brown cloth , as she left her sisters to return to the grove she said only , all the forest hermits i have seen up to now imitated renunciates .
with these sort of notions i settled in for the life of a forest hermit ; a renunciate .
gotama , though born a prince , agrees to follow the dictates of his forest master in any and whatever designs , submitting like all the rest .
rejecting the advantages of his birth and social position in their full nullity , when it became humanly necessary for him , and later , again without wasting one word about it , renouncing the gurus of the forest school , gotama learned by long , painful experience , the ideal of humanism ; a way around two false extremes .
brown , hazel , blue , green , grey , violet , red , orange , yellow , purple , forest green , lime green , blue gray , bittersweet , burgundy , burnt sienna , pink , cerulean , tangerine , copper , peach .
two the timber bay cabins and lodge occupies a quiet cove on lake superior , buffered on three sides by a forest of spruces and pines that stretches past the freeway in the west and grows thicker out toward the northern iron range , beyond the horizon and farther into canada and north dakota .
on the day after his twelfth birthday , adam hiked up and across the one - lane highway west of timber bay and into the woods with a sandwich packed for lunch .
by day she paced the grounds at timber bay and hiked along the western ridge .
the adults at timber bayhis parents among themhad approached adam with sympathy and caution since his return from the hospital .
she shadowed him often , trailing along as he went for quiet walks through the timber bay grounds , pestering him with questions about his disappearance until cassie came and shooed her away .
he was no longer permitted to hike the forest surrounding timber bay alone as he had before the incident in the woods , but rather than grow angry and let the sourness fester inside , he agreed for a chaperone , his father , to join him on journeys that went beyond the limits of their home .
both had been suppressed by the u.s . forest service , but the dry undergrowth was still waiting for another storm to set things ablaze .
the forest service that managed this stretch of the salmon river assigned camp spots and raft parties were responsible to be at their assigned place each evening .
and the forest service ranger has nt shown up to check in boaters ?
searching in all her old haunts , paul finally remembered her brother worked for the forest service in challis .
where are the forest rangers ?
does it like forest men ?
similar genies and similar cabins are also present in north and south parts of the forest .
these young people who are on streets for freedom , now run away to their forests .
they lay on their bellies on the damp forest floor .
it was everything he d always imagined when he heard the term rain forest , right down to the toucans and monkeys .
the land sloped gently up toward forest of tall spruce .
juniper , they are juniper trees , a coniferous evergreen tree native to high mountain desert forests , the botanist in the family explains .
a bear with two cubs and a buck with two fawns shared the forest .
they belong in the forest .
whatever had happened , however big the forest fire was , the people here probably would nt take too kindly to city folk .
i guess there was a forest fire here ?
as if the air was a vacuum ; no smell of asheswhich is what i should have smelled after a forest firejust pure air .
i 'd seen other forest fires before , and the beautiful thing about those was plants would start growing immediately after .
the forest fire .
then something else about forest fires spreading .
something heavy stepped on the brittle forest floor .
the forest is now over 7,900 acres of stripped - mined land , luring in over more than 120,000 visitors a year .
all forests have at least a few .
skinner walks steadily to his friend , listening to the forest .
all is quiet , except the normal sounds in a forest .
as the forest floor gives way to something heavy , the sound is close .
` ` it was the forest dispatcher and they need our help .
now we hear the crunching and snapping of the forest floor .
the blood drips to the forest and spreads slowly as it covers everything it touches .
i crashed onto it like a tree felled in the forest .
he is an indigenous inhabitant of that forest .
a voice so close it made lavina jump echoed through the forest .
it was atop what preston called his control towera 50 - foot forest ranger tower he had purchased many years ago and rebuilt .
also , my nearest antenna is on my forest ranger fire tower over there , and the height is 59 feet .
they realised the forest growing , vibrant and healthy , might after all be better than a forest logged , cut down and without a heart .
they realised the forest growing , vibrant and healthy , might after all be better than a forest logged , cut down and without a heart .
in spite of himself , he felt a drop of sweat trickle down his face , starting at his temple and then navigating its way through the low - cut forest of brown and graying stubble on his cheek .
once were on the national forest , we move them to new pastures on a regular basis so that the range does nt become overgrazed .
for a while , all lay still , silence reigning over the forest .
he looked up slowly at the punjabi , who still stood in front of the table like a massive oak in a forest of smaller scrubs .
my wife has your forest book .
i read that book she wrote about forests .
forest pine , right ?
lingering over her , david touched her cheek , the smoky smell of the cabin inviting , but also unnerving , like the forest fire .
` ` forced from camp by a forest fire , susan brooks , of south st . louis , battled the elements and won .
the thought of food held little appeal , but when he sat down in the restaurant , and the waiter served him a stack of steaming fresh pancakes , smothered in maple syrup and filled with good vanilla ice cream and fruits of the forest , his saliva glands began to work overtime .
i asked , searching through the empty forest .
al loved the sweetness of the pines in this exquisite forest .
grasslands and timber proliferate .
on this part of the forest path an open meadow was as rare as an island in the atlantic .
i think that the only people who do nt know about this case must be undiscovered tribes in the amazon rain forest .
despite the burgeoning juggernaut brazilian economy , mainly driven by timber exports and decentralisation of the population , preservation of such tribes became enshrined in the strategic progression .
it was a crow of triumph , a challenge to every male ape in the forest .
two weeks short of my twenty - first birthday i walked into the arabaid office in downtown beirut , filled in a small forest of forms , handed over my passport , and gave the infidel west a year of my life .
i was surrounded by a forest of legs , four men , two of them facing me , two of them facing away from the car , clearly on point duty .
if they wanted an easier way in the forest they usually walked for a few minutes along the edge of the forest line to a spot nicknamed hole in the tree a small opening within the dense bush they could crawl through .
there are in town this weekend dusting the forest that s right kyle said , its the military dusting the forest .
sam called out , his voice echo in the forest .
its arms and legs moved gracefully as though it lacked elbows or knees as it walked down the ramp and stood on the forest dirt .
you do nt have to worry , i m pretty sure i think i got control of it he said as he swayed back and forth over forest road .
it sweeps over and down from the medicine bow forest .
there s a cabin up at timber lake .
the train disappeared in a forest of other trains .
about fifty feet to the left of us there a mixture of every forest animal imaginable bursting out of the forest and running aimlessly across the far side of the terrain that ran beside us .
were all hunters but we know when to hunt and how to hunt so that the whole forest does nt go bonkers .
so its a forest fire , is nt it ?
i was caught in a forest fire back in the fifties .
we rested in the shade under the spread of a burly oak tree for a few minutes , and as the guys discussed forest fires with grandpa , meagan and i sat off to one side and exchanged our fears .
i did nt know anything about forest fires except what i d seen on the television news , but i knew that i did nt want to get caught in one .
he said that s how forest fires spread so quickly , because they shoot these things and wherever they land it just begins to burn .
i d never been caught in a forest fire before and it was really freaking me out , especially since in just the few seconds that we stopped , it had already gained more ground .
by now the forest fire must be clear to everyone and yet no one has come looking for them .
and besides that , what about the forest rangers ?
remember that show i told you about , the one about the forest fires ?
she s obviously not going to stay here when the forest is on fire .
but the forest is on fire , did you know that ?
there were pine cones and pine needles littering the forest floor around them .
a young looking woman , considerably shorter than him in a forest green slicker and an odd looking wide - brimmed hat smiling brighter than the cheshire , had spoken .
i m actually a forest ranger , and this is my rangers hat .
butin this case , he said the forest shaman had gone insane or something .
said they would make thousands of them for some thingslike that forest shaman that went insaneim pretty sure if they d tried to calm him down they d have been a whole hell of a lot of prayer sticks sowe could do that if we had to daniel was hesitating a bit .
his mind was a stallion , crashing through a forest .
that would be catastrophic to the tropical forests that rely on the rich soil layer to support their wildlife .
yet , in a way it was quite logical that international air travel had not suffered the same way as had agriculture , the timber industry , or any other economic activity that depended on plants .
the green represents remaining forest and chlorophyll plants . ''
the cloud of dust came up like smoke from a forest fire .
long ago , timber men had to spend the first day marking the measurements for a block and build cabins to sleep in by sundown .
he wo n't be putting out forest fires anytime soon .
to put a stop to it , elyi banished them to a certain domain within the dredge forest .
all they know is the darkness of the dredge forest .
otsana wolfinic village dredge forest a loud slurp woke otsana from her short nap .
deilia carefully tucked the branch inside a pouch at her side and glided over the forest floor easily .
deilia dredge forest the forest was quiet as deilia stealthily made her way toward her usual spot where she played .
deilia dredge forest the forest was quiet as deilia stealthily made her way toward her usual spot where she played .
the dredge forest would also drop temperature at night and freeze the ground with white flakes in spots .
he bore in mind that they lived among the deities in the dredge forest .
i ve read about every dissolved deity that inhabits the dredge forest .
he hoped she had made it back to the dredge forest safely without fading from jade completely .
chapter 14 dredge forest scrowl fixated his gaze on the far edge of the forest .
well , most of the rare types of wood are in the dredge forest .
his eyes shifted to far off in the forest where the tall red fogur trees trembled .
he looked toward the dredge forest his eyes looking frightened .
go back to the dredge forest where you belong !
otsana wolfinic village dredge forest the wind twisted otsanas fur as she ran toward the center of the village after delivering shema to her mate .
murmurs mixed with whimpers rumbled through the forest .
the forest seemed to hold its breath with her words .
she watched as blood dripped down her chin and into the mossy forest floor .
he had to get beyond the borders of the dredge forest now .
king lowen the sounds of the dredge forest made king lowen on edge as they rode around the high trees .
the highways are one of the greatest spots to see creatures of the forest adapting to the invasion of human productivity .
the torn apart forests slightly elevated ground crumpled under the force of the wind , pushing down a shaved evergreen tree .
she was silent and as still as a statue , the large flakes collecting in her hairit was nt coming down very hard , but the flakes were enormouscontinued looking down to where the bottom deck ended and sloped down to rugged forest .
i looked over the railing to the blackness of forest .
the throw of yellow light from that upper deck fanned twenty or so feet into the forest before becoming dark impenetrable night .
jessica trotted up the carpeted steps , pulling back her forest of curls and securing them with a hair tie .
those forest rangers could nt catch a mouse with a trap .
we went from the forest of atholl and headed north - east from there .
a forest of boards sprouted above their tousled heads : ' ua - f against fascism ' ' efl -nazi scum ' ' down with racists and bigots ' .
a sagging five - barred gate , the oak timber silvered with age and exposure , barred access to a barely discernable track running alongside the tree line of the thick forest .
maasai women may think is all about forest .
he knew grant was married although had no children , he would be out with his wife again , in some forest somewhere pedaling through the mud .
especially those mediums that seemed to roast brain cells like campfire marshmallows over a county - wide forest fire .
when he was sure the fire was totally out and could not start a forest fire , he walked to his car and slowly made his way to the train station where he transferred to his original stolen car .
devilfish claimed their spirits had been stolen away from them by a forest demon called pukwubis .
the air was heavy with smells of forest soil and cold salty sea air .
holloman scanned the forest of raised hands approvingly until his gaze halted on janet .
you do nt want to take away the freedom of the animals in the forest ?
the attempt to sow a lawn in the back yard was being met by an equally determined rain forest trying to claim back the same area .
it was only fifty metres from the nearest rain forest cover .
he listened carefully for change in the rain forest sounds , though still limited by his ear problem .
` ` two minor scratches in forest , none known in hotel .
he was surprised at the dampness of the forest floor .
carly wanted to hide in it , lose herself in the forest of hair so she did nt have to see anyone , or talk to anyone , or be anyone ever again .
derek stood next to him and saw beads of cold sweat rolling down zorans chiselled features , his stiff spiky hair a forest of follicles surrounded by puddles of salty perspiration .
sort of like when a tree falls in the forest , but for once i keep my mouth shut .
he said he was actually getting low on supplies the other day and we may have to scale back on the black forest cakes , something about running low on eggs .
the rabbit began kicking its front legs again , throwing leaves and dark forest dirt into the air .
the rhythm of the insects in the grassland may have been befitting for a warm afternoon in timber country , but was too slow by far for a new yorker on a mission .
and you simply want to look me in the eye and ask me if i brutalised some girl in the forest ?
hope nodded contemplatively and sucked in some of the forest air .
i travelled with him in his toyota four wheel drive through a range of parts of the northern territory until we came to timber creek .
susan replied , in timber creek .
despite a statement by susan mcdonald that she left mark bennet at timber creek and caught a lift back to darwin , while he went on to western australia , the nt police have found out this version of events is untrue .
a credible witness has confirmed that she saw susan go into his toyota and fall asleep on the passenger seat outside timber creek hotel .
i admit to travelling in the northern territory , in about august this year , in the company of mark bennet between alice springs and timber creek .
they arranged the evidence into groups on different desks , the pathology of his skull and arm in one place , the exhibits from the murder site on another , the third had a map showing susan and marks probable course through the nt along with the bits they had gathered at each place , photos at yulara , the testimonies from barkly roadhouse , heartbreak hotel , daly waters and timber creek .
f chapter thirty - seven october 143:53 p.m. pikes peak national forest alex stumbled on a branch covered by a layer of snow .
but the rapid re - growth of rain forest areas meant relocation and recovery was not as easy as he expected .
each truck being quickly filled and transporting the vegetation to another site , and immediately after emptying the crushed cover as broken up rain forest filling into a gully , the trucks returned for another load .
the trail was just wide enough for the three men to ride single file , winding up through the thick forest canopy of aspens and maple trees .
the skanicum on the other hand , were just like any other animal in the forest , through their natural instincts they were a valuable piece of the biospherebut you can imagine what happened when they were discovered eating human bodies .
the americans resolve was great , though , and without prompting , they brought the match to level terms as steve membrino , a virtual unknown from wake forest , used his pace off the center kick and blazed and spun through the brits defense much like diego maradona had in mexico city 26 years earlier .
i was trying to save an animal trapped inside a forest fire .
i was burned pretty badly in a forest fire out in arizona .
joshua : ( close up of joshuas face , then panned out ) i was burned years ago in a forest fire .
what work do you do in the forest ?
this was repeated with each group until langer called out , forest group d. anton geller made his way , with the last group , to the side of the hut , where the roll call for that group was taken by the guard .
then he announced , you are in forest group d. your work will be the clearing of woodland .
the sap was sweet , and they secretly began to collect it to pass around the others in forest group d. meyer wondered if the previous owners of the saw had realised that the sap could be eaten and had kept it to themselves .
because of timber mismanagement practices , and an assortment of bad trades , travis 's daddy was well on his way to losing the old home place , along with old man miller 's other numerous investments , before he got waylaid in the cemetery .
amanda tells how the animals in the forest constantly tried to attack them along the way .
the forest brought them by the back of deserted department store at the edge of town .
as the elves search for forest for any sign of nether beasts the sorcerers ahmity and sarah sims begin preparations to open a school of magic to recreate the wizards circle after almost all of the wizards in the land had been destroyed .
a slight breeze blew through the high branches of majestic pine trees , whistling softly to the forest animals .
` ` ok pops , why do n't you start when you were a kid growing up in the small community of forest glenn .
the many forest animals , some returning from their nightly forage for food and others just starting on their daily treks for survival , felt safe in their environment .
the opossums and deer , the raccoons and rabbits , the squirrels and armadillos , all found relative peace now that the big earthmovers and draglines , pickup trucks and work crews had left their forest .
jack parked before a two - story brick colonial that looked pretty much like every other house in forest hills .
yes ... a rain forest .
the lights went out and a blast of cold tore through the bathroom , plunging the climate from rain forest to arctic circle .
they created the vast fortuna forest reserve , prohibiting all those living within its boundaries from ever titling their property and effectively squashing economic development in the region .
jolene laughed heartily at the thought that a sheriff 's deputy in the northern - most reaches of the humboldt - toiyabe national forest would identify a petite female serial killer when no other law enforcement officer had done so .
if we can find it ... '' on a topographic map , will plotted a circuitous route along county and forest service roads that would bring them to the back of cherry 's farm .
the dark spaces between the forest of wooden crates and pallets became sinister abysses with an unlimited number of possible terrifying creatures hiding inside .
lukas stepped forward , but as he did she let out a shriek of laughter and convulsed violently before crumbling in a heap on the sodden forest floor .
there are no fish near borova except those inedible whip - thin eels that attach themselves to our effluent pipes in vast forests , clogging the drains .
chris tried and failed to distinguish whether this particular whiff was from parkers grill or from one of the dozen forest fires that continued to plague the metro area .
spring and fall , timber farmers in the area are always control - burning their woods , until the epa comes down on them .
may 19 , 9.15am jake timber walked the short distance from embankment tube station to one of the hidden entrances of arkane .
he turned to see the arkane agent jake timber pointing a gun at the head of the guard in front of him and holding a bag in his hand .
the heat in his voice could have set a forest on fire in a dry land .
nevertheless , the leaf - carpeted forest floor was surprisingly open and airy , and creep had little trouble pioneering a path through the saplings , ferns , palms , and other herbaceous plants .
plants and brush and low branches no longer hampered their movement , but the forest of towering trees was dense .
he had to move around little alders and saplings that were trying their best to gain a foothold in the forest underneath the bigger trees .
she will be the perfect guide into the suicide forest .
the forest around the track was dense , dark and cool .
people consider aokigahara to be the suicide forest , but that is only half the story .
if word got out , the forest would be overrun by a flood of pretenders .
* * * * * sloshing frantically through the swampy forest at the rivers edge , frank took to the snarled branches .
frank rushed through the sodden forest .
grimwald forest consists mainly of high trees that are widely spaced .
his anger , his guilt , his pain grew inside him like a forest fire .
i could feel the raw cuts in my face burn as they scraped the forest floor until a coolness hit my lips .
the forest pathway beyond was dark with shadow .
in the dark the scrubby plain grass had given way to shrubs and then a ragged forest of short dry trees and they had to stop to camp .
yeah him and his girlfriend debbie forest .
chapter 1 timber wolf air did not even have a counter in the terminal at felts field municipal airport but reid tucker eventually found a sign directing prospective customers to an office a hundred meters beyond the building .
at least the sign shaped stylized timber wolf looked professional .
a bright yellow amphibian aircraft sat in front of timber wolf air 's hanger .
this was the fourth tiny inlet they had searched and lorie 's earlier confidence had become uncertainty as the whole north side of the middle fork was indented with bays , inlets and tiny creeks tumbling down from the forest .
lorie asked ` ` i was devious and determined , '' she replied and began her story ... * ` ` this road leads nowhere , ma'am , '' the forest ranger said and grinned at erika who sat in the driver 's seat of the old jeep .
the man was hurled back , screamed and the report vibrated through the forest .
* chapter 13 the timber wolf air beaver was a single engine floatplane that was used by several local companies so if seen over eagle 's claw lake nothing would be out of the ordinary .
basically , she could stay in the fir forest and die of starvation or return .
he 'd been kept fully informed on what was happening there but wanted to see the situation for himself * it was late afternoon when the floatplane glided in over the fir forests , landed on darkwater lake and taxied up across the jetty from where the timber wolf air cl-215 was moored .
the two engines roared and the timber wolf air airplane increased height to head south .
the timber wolf air beaver , though , had the floats replaced by skis and they had a lucrative business flying skiers to winter resorts and ski fields in the mountains .
in the dreams his two children were always lost in a forest fire , calling for him to come and save them .
thick , dark clouds threatened on all sides and as far as kenny could see they covered the rain forest below them .
on the mantelpiece was a forest of various hand - made clay ornaments , within which were nestled the kind of pictures any doting parents would keep : photographs of thomas growing up , images of his parents in many a happy pose on many a happy occasion .
i work in the ituri forest , to the east of here .
the okapi , a large ungulate and forest - dwelling relative of the giraffe , was first discovered in the ituri forest in 1901 , and remains one of the most recently discovered large animals .
the simple recruitment of a young child had turned into a newsworthy forest fire .
they were showing videoagainof the raging forest fire , along with a recent school photo of the missing carolyn whitcomb , sporting a toothless grin .
mine was smothered by dead trees , snuffed under a flattened forest of collier paper reams .
he also leases timber rights on another 10,000 acres from other people .
i thought he might have taken off , up to the timber lease property and broken down or something .
i hate to say this but matt and i made a few enemies when we bought the timber rights on beaver creek .
no matter , he ca n't close those gates until the first of december unless we dropped our timber rights on the land upstream .
if they were going to flood the land then why would anybody want to leave the timber ?
well , the brawl with the pary family is mainly over timber rights along the creek , but if they know that matt is not around anymore to interfere with that issue , then miss abatha might go after the cemetery .
i guess you re right but a timber lease is nt reason enough to kill somebody .
so we got the cemetery land dispute ; we got the timber property rights dispute ; we got one of matts employees dead from a fall in the chipper after being arrested during a drug haul .
chapter 12 blake squires and catfish were bouncing and rattling around inside the cab of the pickup truck along a heavily rutted timber road about eight miles north of the beaver dam site .
from what i read , it was mainly trouble over the timber lease but he also wrote about the cemetery and how he was trying to stop them from plowing it under .
the timber lease that s blocking a million dollars in profits and above all the getting rid of matt protects the murderer , miss abatha .
the dam would have already backed up the water and flooded the timber and the cemetery would be gone too .
also , if matt veal had relinquished timber rights upstream then he must have done so in the past week , but how if he was out of town ?
veal and i own the timber rights on this property .
blake said , well that does tell us something , however , thompson received a faxed letter from matt in which he rescinded the timber rights .
no doubt this timber partnership was the epilog of matt doing business with blake to help him get established , right ?
i ve heard all about matt having problems with him over some business situations involving a timber lease north of beaver dam .
his mind went back to the immediate problems , mainly the safe and what the others were going to do at the timber office .
you think veal believes that bull story about squire 's owning half of matts timber rights on beaver creek ?
he told me then he was dropping the timber claims and to let them go ahead and close the gates on the dam .
it could be the cemetery or the timber lease , heck just about anything along those lines could be it .
did you find the copy of the timber rights contracts ?
i m starting to think the timber lease may have more to do with matt vanishing than any of us realize .
there was two cases of dynamite inside they kept there for blowing beaver dams on the timber tracts .
some of the guards entered the forest of pillars encompassing the colonnade .
there were a dozen sporting guns racked horizontally behind a forest of vertical guitar necks .
he was pleased to find this lower level deserted , only a few dusty cars dotting a forest of cement pillars .
three feet below , a forest of foam needles pointed ominously upward .
the new lengths looked like a forest of short stilts , ready to hold the new floor up .
he could hear the quiet ticking of the wood , the song of the forest birds , the silent sound of sunny morning air .
he put in calls to the chicago cops , and then all the departments on the north shore right up to lake forest .
and there was some sort of crushed sandstone in there , very different , but it 's what the forest service use on the forest tracks up there . ''
and there was some sort of crushed sandstone in there , very different , but it 's what the forest service use on the forest tracks up there . ''
metal on wood , a loud sound in the forest night .
holly went silent , on the forest floor beside him .
he called the montana state police , the power company , the phone company , the forest service .
owned and operated by the forest service .
those threads were forest service tracks .
until the national forests guy came up the short aluminum ladder into the command post .
the forest guy shrugged .
the forest guy shook his head .
` ` you 're the damn forest service , and you want us to tell you where your own tracks are ? ''
useless in a sun - dappled forest .
` ` forest service guy did n't say that , '' mcgrath yelled back .
` ` you said the pickup had spent time on forest service tracks , right ?
on the outside , vera was just as cool as a baby sittin on a block of ice , but inside the temperature looked to be quite a bit hotter ; about as hot as it gets in the middle of a forest fire , i 'd say at a guess .
a crown vic , plain steel wheels , a forest of antennas , virginia plates .
miles away there was a forest of oil derricks visible against the skyline , all surrounded by tin huts and abandoned equipment .
the cornerback , nicknamed the professor , had played sparingly at wake forest as a youth , and now , in his mid- thirties , he was pursuing yet another degree in italian literature .
there was the usual forest of signs .
that forest of lights away to starboard must be st moritz !
the map was dotted with symbols , forests of them here , blank spaces there .
below there was a forest of print .
a forest of fingerprints showed .
he had pointed to the forest of little flags round the trafalgar palace .
the great six - lane highway stretched on through a forest of multi - coloured signs and frontages until it lost itself downtown in a dancing lake of heat waves .
then he lay on his bed and smiled to himself over some of the things she had said , and thought of her lying in her bath looking at the forest of bath - taps and thinking how crazy the english were .
` ` in the theatre this is what 's known as ' dressing a thin house ' , '' said tiffany as they sat down amidst the forest of empty chairs and tables .
ahead of them as they climbed there was the forest of squeaking , scuffling red pin - points that grew denser on both sides of the central gutter .
as he waited , listening , he could hear the tiny scuttling back towards him , and gradually the forest of red pinpoints gathered again , peering at him through the mesh .
the horror of having to burst through the mesh in the darkness - doctor no would not have reckoned with bond 's lighter- and squash through the forest of eyes , crushing some soft bodies , but feeling the jaws of the others lance home .
now bond could see the forest of tentacles that flowered out of the face of the thing .
the eyes were glaring up at him , redly , venomously , and the forest of feeding arms was at his feet and legs , tearing the cotton fabric away and flailing back .
there were a couple of deal chairs and a table covered with a large - scale map of the forest of st germain .
an hour later still , when the high sun had darkened the shadows , james bond silently edged backwards along his branch , dropped softly on to a patch of moss behind some brambles and melted carefully back into the forest .
` ` at ringwood in the new forest .
there were more clumps , the ink splashes of sea eggs , crowds of small glittering reef fish , a small forest of sea fans that beckoned and waved with the ebb and flow like the hair of drowned women .
i stretched my arms and opened the door and slid out and stumped around for a moment like a guy easing his cramped legs and relishing the fresh forest air .
they were as a congested forest , suffocated by deadwood , awaiting god 's lightning strike - the spark that would finally ignite the fire that would rage across the land and clear the deadwood , once again bringing sunshine to the healthy roots .
the informational plaque described a cathedral - size subterranean room - nearly two football fields in length - with a ceiling spanning more than a hundred thousand square feet and supported by a forest of 336 marble columns .
we 're on our own , the director of the who thought , staring out at the forest of columns reflected in the lagoon .
fighting communicable disease was often like fighting a forest fire : sometimes you had to drop back and surrender a battle in hopes of winning the war .
they became viral hosts ... unwitting accomplices who transferred the virus to others , sparking an exponential proliferation of disease that will now have torn across the planet like a forest fire .
the buildings of the city receded behind them and gentle forest built ahead .
the top right quarter was occupied by a large map of the united states , dotted with a forest of flags .
there was a forest of signs in oriental script .
he stood on the stage , on guard and tense , appraising the audience like a wary animal sniffing for danger in a forest .
it was waltham forest magistrates ' court .
it was even more of a shock because everyone had been expecting woody to marry mimi carson , a beautiful , intelligent young heiress to a timber fortune who was madly in love with woody .
she had been born in kelso , washington , a small timber town founded in 1847 by a homesick scottish surveyor who named it for his home town in scotland .
she read about the pioneer families of chicago - the john bairds and gaylord donnelleys , the marshall fields and potter palmers , and walgreens - and she passed by their homes on lake shore drive and their huge estates in suburban lake forest .
when a bantu dies , isiko demands that the members of his family retire to the forest so that the rest of the community will not have to share their distress .
robbie draws the moment out , looking at the forest of raised arms and solemn faces .
where 's the liberal or conservative side in a big messy divorce , or a boundary line dispute between two timber companies ?
they had just picked up five new clients - two large timber companies , a pipeline contractor from houston , and two natural gas firms .
you fight these bears for ten years , up and down the appellate ladders , out of one courtroom and into another , battling the creative legal minds of the aclu and similar outfits , producing along the way enough paperwork to destroy a rain forest , and right when you ' ve got him in your sights , he files a ton of gangplank appeals and one of them gets noticed by a judge somewhere who just happens to be in a tender mood .
a forest of silver and gold chandeliers hung above a richly detailed mosaic floor .
asgar sent out his point men , nodded to jon , and the remainder broke into two columns and moved deeper into the timber .
converse stood on the small balcony , his handson the railing , looking down at the majestic riverbeyond the forest of trees that formed the banks ofthe rhine .
when the stress level became too great , what would prevent him from slipping into the madness that came from the forest of broken connections within his brain ?
perlis said nothing , but bourne saw him curl the fingers of his right hand , pushing them into the leafy forest floor .
a forest of bristles sprouted from his ears and the backs of his blunt - fingered hands .
without even thinking , he got into his car , drove north into the forest of dripping firs and weeping hemlocks .
a crack in the distance intruded upon the sounds of the mountain forest .
he knew the forests , and every forest was a jungle and every jungle was his friend .
he was the man in that forest preserve who did all the talking , was n't he ?
minutes later he saw the glow of cigarettes , and moving like a forest cat , crept closer and closer until he was within ten feet of the group of men .
there were none ; there was only the constant murmuring of the forest beyond the prohibiting fence .
no directory was in sight , but a student bulletin board advertised apartments , books , companionship , almost everything , it seemed , including a summer studies program at wake forest law school .
` ` something as low - tech as forest fires .
skirting the forest ranger 's station , he headed up two - lane blacktops until he came to a sign that read no stopping , slowing , turning or standing here .
it was a long low one - story brick structure with a forest of tall radio masts bolted to its roof .
we saw a million tons of forest debris , and nothing else .
` ` well , he finished a year before we did and went to law school at wake forest .
when the forest service wanted to give up the hunt , his father had raged and pushed all the levers of academia and state politics .
the result was the forest service grumbled but soldiered on , eventually finding him , miserable and frostbitten , in a cave on the snowy slopes of marcy .
destruction of the rain forests .
the aroma of sun - warmed forest duff scented the air .
his high - planed face with the dark blue eyes looked ominous in the shadowy forest .
then he , marty , and randi sped away through the timber .
a petrified forest of former manufacturing concerns .
firewood was harvested and sold from the surrounding forests .
cassiopeia hustled through a forest of cypress laden with dripping moss beards .
in 1977 , i had written the obituary for juror number five , mr . fred bilroy , a retired forest ranger who died suddenly of pneumonia .
the retired forest service biologist from british columbia had already won their admiration by forcefully demanding ` ` immediate action '' to achieve the movement 's goals .
the forest of rambouillet lay roughly thirty - five miles southwest of the city .
the snow is on the ground , the sun is melting it , and before you shake the vodka from your head , the forests will be green again ! ''
it glistened in the morning sunlight , a small alabaster palace set in an alabaster glen carved out of snow - laden forest .
the tenants became the heirs of a thousand fields and pastures , streams and forests .
beowulf agate retreated into the underbrush , pulling the forest debris over him .
moving carefully , she headed into the timber and threaded her way through the vegetation until she found what appeared to be an animal trail .
take a match and make a forest fire .
the same clumps of forest and pasture also remained .
in the distance rose the hulk of notre dame , engulfed by more church domes , zinc roofs , and a forest of chimney thickets .
some brush started to burn , and i thought maybe i had started a forest fire .
the forest was not entirely silent ; forests never were .
dewitt reported a green flash visible through the foliage , which was normally indicative of a fueltank explosion on the forest floor .
he was absolutely at the top of his own particular tree , and it was a big tree , high , wide , and handsome , with roots and branches spreading everywhere , but there were bigger trees in the forest , and safir 's was one of them .
he had just twenty miles to go , most of them on an unmapped forest track , to a point a little less than four thousand yards north of the line .
today , jack observes , henry comes attired in one of his malaysian teak forest owner ensembles , a handsome collarless shirt , shimmering braces , and an heirloom straw fedora creased to a fare - thee - well .
at this moment he would try to fly off a mountain for her if she asked , or walk through a forest fire , or bring her polar ice to cool her tea , and those things do not constitute being all right .
anything , today , turned out to be forest green pants .
forty - four through the forest of chair legs , she watched them come - disembodied feet and legs , at least half a dozen pairs , strolling into the dining room .
the sand felt better than the forest floor .
the forest dwindled into alpine tundra - shrubs , grass , and rock crusted with black and yellow lichen .
i was getting ready to investigate packer 's room , when the forest service showed up .
` ` yeah , my attitude 's been , fuck the forest service .
they climbed onto the bank and up the muddy gully on the other side , hiked several hundred yards over a forest floor carpeted with brilliant aspen leaves .
the slide had carried her a few hundred yards downhill , the debris path littered with forest carnage - curdled snow and spruce and splintered aspen .
the special agent with the forest service made her nervous .
the mountainside fell away from where we sat for a thousand feet , and the late - afternoon sun shone on the forest of bare trees in the valley below .
it begins to hail , chunks of ice the size of ping - pong balls pelting the forest floor and flopping fatly into the orange pool .
the pond was dark as black tea , steeped in tree roots , clear to the bottom , and rimmed by black spruce - a glade of water in the forest .
the word gridiron hung in the air like a crooked painting , blending into the forest sounds .
she looked back across the forest of machinery , eyes locking in on him .
his voice echoed through the immense lobby as the beam of his light passed across the hearth and moved up seven stories of framework supported by a forest of burnished tree trunks .
across the basin , a herd of elk grazed the edge of a lodgepole pine forest still recovering from a recent fire and interspersed with dead gray trees .
i find an article about a forest fire that happened in the general location .
` ` a forest .
i have n't showered since i left the forest .
blood stained his tattered sleeve and began dripping to the forest floor , bright red on brown and green needles .
the officer fell back from his horse , a red hole where his face had been , his body thumping to the tinder - dry forest floor .
and , like me , i think she knows that love can not progress , that we can not live out our lives together , either in this forest or in england , that there are too many barriers between us and our lives together : her tribe , for a start .
8 october 1757 i though it was cold , the sun was shining this morning , a day best described as ` ` sun - dappled , '' with bright light pouring through the canopy of trees to paint the forest floor a patchwork of gold .
from my crouching position i sliced up and back and opened the stomach of the second man , who dropped to his knees with his insides glistening through a gaping hole in his tunic then fell facedown to the soft forest floor .
ii in a clearing in the forest i crouched and regarded what i held in my hands : my mother 's necklace in one , my father 's amulet in the other .
i just need to hold it together long enough for everything to slow down and then i 'll catch a nice long sleep and the boy will go back to his forest , people will stop looking rubbery , the mice will go back in their holes , and the black flies will follow them .
the room was filling up with men coming in from the storm , shaking the moisture off black slickers and black forest ranger hats , coughing , smoking , passing around the not - so - secret flasks .
the forest greens and coral whites , pale blues and burnt yellows dropped away and turned to square quilted patches as we rose into the clouds and headed north .
the bugs we 'd placed in mullen 's place revealed that he called his mother every night at seven and had the same conversation about why he was n't married , why he was too selfish to give his mother grandkids , why he did n't date nice girls , and how come he always looked so pale when he had such a good job working for the forest service .
he was neither now -- young nor mayor -- but in 1896 he 'd been a fair - haired republican naif who 'd been fed to the rabid demo cratic ward bosses while the brahmins searched for a longer - term solution of more substantial timber .
` ` i do n't imagine you will , '' valerie said softly , noting that beyond the manicured lawn was what appeared to be a forest of trees .
all around them , the warriors were preparing to fan out and begin their search of the outlying forest .
the plumes of fire shot out in all directions , showering large chunks of splintered wood and burning embers down onto the forest .
a forest of blackened tangles loomed all about him , the remains of the famous lightwood gardens .
sylvia was fishing in her basket , not afraid tostand close to the vampire prince since he was surrounded by a forest of lances .
rang out , but jenks and i were across the street and in the square , flying through a forest of polyester slacks .
lady maccon immediately began upending her many suitcases , with tunstel 's assistance , right there in the midst of the forest of hats .
a few hundred feet below she saw a black and white magpie skim across the forest roof .
away in the forest , the magpies screamed .
it 's like watching a forest fire when the wind changes and suddenly it 's roaring down on all the houses you thought were built so strongly . '
her gaze fell for a moment on the forest of familial pictures , and then she removed a boot and hammered on the wall beside her .
the newcomer approached them , parting the forest of dangling hats and , upon seeing ivy 's plight , leaped to her aid .
her partner , forest - how sickeningly sweet was the deliberate pairing of those names ? -froze at the sight of his woman helpless in raze 's arms .
it seemed forest found it arousing to watch his woman manhandled roughly .
they accepted violence as easily as the animals in the surrounding forest did .
like the wolves roaming so freely in his forest .
the black wolf was no ordinary wolf , and not one of them wanted to follow it into the timber .
the forest creatures huddled in their dens and holes , rather than face the smell of the ashes and the death of the home of one who was so much a part of them .
it was buried deep , seething below the surface , disturbing the harmony in the air , in the forest .
as if in perfect understanding they soared higher , shimmering feathers beating strongly as they raced silently toward the clouds high above the forest floor .
sasha bared her teeth while forest openly snarled .
` ` sasha and forest were lying with me on the bed , sweet as usual , and then sasha began to get agitated .
within minutes , forest followed suit .
this man who stood so calmly and faced death , who could destroy an enemy mercilessly , ruthlessly , thought first to heal her and then the creatures of the forest .
desari broke away from him to pace restlessly across the pine - strewn forest floor .
the two leopards , sasha and forest , were locked in one of the rooms provided for the band members .
yet it can be so hard on her ; part of her takes on the pain of the destroyed forests , the soil . ''
the feel of gently falling snow , the sway to the trees as the breeze whispered through them , even the scent of the crisp air , all brought joy to him as he spiraled down to the forest floor to the appointed meeting place .
mikhail sat quietly , his senses flaring out to bridge with the power emanating from the forest of crystals .
a forest of sharp , jagged rocks speared through the ground aimed at the hunter .
she crouched lower and moved with more caution , weaving through the dense brush and timber .
the branches in the pine forest clacked together and needles flew like sharpened darts through the air .
sasha and forest pressed close to him , rubbed up against him .
sasha and forest preferred to hunt from tree limbs , leaping onto unsuspecting prey from above .
thus it was necessary to keep sasha and forest under control .
sasha and forest must feed first so they would be preoccupied with devouring their prey when he hunted for fresh blood .
darius further helped by simply stilling the wind , holding it away from the deer until forest was within a scant foot of his doe and sasha 's prey was directly beneath her tree limb .
ferns grew abundantly on the forest floor , shades of green carpeting the area in a curious aqua in the blue of the night .
he had left behind no living enemy and knew forest had done the same .
exhausted , he finally called in forest , and man and cat made their way back to the bus together .
i will send forest hunting him , '' barack snapped .
he could smell her now , a clean , fresh fragrance suggesting the outdoors , the rain forest after a cleansing downpour .
far below , on the forest floor , the silver net lay tangled in a heap .
there was stillness now , as if the forest held its breath .
solange had already melted away , lost in the forest of orchids and fungi and fern .
almost at once he could smell a fragrance , a hint of fresh air , a suggestion of wild flowers and forest .
the amazon rain forest passed through eight borders , extending through the countries with its own perse life forms .
the eagle slid noiselessly through the tree branches and settled on a broad limb high above the forest floor .
flowers burst into bright color , winding up the great trunks , curling around limbs , petals drenched and dripping , alive with vivid beauty through the various shades of green that made up the rain forest .
buttress roots of the emergents -- giant trees that pierced the canopy -- dominated the forest floor .
the twisted , elaborate shapes provided sustenance as well as support to the largest trees in the rain forest .
caked blood began to run with the infusion of water on her pelt , down her leg , to drip onto the forest floor .
she could swim , but she was exhausted and the rain had swollen the banks of even the smallest streams , so the entire forest floor seemed bursting with water .
the woman is as cunning and as wild as the cats in the rain forest .
it was always important in the rain forest to cleanse and close a wound , applying an antibiotic cream -- and this was no exception .
her cat 's eyes allowed her to see in the dark as she made her way through the trees and brush , the forest of giant ferns and the tangle of roots snaking across the ground .
no predator that walked the night familiar to the rain forest inhabitants .
the frogs began their nightly chorus , singing to one another from the various puddles on the forest floor , while the tree frogs chirped much more gently and harmoniously .
the forest had n't shrunk back , appalled at the foul abomination of nature .
his growls rumbled hideous and loud , so that the forest creatures went silent , cowering in dens .
the forest seemed to hold its breath as the cat dragged its body up to the next level .
she was used to the laws of the forest , but this was something altogether different .
his voice boomed through the forest , shaking the trees .
` ` i ' m fucking going to make your life hell , you little bitch , '' he raged , his snarls reverberating through the forest .
the rain forest .
he seems confused , and one can not be confused in the rain forest .
she needed air ; the room seemed so hot and oppressive , much like the rain forest .
respect for the rain forest 's strongest predator made him hold back .
just as he 'd expected , the soil was terra preta , fertile black soil found among the poorer reddish clay or white sand in the rain forest .
unlike the other soils of the rain forest , the terra preta maintained fertility .
did you know that there are a million and a half ants per half acre in the rain forest ? ''
because wanting to jump him was most likely the effect of the rain forest , all sultry and sweaty .
she was a grown woman and believed in responsibility , although nothing that had happened to her since entering the rain forest had been normal .
rain forest creatures were complicated .
she had been that infant someone had hunted through a forest and nearly killed .
` ` sometimes the forest has ears . ''
they headed up the organizations to save forests and animals .
the mark he 'd left on her throbbed , burning a little , reminding her that no animal in the rain forest was as unpredictable or as violent .
she had never seen anything - including the rain forest predators - exploding into violence so fast .
in the rain forest .
she 'd never had such a reaction to any other male , but it had happened once before with him in the forest .
limbs cracked under the weight , eventually shattering into pieces and falling to the forest floor .
the plants were dead , as were the leaves and vegetation lying on the forest floor .
harpy eagles lived in the amazon rain forest , flying gracefully , agilely through the trees .
` ` you love brazil and the rain forest .
i am like the great cats in the forest , or the wolf running free .
for so long he 'd had nobody in his world , no one to send him warmth , to make him smile , to care whether he lived or died - and yet now there she was , sitting like some forest princess in the middle of her unusual wolf pack , willing to share her life with his , even if it was so he could aid her in destroying xavier .
at first ivory set a fast pace , running flat out , letting the pack feel their bodies again , the flow of muscle , the wealth of information , the sound of the forest .
the scent of rabbit and fox was heavy , as well as that of an abundance of other forest creatures , all shivering in silence as the pack passed through their territories .
his bare feet flew over the snow and ice of the forest floor .
` ` a wolverine that came down from willamette forest . ''
it registered dimly , one of the humans ' sprawling forest preserves .
the road wound through a moist forest overflowing with fir trees .
` ` about ten miles due north of the hoh forest ranger station .
a solid wall of purple - black cloud was racing in from the west , blackening the forest beneath it as it came .
the sound of his pain echoed through the forest , and i had no doubt it would bring yohan .
sprites glitter the forest .
` ` you look well after your trials in the rain forest . ''
the young werewolf waved a graceful gloved hand at the forest of dangling hats displayed all about him .
there were more thugs standing around behind the van , enough to surround both jez and morgead with a forest of spears as they were led to the house .
he bared his fangs at her , stalking off to the sound of ronan singing the soccer anthem , ` ` oleeee , ole , ole , oleeee ... ... '' chapter thirty scottish highlands with every mile of forest and dirt track closer to conall , the isolation weighed on will .
as the sound of his renewed amusement echoed from the forest , her irritation with him intensified .
` ` we ' ve got a lot of ground - ` ` without warning , dark , eerie shadows fell over the forest .
forest , pine and orange blossom .
trees rose among the buildings and houses , as if trying to reclaim forest once stolen by the town .
doc jane 's forest green stare narrowed .
at a good thirty floors in height , it was among the taller in the concrete forest , and the sixty or so condos it housed were trump - tastic , all marble and nickel - plated chrome and designer - everything .
as she looked at him , her forest green eyes were not happy .
which , given the prevalence of homo sapiens , was naught but a fern in a forest of oaks .
jane was scrubbed in so that all you could see was her forest green eyes from behind a plexi - surgical mask , and he 'd covered her presence by telling the staff she was a private doctor for the patient - which was not a lie .
as tears speared into jane 's forest green eyes , butch was momentarily nonplussed .
he 'd come too close , too many times , since he 'd arrived here on this towering forest crag .
back in that forest cottage in spain ? ''
i laughed so loudly that it echoed through the forest .
forests by night held no problems for polly , and this was n't true wild forest in any case .
where there had once been forest was now , perhaps , the most beautiful home i had ever seen .
i could feel it out there , beyond the forest of evergreens .
i turned and snapped a few of the forest by charlie 's house .
i looked into her large , cat - like eyes and dropped the plant to the forest floor .
i put my hands to her chest , my lips to her mouth , trying desperately to heal her the way she had healed me back in the forest .
stefan , who felt guilty about the animals he took blood from , the doves and rabbits and deer of the forest .
a 30 - 40 % loss of rain forest will create a reduction in rainfall , starting a globe - killing cycle that can never be reversed .
they resembled veins - a rain forest circulatory system .
rain forest garbage disposal .
not an easy thing to conceal in a forest .
in the background of her best friend 's house , alex could hear a forest service radio chattering about sketchy weather conditions and plummeting windchill factors .
a screech rattles the air and hundreds of yellow eyes flash through the forest .
his shoulder presses against mine and the scent of lilacs , forest and rain invade my nostrils .
she sat awaiting his arrival calmly in the front parlor , wearing a forest green carriage dress with gold filigree buttons down the front , an elegant new broad - brimmed straw hat , and a cagey expression .
it raced through her like a forest fire , stronger than anything she 'd ever experienced before , and she kissed him back with the desperation suddenly claiming her , her arms slipping around his shoulders and pulling him to half - cover her .
it accented his trim form , making me believe he actually got out and rode his race - winning horses more than once every new moon when he played the huntsman in his fenced - in , old - growth planned forest .
a sigh left her , her body leaning further into him , the tension slipping off her like a cloak falling to the forest floor .
a roar of cheers ris- ing beyond the forest of tents told jacob some type of competition was in process .
he gathered clean rags , a basin of hot water , a jar of cleaning oil , and a vial of healing sand from the forest of the dragons .
as anna said , the white house might be surrounded by trees , but it was n't in a landlocked forest .
never was jesse invited back to the house in the sonoma forest .
a great collective sigh rose from the forest .
i could feel death breathing on my face , death close as it had been years and years ago when the wolves tracked me into the frozen forest , and i could n't reach up high enough for the limbs of the barren trees .
she could n't help being afraid , but stefan soothed her as he soothed the forest animals , drawing her into the darkest shadow of the room , calming her with soft words even as his canines screamed at him to bite .
a triple espresso , please , '' elena said to the magic that was this forest , this snowflake globe , this universe .
but would n't that mean tsunamis and earthquakes and shockwaves and forest fires and maybe even the earth ripping apart ?
you can thank me later , '' damon said , brusquely depositing me on the cool forest floor .
i was the proverbial tree falling in the uninhabited forest .
had she already reached her rain forests , and all the sick ones waiting for the consolations of her touch i wished i knew where she was .
think of the mangrove forest , and when you were most happy .
he shouted , and all of the forest quieted .
i suppose if ye start a forest fire , ye can make it rain to put it out ?
she smelled rich , fertile earth , like the forest after a rainstorm .
a fresh breeze carried the scent of pine pitch and crisp forest air into the dank stillness of the place .
as i spend my tranquil nights , here , among the overgrown stones of the place where i was so happy as a child , our walls now broken and misshapen among the thorny blackberry vines and fragrant smothering forests of oak and chestnut trees , i am compelled to record what befell me , for it seems that i may have suffered a fate very unlike that of any other vampire .
my lord , you have lived too long in your country forest .
in chicago , a pack of timber wolves killed an armed police officer . ''
remain imprisoned until the worshippers bring the evildoers ; look into their hearts for right and wrong and truth ; and then execute them for the faithful of the forest and drink their precious blood .
with his tall frame and broad shoulders , he seemed as imposing as the oaks in the forest .
without losing a single stride , she was soon running on four legs rather than two , the gray - coated timber wolf racing deep into the forest .
-abraham h. maslow four timber wolves raced through the shadows of a new jersey forest , hunting under a gibbous moon .
i suddenly had an image of a bloody forest animal staked within a pentagram , but this was n't a psychic hit .
wings or no wings , i should have tumbled down into the ravine below , disappearing into a forest of beavertail cactus so thick that my ass hurt just looking at them .
luckily for me , light particles danced and swarmed before my eyes , lighting my way , enough through the darkest of nights ... or along a darkening forest trail .
it brought with it the forest scent of pine , out of place here in this desert .
a forest of massive stone pillars rose ahead , holding up the elaborately decorated roof of the basilica .
but the years had taken their toll , and the surrounding forest had made inroads into reclaiming the area .
the more i learned about her , the more i admired her , sort of like appreciating a copperhead 's coiled beauty on the green forest floor , knowing that it would bite you the second you were in range of its curved , venomous fangs .
or maybe that 's what she wanted , for me to get trapped in the middle of a raging forest fire .
it was more or less the same thing that he 'd told me that night in the forest by the fire .
but the hikers made a frantic call to the forest service , which in turn called in the po - po .
` ` there 's been some talk by the forest service of renovating the camp and turning it into some sort of nature center .
` ` do the forest guys really think that people will want to stay in a place where so many bodies have been found ? ''
massive , lipless jaws jutted from its sickening face , revealing a forest of fangs embedded in crimson gums .
ugad charged in a mad rush , crushing the iron under his feet , straight into the forest of metal spikes .
a forest of equipment that would make the personnel of an average college lab giddy with joy rested on black surfaces of flame - resistant tables and counters .
a forest of sharp bloodred fangs sprouted from the jaws , barely hidden by white lips .
the beast 's giant maw opened so wide it looked like its head had been cut in two , baring a forest of traffic - cone teeth .
now that i 'd escaped the dense forest of skyscrapers , i could see the sky .
tall , lean , and pale , he had fire - bright red hair that stuck out from his head like a forest of aggressive spikes .
i ' ve survived in a forest scorched by fires .
it started as a long pale mass rooted to the floor , and like a coral spreading from a common root and splitting into dozens of branches , it too spread out , growing out into a forest of pale protrusions .
as if hearing my words , the beast took another step forward and grinned at me , displaying a forest of eight - inch teeth .
the serpent opened its mouth , a big deep hole studded with a forest of needle - thin teeth .
the same force that had turned the georgia dome to rubble also nourished the forests .
a ruffed grouse shot from the forest floor .
it lay on its back in a puddle of blood , its chest a forest of bone shards where someone had wrenched ribs out of their place .
i smeared our mixed blood onto her face , pushed , and saw a forest of needles burst through her skin .
that 's right , no worry of a forest fire with vlad around .
his fierce call echoed through the trees , and i was certain every animal in the forest turned tail and ran .
the walls were off - white , the carpet a deep shade of forest green ; the furniture looked worn and comfortable but not shabby .
a few primroses fought for survival in a forest of weeds .
he had loved his pretty dancer , though his love for her , when compared to what he felt for kaitlyn , was like comparing a match to a forest fire .
kylie asked , and that was when the forest went silent .
dark red droplets led the way into the cabin like breadcrumbs in the forest .
while the sound of steps continued , the forest noises stopped .
a forest of plants below them sweetened the air .
it was a deserted island with nothing but burnt down trees from an old forest fire .
they rolled as they clawed and tore at each other , murderous snarls of rage echoed throughout the forest .
his face was bloody , his plain forest clothes were torn and ragged , there was still a hole in his chest and stomach but he appeared to be healing rapidly .
nothing grew beneath the high bows of the pines shadowing the forest floor .
though it was of finer quality than the clothes they 'd worn in the forest , it was the same style .
she had to admit that she enjoyed him in such simple clothing ; he appeared more at ease in the attire of the forest people .
his father had not destroyed the forest in search of jack , but if braith were to leave , and his father was to discover why , he would destroy everyone , and everything , in order to find him and punish him .
a young boy was brought forth next , then a young shirtless man that was well muscled from hunting and working within the forest .
there was no blood slave and master , there was no jack and max , even her forest and family did not exist .
when she slipped off the heavy black cloak , she showed a magnificent green gown under a tight - sleeved , long pelisse of brocaded forest green so dark it was nearly black .
the forest murmur had quieted down and the cold air was splitting his bones .
the enemy overran his kingdom and then attacked the fae forests , killing most of the fae and destroying their forests and fields .
elder shakes his head , his eyes darting along the brush at the forest floor .
a horrific crunching sound echoes throughout the forest as the ptero shatters dr . gupta 's femur .
it is a charming town , well laid out , with many fine houses and a forest of high masts at the docks .
` ` oh , i fought a forest fire . ''
for all he knows , i really do fight forest fires in my free time .
she was that pretty and exotic - looking , a mix of so many bloodlines it was like looking at the history of the south itself , people from the west indies , the sugar islands , england , scotland , even america , all intermingling until it would take a whole forest of family trees to chart the course .
her powers had always been unpredictable , but now she could cause anything from downpours and hurricane - force winds to forest fires .
it was impossible to control , leveling miles of forest in minutes .
flowers were in full bloom , lined perfectly along the creek 's bank ; vines crawled over the forest bed and wrapped themselves around every tree , every branch , in an intricate display of green .
the sound of rushing water resonates through the forest .
i hear the heartbeats of animals and the soft padding of movement on the forest bed all around me .
i crawl across the forest bed just a few feet until i realize that i do n't need to crawl at all .
tell kurt and forest they 're on north , and i 'll find someone to cover south . ''
the dusk is full of malice ; the shadows are long , pointed fingers , a forest of dark hands .
yeah , maybe it was some kind of forest animal , but i was n't going to take any chances .
he also had this strange smell to him , like lilacs mixed with forest and the freshly fallen rain .
then she appeared out of the fog , weaving through the forest of road signs .
` ` well , do n't let me keep you , deedee , '' i said , running through possible distractions in my mind : small explosion , easily contained forest fire , the possibility that there might be some pregnant woman inside who could go into labor in the next half hour ...
heavy gray clouds hung low in the sky , but the trees were lush and green in the forest .
he kicked at the dead leaves and fallen brush that covered the forest floor .
pretty soon this entire forest is gon na be out of sticks if he does n't stop whittling .
i went down on my hands and knees and looked through the forest of legs for the nearest exit .
she got a job as a secretary working for the forest service .
the granddaughter of a retired forest service biologist who 's scared of camping . ''
i could barely see him through the forest of slashing claws .
chapter eleven the briars later , after a night of following grimalkin through increasingly thick forest , i decided that some questions are better left unanswered .
` ` there 's a series of caves several miles north of here , '' puck said , nodding to where the snowcapped tops of a mountain range peeked over the forest of ice .
but then rosalind 's uncle kicks her out of his house , and she flees with her cousin celia to the forest of arden .
no risk of a forest fire .
the forest burns .
everything is dark and silent , no wind , the forest trees to our right standing motionless .
there 's a forest of snapple bottles settled with tea sediment , and a gaggle of magazines left haphazardly across the furniture - even though there 's a couch and two armchairs , at first there 's nowhere for me to sit .
anger sped through me like an out - of - control forest fire .
emotion flashed in dawson 's eyes , turning them forest green .
the boy sat down , pulled out his money , probably all the money he had earned in three or four months of backbreaking work cutting timber .
i wave my hand at the forest of masts clustered at the docks .
he told stories and jokes - some , if not most , on the bawdy side - and , possessing a fairly decent voice , sang the old songs of the french voyageurs , tilting his chin slightly as if to offer his song to some nameless forest god : j'ai fait une matresse y a pas longtemps .
hawk grew impatient ; he seemed nearly mad with the desire to quit this part of the forest .
in the gray forest light his face seemed devoid of all pigmentation , as white as paper and just as thin , stretched taut over his cheeks and forehead , the bones of his jaw protruding like large knuckles pushing insistently against the flesh .
we also gathered wolf 's claw , an evergreen moss that grew in abundance on the forest floor , with dense needlelike leaves that hawk boiled to make a kind of herbal tea .
my voice sounded small and muffled , like the cry of a wounded forest animal , and so i called out in a loud voice , ` ` dr . warthrop !
john chanler was standing at the tent 's mouth , his spindly bare legs spread wide , his scrawny arms hanging loosely by his sides , the yellow eyes that dominated his skeletal face seeming to burn with their own inner fire , and in those eyes there was the shock of recognition - not in him , but in me , for i had seen a pair just like them , floating in the forest gloom .
gone were the grit and grime of the forest , the whiskers , the old duster and filthy breeches .
the gray land of soul - crushing nothingness in the slum was as bereft of hope as the burned - out snow - packed brule of the forest .
as if having a big family was like , i do n't know , a forest fire , and they 're smokey bear .
i wave my hand at his faded shorts and his untucked forest green oxford shirt .
still , it rained : this was mid - july in upstate new york , lush and green and wet as a rain forest .
why could n't you have listened last week , maybe before we were almost fried alive in a forest fire ? ''
windshield glass littered the forest floor , and the odor of gasoline eclipsed the smell of mud and wet leaves .
dusk had fallen , and prickly branches and split logs littered the forest floor .
spencer shrugged , hugging one of dr . evans 's forest green chenille pillows to her chest .
it was like the question of the tree falling in the forest : if no one knew aria got married , if no one saw , then it had never happened .
naomi looked fashion - forward in her forest green ankle boots .
i do n't care if that forest has a mutie in every tree .
` ` forest .
the lot of us went directly to hq in all our forest dirt .
we had n't killed all of them ; there would be stragglers in forest and field , but if we were careful , they 'd die out in a few years and their legacy of violence with them .
the wood trim of the chamber was of fine walnut , the carpet a forest green .
his face is a forest of emotion .
resigned , and a little bit mad , the boy climbed back down to his forest .
this was n't just a grove of trees , it was an entire forest .
he had done fine in his forest alone , and there was no reason to think he would n't be fine once they left .
it troubled him , though , that lief had become such a blank slate over the years he had been in his forest .
` ` you get used to it , '' lief had told them , back in the forest .
after all these years lief had left his forest for them .
she tried to be gentle , but the forest of dangling spirits clearly did not appreciate her intrusion .
through the forest of souls , lief caught sight of allie watching him with sadness in her eyes .
after that l began pointing out the different species of plant in the forest ; what each of them was called and what their properties were capable of .
i imagined this was what a forest fire would taste like .
with his hand carefully behind my head and his arm wrapped around my waist he brought me underneath him on the carpeted forest floor .
i know there are colonies in almost every rain forest .
the flame spread , catching the rest of my bloodstream with a forest fire of pain rushing through my body and blinding me with torment .
our forest that had been set on fire .
chapter thirteen ` ` you gave us quite the scare with your illness , pprince , '' the african regent , a tall , thick man with pure midnight skin and forest green eyes , laughed .
solomon narrowed his forest green eyes at me .
the forest has nothing of this .
he was rarely serious except on his respective sports fields and i could n't stop myself from looking up into his forest green eyes and wanting to falsely reassure him .
i could tell he felt bad for scaring me , and then i saw the emotion in his forest green eyes .
one minute there was a light bright enough to see from space , the next , just an empty forest clearing that was on fire .
i floated to the surface and surveyed the forest fire raging around me .
two weeks since my heart had been completely ripped from my chest and filleted on the ground in that stupid forest .
` ` i love you , stella , '' he growled while unshed tears shimmered in his forest green eyes .
a tube of water shot towards her with the force of a speeding train but she blasted it back with a flick of her wrist and it lost its form , de - solidifying and splashing on to the bed of the forest before it even touched her skin .
this required focus - brooks usually mimed at least three jokes at the expense of mr . piscidia 's silver forest of chest hair .
i had seen her destroy life in the forest , turn kind animals to beasts ; i did not want her magic touching me .
he picked up a twig from the forest floor and threw it away angrily .
the dense pines gave way to sparse birchwood forests and then to long stretches of grazing land .
they organized hunting parties , talked about burning sections of the forest .
the khitkii were spiteful forest spirits , bloodthirsty and vengeful .
i 'd prefer a picnic in the forest mr .
rain forest noises played softly through the speakers .
the players were warming up in tracksuits - maroon and yellow for wheeler and forest green for hollier .
` ` how nice , '' my mom murmured , narrowing her forest green eyes just a bit .
the leaves dangled like jewels - tiny droplets of ruby , pearl , topaz , amethyst , emerald , and garnet ; and a carpet of such riches coated the forest floor around them .
despite the ravages of conquest , this part of oakwald forest remained untouched .
his eyes , dark and still like a forest pool , met hers .
as she strode through the forest of mirrors , her reflection shifted everywhere .
your wardrobe suggests that you 're gearing up to haul logs out of the forest .
` ` no , there 's another house party over on forest .
` ` my big sister is at the party on forest , '' amy offered .
he made a couple of turns and then headed down forest .
he turned slightly and called to the back , ` ` where to on forest , ladies ? ''
did n't you say there was a party over on forest ? ''
a forest was a true temptation .
not the hard - pack earth he usually saw in pine forests .
they wove through the melting formations - a forest of stone that dripped from the ceiling and rose up from the ground , gradually molding together - until aria walked through a natural corridor .
about a forest fire . ''
the forest floor under my feet strewn with rocks and pine needles .
and , '' she continues , ` ` it says here that the cones require extreme heat - like , say , from a forest fire - to open and release their seeds . ''
like locating a forest fire .
that night i dream of the forest fire .
i mean , people die in forest fires .
` ` you saw the forest fire ? ''
i wonder if we 'll be together at one of these campsites when the forest fire starts .
like when i close my eyes i do n't see him standing in the middle of a forest fire .
i hope there are n't any , oh i do n't know , forest fires before he gets back .
now , as i stare at the television , which is running footage of the jackson area 's previous forest fires , my skin prickles like the reporter is speaking directly to me .
her grip on me tightens as he turns his hand over and fire drips off of his fingers and onto the forest floor .
the fire the black wing started has grown into a real , crackling , honest - to - goodness forest fire , wild and unstoppable , eating up everything in its path , including us if we stay here more than a moment longer .
my mind is clogged with all i ' ve seen , what i ' ve survived , battles with evil angels , forest fires , and the implications of what i ' ve done .
i guess next to fallen angels , funerals , and forest fires , stanford feels like a pretty safe place .
i think back to the days when i had my first vision , the forest fire , the boy watching it , and it was frustrating as all get - out that i could never see what he looked like .
last time i saw myself starting a forest fire .
why put me through all of this , the forest fire and the visions and the training , if i ' m going to kick the bucket , anyway ?
with us it 's always been forest fires and formal dances and funerals .
the rock shoots past the branch , which is now empty , and falls silently into the snow on the forest floor .
i do n't know much about rain forest animals . ''
` ` there are many ships down there , ja - elle , '' says medca , looking upon the forests of masts in the harbor from our perch high above .
the hood and his men are the scourge of the forest .
his hand rested on the tree by my head , and he were close enough that his body were warmer than the rest of the forest .
when the leaves fall , though , the whole forest is covered in a blanket .
they were n't as bad then ; the forest and fresh air had calmed him , i thought .
` ` i see you ... '' the hairs on the back of jake 's neck quivered with the certainty that something frightening shared this dark forest .
jake pedaled onward , winding through a hardwood forest of sugar maples and black oaks .
from this distance , it looked like a forest of flames .
24 forest of flames jake burst topside into chaos .
they ' ve boxed us against the flame forest .
soon a twisting forest of flames filled the world behind them , rising into a fiery wall .
leaving us to wander with her date through a dreary forest of topics like will it rain saturday ?
near and far , lonely trees grew at random , like the haphazard survivors of a plague - ravaged forest .
before visiting mianamon , jason might have labeled it a jungle , but the plant life was tame compared to the southern rain forest .
the sun peeked over the horizon , throwing long shadows among the forest of spires , domes , belfries , cupolas , gables , turrets , and chimneys .
the farther he waded through the vegetation , the more overgrown the forest floor became .
his simple clothing was a faded green that blended with the forest vegetation .
recovering his sword , the juicy red tentacle still attached to his arm , the half giant rose to his knees to slice through a squirming forest of rubbery tentacles .
after the attack , however , rule had expanded to protect nearby assets , principally forest , outlying farms , and livestock .
this chamber was very different : not only a forest of spindly stone pillars but a huge ball , rotten from the inside with stress fractures radiating out in a sphere .
that portion of the forest curves , following a broad swath , rimming a bowl of unbroken snow .
matted with forest rubbish , her thick hair was a tangle of dead leaves and broken twigs .
the blow sent the dog sailing off - target to crash into a hummock of dirty snow and forest litter .
pale lips peeled back to reveal a bristling forest of very sharp , very pointed teeth .
rima felt the blood drain from her cheeks , and her arms prickle with a forest of gooseflesh .
once you knew the mosaic was underneath your feet , it was easy to feel how unforgiving the surface was ; how unlike the natural forest floor .
i remembered one spring , when i was nine and still relatively uncertain in my wolf skin , the warm day had stripped my pelt from me and left me na**d and embarrassed , curled on the forest like a pale new shoot .
my heart raced as i paused , interrupting the squish and crackle of the forest floor beneath my feet .
whatever they were to this forest , ronan was more to it .
he 'd grown up with this recurring dream forest .
` ` so you see how your forest might be starved as well as overfed .
because niall lynch was a forest fire , a rising sea , a car crash , a closing curtain , a blistering symphony , a catalyst with planets inside him .
1 : bile the forest was dark and full of animals .
there were rabbits and deer and foxes , just as there are in every forest , but there were animals of a less common sort , too , like stilt - legged grimbears and two - headed lynxes and talking emu - raffes .
one day cuthbert came into the forest to gather berries , and there saw a hunter hunting an emu - raffe .
there was a goat , too , with very long horns and deep black eyes ; an orphan from a herd of peculiar goats who once roamed the forest below .
once we 'd reached flat land we were able to follow our own tracks back through the squishy moss of the forest floor .
after the war , the army gave back the gypsies ' horses , and the goats , no longer needed , disappeared again into the forest .
` ` all the birds in all the trees in all the forests . ''
ricky bought it from the town dump with a jar of quarters - or so he claimed - a pedigree whose odor even the forest of air - freshener trees he 'd hung from the mirror could n't mask .
if the wights and hollows failed again , this time they 'd destroy a lot more than five hundred miles of empty forest .
darkness came , and the forest 's moontime citizens awoke , glittery - eyed and hungry .
` ` all the forest knows of it , '' she said .
nineteen across the forest , the hungry one was restless in his crevice in the rock awaiting the onslaught of night .
they came day by day , pilgrims and artisans from other forests hauling the tools of their trade , the masons ' hammers and chisels , glaziers ' kilns , weavers ' looms , and many other things too , and the new temple began to rise on the ruins of the old .
` ` and faeries must awaken too and learn what world they live in , or soon every forest will tumble under axe , every river will run black , and every devil will squirm free .
poppy , of course , attuned to the web of green whisperers that made up the forest , heard she was coming and raced to meet her .
every time it moved there was a cracking sound , as of a giant crashing through a forest , and liza watched in horror as little bits of bark flaked off from its skin .
i think it 's because i did n't wake up to be in a never - ending forest .
something big , something not human , something with just two toes was out there in the darkening forest .
moisture hangs in the air , so does the fresh piney scent of the trees , the animal odors and the fresh release from the wet forest floor .
pleasure boats and yachts skimmed across the waters , criss - crossing the harbour to the marina where forests of masts , with rigging slapping , lay tangled against the morning sky .
our small band on the forest track seemed mysteriously ancient .
the party moved on ahead steadily and quietly , accompanied by the soft footfall of the horses hooves in the leaf mould and the forest sounds of bird , wind and stream .
anyway , your aunt just loaded up an entire forests worth of books into the baggage cart , and i think were getting ready to go .
taylor had volunteered to help in the forest brigades to supply wood for fireplaces and stoves around town .
the main building and most of the others had been destroyed ` by a forest fire , after exploring we went back and sat at a picnic table and had lunch .
looking down the beach we spotted a large bonfire and out in the bay could just make out a forest of masts and ships of every description .
there was a loud thud which shook the cabin and clive screamed horribly causing a terrible echo which reverberated through the forest outside .
on the other side of the lake , the ground sloped up gently with a mixed conifer forest of spruce , pine and fir with a few stands of deciduous maples and quaking aspen that came nearly to the waters edge , with small clearings of meadow grass visible here and there .
it was in my mind to look around for a man i had known as a kid in fargo in the timber .
he also found slades six - foot long quarterstaff made from the ancient redwood trees that grew only in the heart of kodeshkas forests .
scott snapped as the truck turned off the highway and headed down the road that weaved through the tall timber toward the camp .
he knew there was a secondary road that was used by the forest service at the top of the second ridge and knew it led east .
i have tried all the great trees of the forest and have not found one suitable for my wand .
a loud roar covered the forest .
sareh was pregnant and jeson would not bring her in from the forest .
before turson could answer , an unholy roar thundered across the forest .
well , your style is acceptable , he said and they were again in a black forest of beastly cries and wild assaults of lips , like biting and swallowing each others flesh , joined by delicate warm caresses and moans of bliss .. you are good to me , humik .
the boy makes his way through a small forest of shadows .
chapter eight sticks and stones two hundred kilometers to the north , in an unending , unbroken adirondack mountain forest , fifteen - year old joe fflowers swears as he slips and falls in the new snow .
farms replace forests .
it was at yale that he had his epiphany and , once again , recreated himselfas a forest prophet .
in response , prissis body goes deathly still , but her mouth opens and a low wail , like the last long note of a dirge , comes out , hangs for a second , and , then , like fog , drifts across the forest .
she stands by , hands reaching out , but doing nothing until the man - horse bends his forelegs and , then , his hind legs so that he is sitting on the blood churned forest floor .
we d anticipated as much , but the idea of sneaking through the forest of tents below us was unsettling .
if you have slain her , there is naught in the forest to harm you .
conyn loses her ax the stillness of the forest trail was so primeval that the tread of a soft - booted foot was a startling disturbance .
the wayfarer was staring wide eyed at the larger woman , dumbfounded by the realization that the woman had actually tracked down one of the forest devils and slain her unsuspected .
now among the settlers beyond thunder river here was growing up a breed of forest women capable of meeting the barbarians at their own game , but their numbers were still scanty .
it 's a forest devil summoned by zogara sag to carry out her revenge .
the forest runners had taken toll , at least .
` ` some kind of devilment , '' muttered the forest runner .
dazedly she saw conyn , felt the forest woman 's iron grip on her arm .
the everlasting silence and gloom of the primitive forest was beginning to depress her .
behind them rose more loudly the yells of the forest women .
` ` told her to pull into shore ; said there was a white forest runner on the bank who was trying to get a shot at her . ''
we 'll strike southeast , through the timber .
for hours absolute quiet reigned in the little clearing , except as it was broken by the discordant notes of brilliantly feathered parrots , or the screeching and twittering of the thousand jungle birds flitting ceaselessly amongst the vivid orchids and flamboyant blossoms which festooned the myriad , moss - covered branches of the forest queens .
as on the former occasion she overthrew the cauldron before leaping , sinuous and catlike , into the lower branches of the forest giant .
the forest echoed to the savage and triumphant paean .
biting , and striking with her huge hands , she killed and maimed a dozen ere the balance could escape to the upper terraces of the forest .
tarzyn let her up , and in a few minutes all were back at their vocations , as though naught had occurred to mar the tranquility of their primeval forest haunts .
with the noble poise of her handsome head upon those broad shoulders , and the fire of life and intelligence in those fine , clear eyes , she might readily have typified some demigod of a wild and warlike bygone people of her ancient forest .
chapter 15 the forest god when clayton heard the report of the firearm she fell into an agony of fear and apprehension .
' but it did , mister porter , ' replied clayton ; ' or at least if not a human throat that of a forest god . '
the very fact that numa had foregone such easy prey at all convinced the wise forest craft of tarzyn that numa 's belly already was full .
' where is the forest woman who went to rescue you ?
he was thinking of what clayton had said of the forest woman 's probable relationship to this tribe and he could not frame the awful word .
' yes , mister porter , they were -- cannibals , ' she said , almost bitterly , for to her too had suddenly come the thought of the forest woman , and the strange , unaccountable jealousy she had felt two days before swept over her once more .
and then in sudden brutality that was as unlike clayton as courteous consideration is unlike an ape , she blurted out : ' when your forest god left you she was doubtless hurrying to the feast . '
' your officer , captain dufranne , is one of them , and the forest woman who has saved the lives of every member of my mother 's party is the other .
' possibly your forest woman , herself was captured or killed by the savages , ' suggested captain dufranne .
' what would you think if you had to live all of your life in that jungle as our forest woman has done ? '
at the end of that time it was to be assumed that d'arnot was truly dead , and that the forest woman would not return while they remained .
jan would have begged for a further reprieve , had it not been that he too had begun to believe that his forest lover would return no more .
it was he , though , who suggested that arms , ammunition , supplies and comforts be left behind in the cabin , ostensibly for that intangible personality who had signed herself tarzyn of the apes , and for d'arnot should she still be living , but really , he hoped , for his forest god -- even though her feet should prove of clay .
a little fluctuation of the wind now carried the path of the forest fire to the north , then blew back and the flames nearly stood still as though held in leash by some mistress hand .
' my forest woman ! '
nor did the immaculate young frenchman appeal to the primal man in him , as had the stalwart forest god .
manaea faced outward , scanning the darkening forest .
in its center stood this humongous horse and who knew they let those things into national forests ?
but tomorrow i will need you to work out at the new herbalist shop we opened on forest flow - way .
somehow the trees spread and now inhabit what is now called the flitter forest in the northern reaches of the amonic continent fire tail red stemmed and leafed plant klond trees leafs are twelve inches long , usually used as ornamental trees in warm climates .
their shades colored the forest with their beauty ; dark burgundy , deep hunter green , and sapphire blues .
a tall , pale clerk , her face shaded by a forest of virgin hair , opened the door , and bowed with the air of a woman forced at once to respect in another lofty stature , which indicated strength , the military dress , which indicated rank , and a ruddy countenance , which indicated familiarity with good living .
it is on the winds and in the living things of the forest , the plants and the animals and all the things that surround them . ''
at their present rate it would take them several more days to reach the lower regions of the barrier forest , then another day to gain the furthest combs of the upper valley .
it is said the forest has a power all its own .
it only went forward for a dozen meters before the stone hallway opened up into an extremely wide room about thirty feet tall with a forest of columns that went far back into darkness on both sides .
when they got past the last of the giant columns , there was a small corridor which was outside the forest of cylindrical supports .
it snaked along through the surrounding trees , an ever climbing forest .
darkseid snickered as the two made their way across the burnt and blackened forest floor .
in response to his initiation alex began to run , weave and dodge through the forest .
but it rained only yesterday and its still too wet for there to be a forest fire .
that is the edge rulers forest .
it was five times as tall and large as any other tree in the entire forest .
i do nt know how you turned into such a hypocrite , but you need to be more open minded if you are the king of this forest .
he was going to kill us they listened intently to the dialogue transpired with the undisputed king of the forest .
sixteen days after leaving the xeal lord they finally made it to the end of the forest .
our advanced sentries reported seeing about eight to nine thousand royal guard soldiers rounding the head of widows forest .
are you sure there is nt a forest ?
my head propped up by the roots of a big tree at the inner edge of an enclosing forest .
the silence deepened as gunnar trotted further into the forest .
his muscles were tight , as stiff as the statues of riverhall forest .
jays , river thrushes and robins flitted through the moist evergreen forest , singing their beautiful songs .
iron mines , copper mines furs , antlers , and endless timber men and women fitnay , happyat the prospect of servitude .
password encripted daily chronicle news feature exclusive ( part 1 ) the better part of valour by john pretty naval correspondent bewigged and powdered he paces the quarterdeck of his flagship the mighty bucentaure ruminating on the fortunes of war and watching the weather , every inch the patrician sea officer in striking blue and gold he takes a turn around the deck casting an eye over the forest of masts crowded around him in cadiz harbour and knows that for him , the sands of time are running out .
of course there was also the forest and the school which was provided therein .
its a yew tree exclaimed grandpa , there are nt any others in this forest as far as i know .
a few hundred feet up stream a gust of wind came out of nowhere , it lifted coes floppy hair along with his gaze and turned to swirl up the trees into an otherwise still forest scape .
the clearing was a natural one , for in the middle of it was a great oak , the queen of the forest , she was by natures deed the oldest tree in the forest and demanded allot of root space making the area around it practically uninhabitable for other plants .
he had told the others of his encounter with the tree all those years ago and his discovery of energy spots and routes he had discovered on subsequent forest journeys , and too of his awareness of the corridors of flowing energy .
your sentries are not forest smart , dick sir .
how how are we in forest ?
the prince of oxens life was an inferno of burning metal , and around his life the prince could sense a murderous heat , like coals set to the leaves of a dry forest .
the man who married me would become lord of the western forest .
then i will be lord of the western forest , at least in name .
he had slept well , despite everything ; the previous days exercise in the forest , followed by a good supper , had seen to that .
he looked around him , but could see nothing except hundreds of tiny lights , sprinkled here and there on the forest floorglow - worms .
yes , i am karman of the western forest !
you must bear the family arms now , the crest of the western forest .
at its centre , a single oak tree was emblazoned , the symbol of the keepers of the western forest .
arise , sir darin of the western forest .
his only interest now was in resuming his responsibilities as lord of the western forest ; he wished his son well in his quest .
i am sir darin of the western forest , made knight by the king himself !
eventually , the last pines on their left were gone and the afternoon sun poured its glory down upon the familiar oaks of the western forest .
sir darin of the western forest is surely the most honest and virtuous knight alive .
keeper of the western forest sounds a little grand , perhaps ; people will wonder why they have nt heard of you before .
generally known for their passive nature , the tiny , armless creatures shrouded in leaves have grown increasingly hostile as the drought begins to threaten the forest .
the cliff he is departing appeared no different than any other random span of forest , but his perception has betrayed him as he becomes certain this fall will be his last .
a special place in the forest .
linu , a boy who makes up for his lack of stealth with a relentless persistence , heads south to the forest .
a primal roar of fear and pain echoes through the forest as link removes the sharp shard of steel , preparing to stab him again .
in this part of the rain forest , a perpetual gloom existed .
the rain forest had varying degrees of temperatures .
as you know , gangrene kills quicker than many of the varmints that live in the rain forest .
some call it the virgin rain forest , probably because its the least explored area of the amazon .
they contacted the sheriff and the national forest service , told them to keep an eye out .
the forest service has lots of problems controlling their land .
well , the sheriff was told about it , as well as the national forest service .
i know if the forest service found him they would run him off , they have a bunch of rules about how many days you can spend in one spot , and they really hate it when people sleep in their caves .
what little light made it through the canopy nourished the saplings and ferns that seemed to completely cover the forest floor .
grasses will slowly take hold and eventually smaller bushes until finally after hundreds and hundreds of years , there will be enough topsoil for a forest again .
of course the forests did nt miss the landscape , richer in their trees , and was like a huge forest with lots of glades .
the forest is without a single leaf , the sky is cloudy with fire , from which sometimes a flame fall down on the ground .
pulling the white sheet over its long body it merged into the snow covered forest floor .
then , the boot was gone and the forest fell silent .
they told the chief about finding where the canoes had been run up onto the riverbank , and that loot and fire cub had stayed behind to watch for returning strangers , then about the deer running through the forest and the double kill .
he had taught him the ways of the great spirit and how to survive in the forest .
he thought she was the prettiest maiden in the forest , and his heart belonged to her .
the indian braves , like the wild animals in the forest , had a mindset that was there to insure their survival and the survival of their species .
the fresh snow seemed to thicken the silence while it amplified the forest sounds all around themfalling leaves , snapping twigs .
i am still pretending to be a tramp but tramps do nt usually live in the forest .
she pointed out that centuries must have effected change in the animal population of the forests .
it was two stories tall , with a first floor of fitted rocks crowned by a second level of yard - thick logs cut from the neighboring forest .
to best visualize the effect that this turn of events had on mr . hoover , try to imagine a tall tree in a forest that has been cut off at the base by loggers .
the understory of the forest changed from the usual low - altitude mixture of plants and bushes to a dense growth of mountain laurel .
mr hare has therefore challenged mr tortoise to a race around the forest , the winner to have the right to the residence .
all i saw was the match flame burning huge as a forest fire .
a forest burns with tongues of flames rising up over charred and ashen trees .
i correct myself , really nasty , when they know their forest is under attack .
i m in sherwood forest .
no wizard brave enough would wander on its dark forest .
no one would suspect that something valuable was hidden on that forsaken forest .
her vision changed to a million shades of green as night vision lenses slid in front of her eyes.they displayed important statistics , relayed in a nebulous array of numbers assembled seemingly at random -- daydreams plucked from the mind of some maddened mathematician and scrawled like bright yellow ink on the forest green canvas .
the entire forest had watched as they were discarded before thatch and cobble had surrendered into a deep slumber .
once camden and trinity had touched the pool of tears the forest had seen their worth .
those clothes of yours were the laughing - stock of the whole forest today .
pig farmer on the other side of the hill , west end of the forest .
crimson shuffled his hooves in the mud , looking from one side of the dark forest to the other .
it was that or some eco lodge in the national forest .
the floor was a thick green carpet , in the center of which was a lush forest of flowering greenery .
he had been hoping that an avenue of attack would present itself if he only waited long enough , but as dusk was falling over the forest thorn began to think that he would have to make his own distraction if he wanted to get in there .
behind a screen , she changed into a pair of rough brown britches , a white shirt , and white socks , the uniform worn by soldiers of the kingdom of northeast forest .
chapter 4 colonel jeffrey colonel jeffrey , the young brother of the king of northeast forest , boarded the early morning ferry in riverton , heading south to the city of agana , the crown jewel of the island with the best port facilities , a deep - water harbor , and the largest population .
it 's against the law to take any in -- by order of the king of northeast forest . ''
* * * of the three mortal kingdoms on seaward isle , the kingdom of northeast forest was the smallest with the fewest resources , but the largest army .
alex retrieved her horse and rode to the regimental headquarters building for the forest army .
inside the office , alex saluted the commandant , who sat at his desk in the dark green uniform of the forest army with five silver stars on his collar .
i ' m in the king 's army from northeast forest . ''
chapter 19 royal visit in agana , lord ellsworth , king of northeast forest and his younger brothers , colonel jeffrey and captain lawrence , stood outside the palace throne room , waiting for the official welcome ceremony to begin .
` ` i understand that the champion from southport , talbot macleish , will be facing the champion from northeast forest , beren , son of dumwalt . ''
lord ellsworth , the king of northeast forest , entered the seating area , in a dark brown cloak over his green suit , greeting them politely .
` ` allow me to introduce our last champion , colonel jeffrey from the kingdom of northeast forest . ''
` ` alex , i recently visited agana , and lord sarga thanked me for the assistance of forest soldiers in releasing him from prison .
he would deliver the other letter to captain lawrence , the temporary emissary from northeast forest .
` ` no , alex , they 're forest soldiers .
` ` the forest soldiers of this regiment offer our apologies to our scinthian sisters .
the other forest soldiers joined in the battle .
* * * the muster revealed that out of two hundred forest soldiers , eight men were unaccounted for , fifteen men were killed in the fighting , and almost all had an injury of some kind .
despite being a possession of one of the richest countries in the world , france , since 1667 , french guiana was over 97 % forest , with few cities and a small population , 38 % of its 100,000 inhabitants living in the capital , cayenne .
this close to the coast , the super humid forest had been left behind and the mangrove forest that fringed the entire northern coast of the guianas had once more taken over .
85 the forest fire raged for a few hours before it showed any signs of abating .
as night fell the forests noise grew intense , especially from insects .
now in their stupor they might have been coming this way to bully my family and guest again , but maybe a bear or forest animal scared them half to death and imagined seeing a supposed demon .
then came a second forest crashing sound as a second creature bit down on the large mares hindquarters and together they ripped the horse completely in half , spraying blood and entrails all over the ground and the beasts .
suddenly a dull droning grew far off in the forest .
sometime later when the sky darkened further and the twisting forest path turned to thick black sludge , lucy found herself far from home .
shy forest animals sneaked out to play happily in the afternoon heat , lured by warm gusts of wind blowing funny shapes across the sky .
sensing movement below my gaze was drawn naturally to the forest floor which was scattered with thin , velvety moss .
the peculiar fashion in which his legs and feet pounded the dry forest ground , in conjunction with the forward swinging motion of his arms meant his body succeeded in granting him a forward leaning , almost ape like gait .
in a frightening whoosh our entire forest moaned in terror at a great , relentless beast roaring wildly just behind the oak .
the curious humming rose further , matching the forests high pitched intensity , suddenly abated , then all became calm and still .
like the ones in the national forests ?
72 hectares 2nd growth forest 78,000.00 156,000.00 total p258,000.00 p616,000.00 ( p. 145 , roa , vol .
even under the classification of commissioners balagot and rojas , as aforestated , about 50 % of the property is not improved by man nor dedicated to agriculture , for about 95 hectares are pasture land and 70 hectares are forest land .
pineapple , citrus , avocado , rambutan , lanzones , the 78 second growth forest if only planted to ` ` alnos mirando '' a japanese kind of forest tree will also increase the volume of spring water for irrigation purposes ...
pineapple , citrus , avocado , rambutan , lanzones , the 78 second growth forest if only planted to ` ` alnos mirando '' a japanese kind of forest tree will also increase the volume of spring water for irrigation purposes ...
it will also conserve and promote the development of spring besides the value of the , trees and other forest by - products which are now available as sources of income ( pp.39 - 42 , roa ) .
a forest of hands went up as , with four stick clicks , raphael counted in the next song .
today it was an empty husk , a burned out forest of gutted and blackened buildings nestled amongst mounds of shattered brick and tangled steel .
a cool breeze gently nudged the leaves as it managed to weave its way through the dense underbrush of the thick forest .
meanwhile down in the forest , superintendent hicks shifted the focus of his concentration from his can of beans and searched the surroundings as faint scraping and screams came to his ears .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- alice had a tough time with her first born , holly , and the doctors , in desperation , put it down to the pollen count in the new forest , and the birth had its moments of trauma as well , that is why they quickly relocated to the broads , not much grass and loads of water , but this pregnancy was if anything even worse than her first , but she struggled gamely on and had even spent the week prior to our wedding in hospital , on a voluntary basis , just to sort herself out , and it looked as though it had worked , she looked blooming , but when we arrived at the hospital , with sue still in her wedding dress , we found out that her previous stay had not been voluntary , and she had discharged herself for the wedding .
to the north the snowcap forest resided -- one of the three great forests of orum .
now it was a forest of the dead .
they must not reach loden forest , edon called , ripping his sword from its sheath .
our three oceans , three forests , three moons .
a new celebration unlike anything before , in the forests of the elves .
well all of this used to be forest ; this world used to be a lot like yours .
that would be a waste of a forest ranger .
the mountain forest is near the sea .
bell is a forest ranger and that means he walks all over the forest like a guard .
i feel a change in the forest .
our magic is not all diminished , forest ranger .
the forest seemed to feel it too as it was again silent .
the woman laughed and the trees of the forest swayed with it .
good luck , forest ranger , and then mattaeus moved forwards and the nearest wolf ran to meet him .
well at least you are honest , forest ranger .
a forest ranger friend of mine , lucas said , and the shadow ranger .
so be it , forest ranger , mattaeus said .
the other countries do nt have forests ?
they say that the princess of the forest tried to nourish him , tried to help him leave , but he would nt and he died here .
of skull striking wood was heard , and it dropped unmoving onto the forest floor .
` ` on the surface , these elements of the forest are oxymorons .
he ventured out onto the rough branch , sixty feet above the hard forest floor .
they probably inhabited most of the trees in this forest .
the forest noises enveloped him .
andrew was a casualty to the forest .
they are the terror of the forest .
they rode on , the clip clop of the green horses merging with the hissing of snakes , humming of insects and other forest noises .
as a reward for his courage , and his support of the cause of the light , lord green was given the greenery of earth ; its forests and its plants .
` ` the forest , the forest .
` ` king mwistinil , i request permission to use the silver horn of the forest .
it travelled to all corners of the realm of green , to every forest , mountain , valley and dale .
the forest was awake , the forest was angry , the forest would fight .
the forest was awake , the forest was angry , the forest would fight .
the forest was awake , the forest was angry , the forest would fight .
and the thousands upon thousands of forest animals , who had heard the call of the silver horn , and honored the ancient agreement , tore blue 's soldiers limb for limb in return .
only in quite another forest .
a forest where the leaves were multicolored and the eaguars roamed .
the lac et la foret race lived near the lakes of the forest and were strong in water and earth magic .
their high pitched shrills echoed across the forest as pine scented the air .
* * * the next suns cycle twilight broke over the forest of naught .
han said , this forest ox of a man is parry and to his right is sinew .
it was made from a brownish - red bitter root sweetened with forest bees honey .
as she attempted to make herself comfortable on the hard forest floor sarah was positive that she would nt be able to sleep .
amidst the gentle forest sounds came a strange voice .
he d been so lean from his primarily vegetarian diet and the days of swimming and running through forests , but now his strength pressed against his clothes .
do you mean that unicorns actually exist and that there is an entire forest of them and they can talk ?
i can have whomever i choose to live in my forest .
tahir did nt feel there was justification in imprisoning him for picking weeds from the forest .
his village , his home , his mother , the forests and animals ; and now his wife and friends were in jeopardy .
* * * bax sat in the sun - warmed grass with his back against the tree , while matthew perched atop the fallen forest giant and picked at his cold breakfast from on high .
the passage they had descended through had widened into a spacious cavern throughout which a forest of stalactites and stalagmites cast jittery shadows in the flickering torchlight .
the veterans body had been dismembered , the half eaten interior of his abdomen was strewn out across the forest floor , his face was unrecognisable , a mere bloody mess sat slumped against the vast tree , eaten by some unknown beast .
for some time his gaze floated lifelessly though his dulled senses were abruptly re - awoken at a shuffle and crunch of dry forest vegetation disturbing the silence behind him .
the young male stared back for much time through blurry eyes before suddenly flinching again at the sound of another disturbance amidst the forest .
had a thousand men stepped out from the entangling forest or one , the warlord would flee no longer , for his kinsmans honour , he would fight or die .
the forest floor was just as steep and rock strewn , but in the shade of the two and three hundred year old hardwoods , the laurel and juniper bushes could nt get a foothold .
after crossing the bridge they would be next to the railroad tracks with a little over a quarter mile to walk through the timber to the state road , then about another half mile to their houses .
after the vietnam war he remained in the pacific northwest as a flight instructor , working for the us forest service and as a deputy sheriff .
it overlooked the hidden forest pool directly below him .
now , entirely naked , he dropped to the snowy forest floor and counted aloud again as he executed ten push - ups .
i want to play in barrie forest with you .
one woman seemed rooted in place like one of those stubborn old oaks in darling forest .
a deep silence fell over the forest ( i must ve tripped over a root , it said ) as princess and pig hurried to j owolfs side .
it was , of course , apart from the forest of despondency , which was where all the colies lived .
maybe she was brave among her people , but could she endure the forest of despondency ?
` ` brye , is there any way to lift the curse on the forest of despondency ? ''
there were ships burning and sinking in the harbors , the entire forest was aflame .
the rain forest ?
the killing machines the noise they d heard in the forest oh no .
it was like a web of fire had been thrown over the forest .
makiling forest reserve , is under the jurisdiction of batong malake .
the forest nymph ?
more like forest deities .
many people think that forests nymphs took that man twenty years ago .
and this occurrence is nt limited to this forest .
` ` it would be a long way down , chuck , '' one forest ranger said .
* chapter 1 timber wolf air did not even have a counter in the terminal at felts field municipal airport but reid tucker eventually found a sign directing prospective customers to an office a hundred meters beyond the building .
the line stood proud , giving a cheer of defiance and a shrill hunting call as a forest of spears waved at the enemy , daring them to come .
as he became lost in his thoughts , in a forest of questions , his eyes lost focus and the bison herd blurred in his vision .
my name is ceryn and i am the forest warden in these parts .
the forest warden studied his face a moment before answering .
scooping out another helping , the forest warden re - filled his bowl and then cut another section of bread for himself and james .
he was relieved to see the forest warden turn his head and glance silently at him .
checking to make sure the forest warden was still alive , he discovered that most of the blood staining ceryns clothes was not the wardens .
several others , also in attendance near the building , watched as james and ceryn approached what the forest warden explained was the town hall .
it lies further north past the forest of kelewan .
he looked for a plume that might indicate a forest fire , but did nt see anything .
soldiers were everywhere , a veritable forest of tents covered the area outside of the gates .
each kept his thoughts to himself as the river brought them ever closer to the forest fire .
to either side of the river the forest burned .
the woods on either side were dark , the forest fire was a good mile behind them .
then he explained about the branches and how they had left the forest fire behind them .
the path led through a forest of stalactites and stalagmites , some actually having grown together to form magnificent columns that stretched from the cavern floor all the way to the ceiling high above .
the mirror - glass smoothness of the water reflected the thinning forest of moss - covered trees .
the deeper within the forest of dead trees they progressed , the quieter the world around them became .
unsteadily he brought himself up onto his knees and looked at the creature sprawled unmoving upon the forest earth .
he held on tightly as before , but his attention focused ahead for he spotted the second building among what could only be a forest of gold .
their greens and brown tops led ethan to believe those were nymphs , forest dwellers who were all female .
her forest green hair was wet and was full of curls and made her slightly pointed ears poke out more prominently .
when i reached my fifth millennia i finally earned my ninth tail and i became a demon lord who ruled a fertile section of the forest and joined the ranks of aristocracy in demon world .
the forest animals had panicked , for they d long since moved away fearing the strange scent permeating their home .
i m talking about what we indians call spirit animals , guardians and keepers of harmony within the forest .
the spirit animals keep harmony within the forest , they represent everything that s good and pure .
the chief paused to underline the importance of his next point , the spirit wolf has presented himself to our people to signal a time of great danger , and make us aware that an imbalance in the energy of the forest has occurred .
this messenger has arrived , and the animals of the great forest can sense its presence .
a heavy silence fell upon the group , more deafening than the silence of the forest and time seemed to stand still for a few moments .
little s trying to be cute said , pop , this fire is still smoldering , smokey said most forest fires are caused by careless campers !
an kings cross is di forest .
i was crushed because we might have to leave my sherwood forest .
finding this mystery man of the forest can be a difficult task , warren .
in the first picture , the forest curtain is only two or three feet deep , in the second its about fifty feet deep , and the third maybe fifty yards deep .
other trees , now nude , supplied a rich appearance to the forest floor , while lighter beech and beige dogwood leaves as well as the darker oaks and hickories furnished the majority of material .
some hunters say these birds are wired different from other forest beings .
movement appeared on the perimeter of the forest curtain .
all were hotter than a half - bred fox in a forest fire .
a woodsman of distinction , a huge asset in the forest , and a fine gentleman , he saved this reporter from the deadly bite of a copperhead .
a moment later a forest sprite emerges from the other side of the trunk .
and with that garriot claps his hands and a minor army of other forest sprites emerges from the undergrowth and quickly pull wood slats over the camouflaged pit .
this was before they realized i d gone through that forest of lions unarmed and unhurt .
she taught runa the names of many of the flowers and herbs she had long gathered in the forest and showed her new uses for them .
every time someone turned around to look back , a cheer would go up and a forest of hands waved .
there was no question that chloe was adored , by males and females alike , releasing pent - up desires as a forest of hands reached to touch her .
a forest of sacred horns and skulls , some festooned with flowers and greenery , swayed atop long poles .
you mean the forest ?
their voices became indistinct again as they walked across the forest floor toward her house .
solomon also built a house on the forest of lebanon .
the river is nothing but chopped down oak tree stumps from a swampy forest in the 1930s before i was even birthed .
cedars are born in a wet forest particularly abundant in coniferous swamps where normal the other trees can not live .
there was a river running beside the landscape then it dried up leaving a big swamp where the drifting seedlings took root , a forest of yellow cedar trees .
its a living entity in gods forest .
the row of cottages were set fire and destroyed making the site like a forest fire , since it was in hot and sizzling october without any rainfall .
* * * they had been out all day , landric hunting small game and the others caught a good haul of fish from a river the hunter knew of in the forest .
poor thing must be ill . eilwen decided she 'd have to use all of her forest skill to calm the beauty .
she ran agilely from bough to bough , her lithe body bobbing with the swaying tree limbs as she descended and then dropped gently to the springy forest floor .
this part of the forest was lush largely due to the volcanic silt that fertilized the soil .
instead , a bow and arrow bloody war as usual ensued forcing the creek to cede at the treaty of fort jackson while surrendering the forest lands along with the red domed mountain to the state of alabama in 1814 .
i watched all of this unfold like wild fire in a forest .
the police would have to pick from a virtual forest of motorcycles between here and daytona .
i know he should be stamping out forest fires or something , rather than acting like a big homicide detective , ronnie said .
but it was often not clear for whom such a greeting was intended and often both sides found themselves waving to a forest of replies .
you can still see the bleached and yellow bones on the pebble beach by the river bank of the ancient forest of trees to remind all creatures to not be arrogant , for who and whatever you are there is always somebody or something bigger than you , faster than you , deadlier than you .
he picked his way across the forest floor ; pine needles crunched and snapped under his leather boots .
a violent exhale spews a cloud of dust outward , dissolving into the twilight as the reaver rises to a sitting position upon the forest trail .
the forest is a chaos of flying earth and stones , torn branches , searing heat and acrid smoke .
the four kept at it for another few minutes until the humus of the forest floor hung thick in the air .
soft sounds of sleep echoed gently off the overhanging rock as the horses and the forest rested in stillness .
undeterred , gisbo rolled and jumped back to his feet , already feeling the sticky pine sap drying on his face , but it seemed the forest floor had other plans .
in the valleys , to the snow tops , to great oceans and forests , a battlecry is rising .
a forest had largely taken back the farmland .
there was a forest of sprawling piping .
he stepped from the forest of pillars and approached me .
he started walking back into the forest of pillars .
i ran into the forest of pillars .
rather , the suns rays now lit up a beautiful woodland scene : wildlife ( or potential lunch ) scurried about up the trees and into their holes , running along the sun - dappled leaf bed of the forest floor .
jeremy had emulated forest rangers for weeks afterwards , insisting that he could , at the very least , be a clothier with a rifle .
surrounding me were the children of pine forest , plus alyse , sitting at my feeton their knees , indian style , with their legs out in front of them , and other various ways .
pine forest hall of fame 1976 - 1977 it read .
members of her extensive clan lived throughout the forest and did not welcome strangers .
nearby , a thunderous , ear - splitting crack of wood was followed by the sound of a tree crashing to the forest floor .
chapter 30 forest exit tick . ''
the two of them stepped across the forest floor , cricks and cracks filling the air along with the pungent smells of pine needles and bark and something else that wavered between sweet and rotten .
they eventually made their way to where the trees thickened into a dark , ominous forest .
the floor was nothing but the sodden rot of an old forest floor .
the dark forest people ?
fields and forests .
the wood rippled and bulged , enveloping wendells flesh like one of those strangler figs that murder larger trees in the brazilian rain forest .
but some plants and seedlings were starting to grow again , and the forest and farmers were starting to reclaim what had been destroyed .
this was especially true in the mila forest around coe baba , where most of the trees were of the falling - leaf kind , deciduous , and not of the evergreen kind that grew up tall like the mountains .
smidge found sir nickleby soon after and told him the other torchbearers had gone back to warn the townspeople of the spreading forest fire .
they eventually spotted the shore they so desired , one that seemed to stretch for miles beyond the beach into forest , and so they beached themselves in the shallows a short distance away .
for the chair was an ancient throne , if he might be believed , which had embraced many rulers in the past when the forest was young .
chapter fifteen : mother popo , the mountain god , pleaded with loqwa , god of death , for mila the forest goddesss life .
the next evening , i woke up the old man to tell him that a forest fire had ignited , right next to where we had trapped a black wolf .
for two months after their first kiss , and the night the forest burned , he dated her .
the nine heroes divided the forest of gavl , which they renamed noras .
each portion of the forest was named after one of the nine ancient heroes .
it was common in the noras forest to find maps drawn of their realm depicting their borders as different parts of one great tree .
galva was the largest city in the noras forest and one of the most prosperous , though even here the houses were not much adorned .
not forgetting that they also profit nicely from the furs and lumber that are sent down the lake from the northern forest .
even now they still thrive on the abundance of lumber and skins that make their way south from the forest , though they now live with considerably less opulence .
by runner and rider he called to his estate some forty cheftans , many of them from remote portions of the forest .
i can see the shadows at every council and in every deed that is done in our forest of late .
' every now and again , the goblins would take a respite from their conflicts with the delvers and come down into the forest to raid the foolish people who lived there enthralled by the devil king agon .
there were a great many people from all over the forest gathered at peiraso .
the forest was ruled by the descendants of the nine heroes , and there was not supposed to be any one family favored over another .
' we owe our kinsmen in the forest the same .
the underside of his cloak was as black as night , but the outside gleamed bright in the morning light and the colors danced upon it like the shifting of sunlight under the leaves of a forest .
' right now the daring crimes of ponteris are still secret from the people of the forest .
for under the darkness of the western noras forest they had never so much as set eyes upon so many yellow - haired men and women .
digging in the garden with grandma ... . and exploring the new neighborhood with timber .
through her horse , echo could smell everything from the fallen pine needles to small game hiding in burrows and bushes along the forest floor .
berries of many varieties colored the underbrush of the forest .
if we did not care for the trees this way , sooner or later a large fire would erupt and consumed the trees in attempt to rid the forest of disease ; but that fire would consume all the trees , affected and unaffected alike .
from her shoes up to the knees of her jeans were damp from the dewy grass and sparse forest underbrush .
it is a very active time for the redwood forest .
leo 's gaze was fixed on the small furry creature , which leo had determined was a harmless forest animal .
rockfish loiter in and out of the kelp forest along the shore while the plants move , occasionally allowing shafts of moonlight to pierce deeper into the ocean .
how long until the same happens to the forest ?
a resounding thud echoes through the forest as the weapon pierces wood .
the forest has gone silent as the two creatures consider their next move .
deep brown and dark greenthe colors of the forest .
light filters down from the forest floor above illuminating a table in the middle of the room .
` ` i am not here to submit , '' she says , her voice sounds small against the forest .
she finds the first wave of fighters huddled behind boulders at the next beach over forest beach .
a sharp , ear - piercing howl rings through the forest , cutting straight through serena 's heated core , leaving only ice in its wake .
her feet take long strides across forest beach and she finds herself scanning the lot of dead bodies for the crescent moon - shaped birthmark , but does nt find one .
she came to the dirt track , turned down it and walked through the cooler swampy forest until she reached the small car park , enclosed by a wooden fence with a gate in the corner .
the forest grew wetter until the trees gave way to bog .
the stories of back country men - at - arms that got their noses bloodied by a simple vagabond , thal countered as he planned how to discredit the wild tales that would surely billow from the region like the smoke of a forest fire .
the habits of all forest creatures are known to me , thal said .
at first he saw nothing except the bright green of new shoots growing up through the forest litter .
the straw mattress and smooth linen reminded him that the forest did not provide all the creature comforts .
i do nt know how much you have heard , but i do nt usually wear dresses they are nt very practical in the forest and this is the only one i have that is even close to fitting .
just because i have the right to cut down every tree in this forest does not mean that i should .
the governor assures me that the forest masters have doubled their patrols in the past few weeks and no bandit activity has been reported , but do nt take any chances .
the forest around them was a dense mix of evergreen and deciduous trees .
more importantly , the bark of these trees was the best pain reliever in the forest .
how did they get past the forest master ?
the piercing wail of a babys cry echoed through the forest , sending dasen from his skin and leaving his questions unanswered .
our best hope is to find the forest masters .
from there , you can send messages to whoever will fix this : the governor , the forest masters , the chancellor himself .
the sound of hooves spread through the forest behind them .
hooves pounded the forest floor until they consolidated behind them .
find the forest masters . ''
but then she would have been on her own , counting for the bastard forest masters for help and she knew from experience what they did with girls they found alone in the forest .
but then she would have been on her own , counting for the bastard forest masters for help and she knew from experience what they did with girls they found alone in the forest .
dasen was nt much use out here , but in the city , with the forest masters , his name , power , and connections would mean everything .
the forest masters would probably do anything he asked .
` ` you know that the forest masters will find you .
we need to get to the forest masters .
from there , they could send word to the forest masters in rycroft .
the information they had gathered at the village would be invaluable to the forest masters , and if they could not handle the situation , chancellor kavich would surely use every resource in the kingdoms to rescue one of his closest advisors and friends .
it is also much more practical for the forest , and its what i normally wore around the village as well , so get used to it .
that includes the forest masters , understood ?
teth had played this game with the villagers , with the blasted forest masters , so many times it was simply part of her nature now .
she had never seen soldiers beyond the district forest masters , so she could not make any judgment about their origins , but these men felt foreign , even more so than the men in the village .
walking through the forest of bleached - leather tents , ipid tried to keep his eyes diverted from the men preparing for their training .
the scamper of feet over the forest floor sounded somewhere in front of them .
the forest was now a mix of conifers and deciduous with great broad leaf trees filling the gaps between slender pines and firs .
there are several of them in this part of the forest .
the freeholder , dasen realized , or even better a forest master .
he had been a forest master for twenty years and claimed to know the forests well .
they had found the forest masters .
finding the forest masters was the best thing that had happened to them since the joining ceremony .
these are the district forest masters .
the forest masters all wore the same green tunics and loose brown breaches tucked into soft leather boots that appeared to be equally appropriate for riding and creeping through the forests on foot .
teth had never hidden her disdain for the forest masters .
he thought about teth hiding from the forest masters , the fact that they had not found her yet , that they likely never would .
she seemed to know every plant , every animal , every tree , mushroom , root , leaf , and branch in the forest .
he would have an escort to the city , and she could stay in her forest .
our unit does nt often make it as far west as randors pass , but your wife is a bit of a legend among the forest masters .
dasen had not thought about that aspect of teths relationship with the forest masters .
he could only imagine the forest masters hated her every bit as much as the boys from randors pass , and he suddenly understood why she had not been interested in their help .
the captain of this unit of forest masters was older than the others by many years .
i am derrik hobbleswood , captain of the uhia district forest masters .
the sounds of screams echoed from the distance , the last of the forest masters falling .
i thought you d left me with the forest masters .
` ` first you get yourself captured by the forest masters .
they re the forest masters .
it would have been the ideal time , dasen realized , to say the things he d planned while he was tied to the tree in the forest masters camp .
i m also sorry about the forest masters .
the forest masters told me .
he probably missed the forest masters more than ever now that he was back in the clutches of his peevish wife .
then he brought up the order - cursed forest masters .
then dasen had started defending the bastard forest masters , and her temper had snapped .
maybe you should have just left me with the forest masters .
your precious forest masters are gone .
i do nt want the forest masters .
sitting in the forest masters camp , the only thing i could think about was you .
they wore plain clothes like those of the forest masters simple shirts of dark olive - green and light - brown pants made from the hide of some indistinguishable animal .
they had few if any ties to normal folk , keeping to their forests and their animal friends .
the wizard cleared his throat and said calmly , your forest friends are very protective of you .
he must have suspected something like this when he was approached by a messenger - boy with a sealed scroll , asking him to meet in this dark part of the coldfire forest , alone .
now here is my bargain : you help me track down and destroy the beast , and in return ill grant you permanent amnesty in my part of the forest .
there was trouble in garretts forest , and the ranger was nowhere to be found .
garretts patrol area was the part of the coldfire forest immediately north of hermitage .
no , kaylie had been murdered , a thing unheard of in the forest world .
the wizard had blocked their presence from leaving an impression on the ley - lines , but he apparently did not know that most forest creatures did not operate by sight or smell alone .
he slipped away into the wet foliage so quickly and silently that he might be one of the pad - footed forest creatures he protected .
no less so are the powers of the gryphons , the secretive bird - lions who roam the coldfire forest but are almost never seen by men .
if anything were to happen among those humans , it would affect the entire coldfire forest from one end to the other .
their instincts told them that they must go home , to the safety of the coldfire forest , but their instincts also told them to obey the pride leader implicitly and to trust his judgments .
they could hear birds and other forest sounds .
weeping forest .
she looked beaten down , worn and faded by an eternity in the weeping forest .
whisper barely remembered her parents , her home in the forest of her people .
the roses will wither on the branch , the cups will run dry and the stars will fall from the sky in the age of the crow , his voice booms through the forest and all grows silent .
a shadow passes overhead as myna dives sharply , pulling the sprite free of stormy and dropping the creature far off in the forest .
what are a handful of forest creatures against malexia , enchanted or not ?
the forests of mistfirth .
the old mans death cry suddenly filled the forest .
chapter nine | the forest people jennai was one of the largest lands on the world of saran .
the head vanished into the forest of statues , and the long body stopped its thrashing .
he wore leather and wool of gray and black , dirty and worn from long travel in the forest .
the combination of tar , naphtha and sulphur blazed up with a crackle like a forest fire .
the forestthe same forest we were init was on fire .
twice now he d lit a forest on fire .
the two - story home almost completed this perfect fairy tale forest .
her nails able to dig into that hard muscle , run through the beautifully light forest of black chest hair .
anemone hepatica flowers covered the aspen forest grounds to her left .
there have been sightings of ghosts here in the northland forest : sightings of two young boys who were killed by the vikings .
the forest floor was flat and easy to travel on .
the woodland forest trees were much shorter and further apart than in the northland forest and most of them were lifeless , frozen grey - colored aspen trees .
the woodland forest trees were much shorter and further apart than in the northland forest and most of them were lifeless , frozen grey - colored aspen trees .
* the forest teemed with life ; crickets chirruping , robins singing sweet songs , rabbits bounding through the undergrowth .
she saw a man walk into the darkness of the trees , her darkness , her forest .
she sat in the garden 's failing light , evening 's darkness creeping in from the forest and invading the tomato and pepper plants .
because we are the eyes and ears of the forest .
they prided themselves as the forests keepers .
i will pay you when we rid the forest of thieves , barbarian !
the chattering intensified , the anxiety level rose and the agricultural farmers in mother natures forest armed themselves .
he was one with the weeds , one with the grass , a creature of the forest .
kiarn , gasta , and the other creatures of altus forest have been bringing me food .
i met kiarn and the wolves of altus forest .
kiarn showed me the plight of the forest creatures .
the forest creatures are not fond of men , yet they know that only with the help of men can they free the lands of muckrons and other monsters .
without the help of kiarn and the other forest creatures i would have never found you .
all the other forest creatures had left their company overnight .
the skatheans face became deathly pale as he stared at the army of forest creatures tearing into the muckron ranks .
as the elves search for forest for any sign of nether beasts the sorcerers ahmity andsarah sims begin preparations to open a school of magic to recreate the wizards circle after almost all of the wizards in the land had been destroyed .
the druids question drifted in the forest air like an early morning mist .
all around us the chattering forest wildlife continued to sing , oblivious to the coming confrontation .
as we approached , having had to park two blocks away , forests of fluorescent lights blinked into life around us , a ritual that ushered in an anticipation pregnant night time .
however , even the taste of the forest sod was far superior to what the gargoyle tasted like .
far as the eye could see was the forest of dead pines screening the gehemma river .
these would be filled by massive logs harvested from the northern forests , which were on their way but still several weeks off .
she stared through a forest of legs .
he stopped to think : if things as big as these were flying overhead , then maybe he 'd picked all the grapes his mate and cubs would need , and it was time to take his well - filled sack and mosey back along the forest track ; for , though it was n't really twilight yet , the sun stood westward , promising to set .
i m a man of the forest and fresh water has always suited me just fine .
beyond the doorway was a dark alcove with a large narrow gap showing a forest on the other side .
a forest of crystal chandeliers hung above , hundreds of candles banishing all shadows .
the forest held an immense silence .
when they rode in full force they brought storms , leveled forests , and could reorder the very fabric of time itself .
her long , smooth , tanned legs almost blended in with the backdrop of old pine needles on the forest floor .
` ` if you know how to get this forests pull thing out of my head , then tell me ! ''
the forest was quiet again except for the sound of the fire churning feeding upon the night .
' without these antlers i am no longer herne the hinter , i am merely an insignificant forest sprite . '
[ 21 ] although what exactly the badger was rustling remained a mystery ; there were no sheep in elmswood forest , after all .
he let out a cry of such woeful agony upon seeing them in that state that it reverberated throughout the entire forest , causing the crows in the trees above to awaken and entwine their cries with his .
she tried to change the subject , though her smile was still full of sorrow , ` ` i ' ve left a new book of forest vegetation on your table . ''
the brothers then began to wrestle atop the leaf litter and over the next while as they rolled , grabbed and punched at one another , two decades of pent up bitterness between the two spilled out on the forest floor .
the rumors had persisted for so long that most of the cavalli , including his father , believed that the giants were a myth , much like the forest goblins .
back in the forest of aulus , around midday the party had reached its border .
basha had found the truth difficult to cope with at first , especially knowing that others might think him a balnor , an illegitimate son born without much worth , but he had managed to survive the forest on his own until he was found , and then when he was brought back home he went on with his life as if things were not different , though they were .
the forest myth the four gods who had first risen out of the water spread apart then , one at a time .
mila came first into her forest .
and berevus , he was a member of the town militia before he died in that forest fire a few months ago .
he said he was worried about the black wolf he might have found out of the forest , possibly because it started the forest fire or something like that .
coe wina is there , west and south , on the other side of the boundary between mila forest and popo hills .
berevus had been one of the last standouts , a follower who had also followed smidges example , but smidge could have sworn that something must have happened that night of the forest fire , and berevus must have gotten caught in the act , which was unfortunate .
the wood was alive with noises , crickets chirping and crows cawing and the pitter patter of tiny forest creatures .
at one point in time , calencia was home to the wizards , humans , brazurkins , dainties , jaluts , pranthers , high engeniums , forest engeniums , groots , kwaynots , and raptilians .
` ` as of this moment , lasticall will relinquish its control over the forest engeniums .
` ` if i release the forest engeniums from their life of servitude , i can not allow the mines to go unattended .
i will offer any forest engenium a decent wage and reasonable hours .
for the past century the high engeniums and forest engeniums had been engaged in a bloody war , which had no visible end in sight .
a great number of forest engeniums had been literally worked to death in the gold mines .
with the construction of lasticall , the forest engeniums became stepping stones for their wealthy counterparts .
the high engeniums relentlessly raided their homes , taking any extra food and illegal weapons that the forest engeniums had procured .
after years of slaving in the mines , the disgruntled forest engeniums finally turned on their masters .
once the revolt started , the forest engeniums committed an act out of self - preservation that they would have never before even considered ; they shaved their heads .
after the revolt , it became mandatory practice for all forest engeniums to keep their heads cleanly shaven to prevent high engeniums from sneaking into their territory , as well as preventing any further attempts made to make off with their people .
this prompted the forest engeniums to take a more drastic approach .
eventually , the forest engeniums began to build confidence in their battle abilities .
the screams that followed , which rang out in the night like the large purple cats that inhabited the forests of lasticall , were not muffled .
you are to have azonis ferrini and rasmere elmidas , a forest engenium , join our cause .
the sestian , azonis ferrini , decided that something must be done to stop this savage that terrorized the forest .
rasmere was one of the last forest engeniums who clung to the old ways .
a boar , larger than any other animal in the forest , came barreling toward him .
a forest engenium asked .
azonis ferrini and rasmere elmidas led the high engeniums into battle ; the forest engeniums were not allowed to fight in the army of lasticall .
azonis never thought that a forest engenium would have the nerve to enter the tournament , much less more win it , but the test was open to all .
the sestian was apprehensive about awarding rasmere the position of sword , but he knew that if he did not honor his commitment , it could have resulted in another revolt by the forest engeniums .
azonis hoped that no forest engenium would enter the tournament but knew that he could not exclude them for fear of another revolt .
he did take comfort in the fact that no forest engenium would be skilled enough in the art of combat to ever have a chance at winning the tournament .
the entire population of lasticall , and many of the forest engeniums , turned out for this momentous occasion .
a group of forest engeniums ran out and removed dontiuss body .
up to this point , only four forest engeniums had fought in the tournament .
azonis figured that after the first round , the tournament would become much more interesting , and he would no longer have to worry about the presence of the forest engeniums .
the forest engenium sprawled backwards .
we can not have a forest engenium as the sword .
he knew that the sestian did not want a forest engenium in his court .
he had not made preparations to destroy a seemingly undefeatable forest engenium .
azonis had to despise the fact that a forest engenium had won his tournament and would be occupying a position of power in lasticall , not to mention residing in the castle .
he would use this power to somehow , some way , bring equality to the forest engeniums .
a forest engenium by the name of rasmere elmidas .
i can not allow forest engeniums to serve the kingdom in such a manner , said azonis .
during the first conflict with hasbarie , did not the high engeniums and forest engeniums fight side by side as one ?
the high engeniums and forest engeniums had fought side by side once before .
the allegiance between the two factions had ended the bloody feud between them and had given the forest engeniums certain liberties , but in the eyes of the high engeniums they were still unequal .
the forest engeniums quickly silenced themselves out of respect for rasmere .
the forest engeniums erupted in applause .
i am not asking for your aid to help protect the city of lasticall , but to protect the entire kingdom of lasticall , our forests included .
rasmere sat quietly on a fallen tree listening to the forest .
thaddeus was comforted knowing that the forest engenium would be on lookout .
her fire bolts , combined with the forest blaze , incinerated the ashen foes by the hundreds .
it was very unlikely that anyone with good intentions would be living this far out in the forest .
the creatures of the forest all moved into fodder valley and began their new lives .
in all of his life , no one had ever spoken to him this way , especially a forest engenium .
kicking aside the assorted detritus of the forest floor , he formed a bare patch where he set about building his fire .
mount coot - thas forest closed in on either side of the car .
the forest grows , my little bard , around this sacred tree !
my forest and i bid you welcome .
chapter twenty - six suspicions not a lot can be said for those remaining hours on the forest trail .
they flew over the mountains and the forest of lights .
the forest of light exists in this realm in the centre of the realm .
they re one of the smartest birds in the forest .
i asked if he had ever been to angor forest .
the thing seemed like it would tower over every other tree in the whole forest .
einar listened to the forest .
those forest green eyes sometimes revealed her occasional devil - may - care moments and daring spirit .
macklin got jane 's attention with a gentle touch to her forearm and looked into her forest green eyes before he said , ` ` it is not safe here , jane , especially not now .
macklin looked into her forest green eyes flecked with lighter hues .
chapter 14 a soft but bitterly cold wind whispered through the forest of white birch trees that stretched to the frozen shoreline .
mac looked into her honest , forest green eyes , and noted the gold flecks in them .
the motion caught keiras dragon - sharpened eye and her scream reverberated through the surrounding forest .
out of fear of being pursued they moved as high up the beach as they could and hid in a dip only a few hundred yards from devilsark forest the silver wolf sat listening to the forest ; the voices had told her many strange things none of which made any sense to her .
somewhere along the way eldraken took pity on her old paws ; she had been running ceaselessly for three days when her vision blurred and her legs seemed to move too slow as the forest floor past beneath her at great speedshe came to a sudden stop as if she had hit a brick wall she yelped and shock her head and realized she was once again beside eldraken .
we must have winter to have spring , old people must die and be replaced , and fire must consume the forest floor to make way for new seedlings .
everything changes , he told the forest spirit .
he let his mind wander over the enigmatic things the dryad said and started to doubt that he had spoken to a forest spirit at all .
i had nowhere else to go in this strange forest .
' it is no doubt that you my lord wield the most power in the forest .
they want to remind us who is king of the forest . '
' lord boas , my brother - the morr your brother killed ; was the second most powerful creature in the forest , beloved of the king .
i am the king of the morrs and by implication the most powerful creature in the forest .
' we are the most dominant creatures in the forest ' , egon said .
' we are the most superior species in this part of the forest .
we claim to be the most dominant species in the forest yet we hide and watch while our enemies wax stronger and even try to challenge us .
we have become prisoners in the forest we claim to rule .
' but we all know that of all the creatures in the forest , the morflon fear the immortal trinidos the most .
' be it made of diamonds or all the riches of the forest , the crown and everything associated with it are beneath me .
they work on a principle that morrs are the most superior race in the forest and they would do anything in their power to enforce that .
i was amazed to see just how rampant corn grew in the forest .
they are stewards of the forest .
forests of burned lifeless trees twisted and curled their branches as if frozen in pain .
this time , arnstaad will scour the south forest with his group .
replied francois no one in this part of the forest will come under arm as long as i franois of the meadow is in charge !
this trait was not found in any other families of the forest animals or human .
it is appalling how some people have such poor hygiene around forest fires .
you know , he put up a finger , neither hands on the wheel for a moment , all it takes is an errant spark to start a forest fire , and that forest fire can go on to destroy property and lives .
you know , he put up a finger , neither hands on the wheel for a moment , all it takes is an errant spark to start a forest fire , and that forest fire can go on to destroy property and lives .
henrietta had served firemen for long enough to realise how dangerous forest fires were .
the witch crashed about in the background , and the sounds of the chains that shackled her to the ground clinked and clanged through the forest .
look , i have no idea how it got there , maybe it was just some kids playing pranks , he tried , but his voice had a distant edge to it , and it was clear he did n't believe his own suggestion for a second , but there were whole tracks of forest that were covered in the thickest frost .
a raging forest fire ?
well drink the forest wines and watch men draw sheepskins out of the rivers with gold heavy on the fleece .
the golden ones survived now as the spirits of pools and forests : naiads and dryads , alseids and nereids and all the others .
chaeli had nt realised just how much of the far northern realm was forest .
maran stood in thought for a moment and then began to describe what he had seen in the pool at the centre of the ships ' graveyard , and as the young bard told his tale , lodden saw it as vividly as if he had been given the vision as well ... ~~~ a man who lived in a forest found a strange creature lying in the snow .
boiling tears rolled down his nose and frazzled the grass on the forest floor beneath .
once we believe we are absolutely , resolutely ready , we ask he forest for stuff and blah blah blah .
` ` excuse me , but how will a forest inform us of the monster ?
` ` i am the goddess of the twilight forest , anaina .
forests of pine and cypress cling to the hillsides .
do nt camp in the fields , camp up against the hills where the timber is thickest .
he could name every plant in the forest and knew all their special qualities .
arlows were considered the laziest bird in high forest .
most people in high forest had never seen them move , let alone fly .
ubvas were the favourite of the littlest children in high forest .
the low and happy murmur of people preparing for the festival echoed through high forest .
i have nt seen anyone from high forest since the war ended three years ago .
that forest must be just children and old men after everyone we lost .
we can make room in yours when we get to high forest .
they will come back changed and know why they have to be strong , why they have to sacrifice and why they need to live bound to this forest and to each other .
even some of the oldest and weakest people in high forest could reach the lofts on their own .
what other monsters were coming to high forest ?
he wants payment in obsidian before he will commit us to help defend the forest from the arachs .
it reflected the embers of the fire from drie forest over its surface .
he turned to see the smoldering glow of the drie forest in front of him .
it took hours , breaking the green branches from the pines , sliding them beneath the bear and bending them into hoops before binding them with vines scavenged from the forest floor .
i m not the brainiest animal in the forest .
we were going to try to lift the curse off the forest of despondency , and there was no telling what we were going to need to accomplish that .
he is bound to know what to do to relieve the forest of the curse .
i really did nt understand reasoning behind letting me sleep a few minutes before entering the forest of despondency .
and i was weak and weary from the forest .
it was a gentle , female voice that blended well with the moonlit forest .
what the something was she did not know , but it was to do with helping the forest and being part of the earth .
she had woken refreshed and well in a thick , patch of undergrowth in an unharmed patch of the forest .
as if rehearsed , the three witches cocked their heads up and let loose a sinister laugh in shrill voices that echoed throughout the forest of arduin .
there was silence once more in the forest of arduin .
much dryer and more open than the forest they were driving through , if she remembered her geography lessons .
yet , there are still plenty of reasons to save the forest princess .
i ve got the prospectus here somewhere , with some others- no , its forest academy i want to go to .
i think ill go to forest academy , pandora said , looking at her parents .
you definitely want to go to forest academy ?
you both go to forest academy ?
the ground was strong in areas , crisp as the grass parted into the great forest of longwheat , but the further the company travelled , the wetter it became .
over here , more marks upon the trunks , and the ground is charred , as if a forest fire raged herebut it did not , for the trees are still alive , if anything in the rotwood can be called that .
but even as he spoke there was a scurrying in the forest .
moses kane , a forest ranger with an imposing stare .
the forest ranger , moses , held a modified tape recorder thing .
haw shot glided as fast as a blink to the forest ranger , moses , snatching him off his feet , firing him as a weapon at daelin .
looking back , the line of 13s was reaching for drie forest on the other side of the lake .
something inched its way in a layer of earth towards drie forest before diving down and out of his thoughts .
he had never set foot in drie forest .
beside them the lake flowed slowly eastward to funnel through the greyness of drie forest .
his father was usually quiet with much of his time spent on his tolu , either training or patrolling outside of high forest .
then he chanced to look down at drie forest .
hell see how useful they d be fighting whatever comes out of drie forest .
its used mostly to irrigate the small farms in the forest before draining into the bog in the north .
nova felt a wind from the east before looking up to see they were standing on one of the highest points in high forest .
nova looked down to her left and across the lake at drie forest .
as he stood , the trees of drie forest burned in a dying fire .
with each step , marmels feet became raw as he walked the ashen forest floor .
marmel had always been keen for the lore of all monsters and beasts known in high forest .
ochan was hardly spoken in high forest .
he knew there used to be a kingdom , where drie forest is now , a long time ago .
life was much different than his was in high forest .
marmel was falling and saw the embers of the fire in drie forest burn across the lake .
the birds in your forest could pick off the echlo from their hosts and drive away the vultures .
but i just mean to delay them , that they should come in time to see their forest catch the flame .
you can go back to your home , to high forest , and burn .
as his hands were freed the gravian staggered forwards and collapsed on the bed of rustling brown leaves , which carpeted the forest floor .
searched forest , walkers would not help .
even when the forest - floor was strewn with rocks and branches she glided across them effortlessly without a scratch .
the gate hummed to life in the southlake woods , scattering a deer and several , smaller forest creatures from the grass - bed of the ravine .
then the skin began to peel off him and burn up into wisps of ash , blanketing the forest floor about him .
walked through a raging forest fire ... and more .
the shimmer of the orb - lights flickered off the silver leaves , giving the illusion that they were continuously cascading down like the autumn rain of a forest canopy .
rowan picked up jai 's weapon and stabbed it into the soft forest turf next to him .
human flesh on the other hand is nice and soft ... you will do no such thing , the wolf - headed revenant said , scooping up a large rock off the forest floor .
they look like some kind horrible ... forest spirits !
we ca nt summon the elves tonight for obvious reasons , but we should still have the dwarves and the forest animals assemble here .
chapter seven nord and lov left behind the last of the elven forest .
they knew that the tree was an ancient entwife , one of the last companions to the shepherds of the forest .
the noise and chatter of the forest animals was subdued as if they too were turning in for the day .
they live in the forests .
the forests of felicity stemming out for miles on end , no one part of less significance and illumination than the next .
these flawless grounds were held of the name thy forests of felicity .
she spoke thy spell of entry , thy forests of felicity .
she would hear in thy darkest depths of thy forest we may find ourselves .
she then drifted into the tearful breaths of thy forest .
a forest of kings by david friedel and linda schele the ancient maya by robert sharer and loa traxler the black - man of zinacantan by sarah c. blaffer the blood of kings by linda schele the book of chilam balam of chumayel translated by ralph l. roys breath on the mirror by dennis tedlock chamulas in the world of the sun by gary h. gossen dictionary of maya hieroglyphs by john montgomery heart of heaven , heart of earth by james d. sexton and ignacio bizarro ujpan hidden faces of the maya by linda schele ignacio : the diary of a maya indian of guatemala by ignacio bizarro ujpn the interpretation of cultures by clifford geertz the maya by michael d. coe the maya vase books by justin kerr maya cosmos by david friedel , linda schele and joy parker mayan folktales edited by james d. sexton painting the maya universe by dorie reents - budet popul vuh book translated by dennis tedlock popul vuh movie produced by patricia amlin reading the maya glyphs by michael d. coe and mark van stone ritual of the bacabs translated by ralph l. roys the spoken word and the work of interpretation by dennis tedlock star gods of the maya by susan milbrath time and the highland maya by barbara tedlock tortillas for the gods by evon z. vogt in addition to book research i took two trips to the maya region of central america , which is to say southern mexico , belize , guatemala and honduras .
nesal was a small valley hidden by the cadas mountains and lake szikla to its north and east , with large oaks and sycamores of the ascuns forest to its south and west .
- v - valtava forest ( val - ta - va ) : the forest which protects and hides hozekan .
he awoke to find himself utterly lost in a dank and dreary forest of ancient trees hung about with hoary moss .
he thought for a moment and finally remembered an old hermit that dwelt in this remote part of the forest ; he might not be able to solemnize a marriage but he could at least give the boy dry clothes or possibly a horse .
the only way he could find the forest of strange trees even somewhat navigable was by the narrow paths of hard - packed dirt .
we did need to find ben ... and we needed to find him fast ... chapter 16 forest battle when i woke up , i found myself leaning on ben .
a thin layer of fog crawled along the forest floor dampening sound .
he listened carefully but heard nothing beyond the normal forest chatter of squirrels and birds .
the first drops of rain started to crackle amongst the dead leaves on the forest floor as a cold north - westerly bent bow and branch neath its growing strength .
but now he was on his way back home to the forests of timberland .
but in the end , with the shattered ends of a spear meant for river fish , adapann , the father of all warriors , bled the monster to death , staining the forest red with blood .
by the time a generation had passed , it was known by all that a new power had come to the forest of esathann .
i d no sooner make an unwise man my heir as grandmaster , than to assign the task to a forest fire .
wayden opened his eyes and saw a ceiling of dazzling leaves , a forest fire of a more welcome sort .
but that warmth quickly evaporated like water drops upon a forest fire as he looked to alatearame and juruz , there was a very important reason why they had accompanied him to the graveyard .
huge hailstones destroyed villages and towns , and massive lightning bolts started forest fires .
it feels a little like trying to keep a raging forest fire back by blowing at it .
chapter 2 ahoti ( meaning restless one ) was a nineteen year old forest dweller with a long dark green braid of hair down his back to his waist .
chapter 4 the plains elders sent a message to the forest elders telling them of ahoti and amatola and that she was pregnant .
mixing grasses with sweet - smelling pine needles on the forest floor , the bed was covered with a strong skin so the needles could not pierce through it .
amatola cut several vines from a tree further in the forest , removing all leaves and flowers .
all the forest wildflowers immediately bloomed .
she loved the pine smell with the scent of all of the forest flowers .
kahira was tired , bored ; frustrated with being continually in the forest .
the meal was amazingly arranged , salad - like but full of flower petals from all the different forest flowers .
the scent of animals , forest loam , the fire , his parents and the night air galvanized his desire to complete his awakening .
mixed in with the dust covered forest debris he thought he could make out a pelt .
maynard pointed to the far side as more soil and forest debris slid into the depression .
when he reached the boulder and the stricken forester he cleared away the loose forest debris for a better view .
he was no sprinter , but when it came to moving through the thick understory of the forest he was unequaled .
he would beg or steal what the forest did not provide for him .
there are far worse things hunting on vinland than just the bears , timber panthers , and wolves .
any of the major forest carnivores would leave him alone if he did nt force it into a corner or act like helpless food .
their hunters freely traveled through vinland especially if they were in pursuit of bears , timber panthers , or wolves , which the norse wanted to eradicate to protect their flocks of sheep and the islands tastily edible population of deer , moose , and caribou .
he could nt imagine even a vision - questing shaman being foolish enough to trifle with a timber panther at night .
the enormous puddle that soaked the forest litter beneath olegs feet made it clear that he was already dead since no man could live while so deprived of blood .
the necklace that adorned her elegant neck was comprised of the great , curving claws of a timber panther that small silver beads and norse ornaments of fashioned gold kept regimentally separated .
the most spectacular pelts of bears and timber panthers dressed some of the walls or draped over rafters .
not long after his manhood ceremony , he had gone out alone to hunt an infamous timber panther that had already killed numerous other hunters .
the next sound that came from antler - mans throat was a feral rippling roar that was fit only for a timber panther .
they dragged the corpse of buffalo - man to the shrine then labored to collect the other dead beothuk from the forest as well .
the three micmac grinned over the sight of their macabre display , but twisted - feathers answered him , assuming that forest carnivores do nt drag them all off first , the beothuk wo nt like finding their men in such undignified positions .
the cree are a forest people that live west of the huron lands , so how did you end up here ?
with so many small tribes that nomadically marched about their unfamiliar forests , it would be extremely difficult for him to find them and even more difficult to learn anything once he had .
to the north west was the mighty forest riverfold .
more immediate and ominous were the sounds closer to home , the scratching of the beasts of the forest on the deck outside the cottage , the occasional crash of glass breaking off in great shards due to the passage of some small bird or even the simple expansion and contraction on the window panes in the now untended homes .
five seconds left ... four he pushed through the anarchy of competing forest brush , a mixture of ivy and willow leaves piled amongst three years of untended weeds .
there are no courts in the forest , there s no moral code .
creatures lurked in forest .
months later , wealthy sainos men came and took the valuable woods of our forest .
after a small break , he resumed travel to the cedar forest .
the spirit world coexists with the cedar forest .
she suggested to julia that they recruit tyre to help kidnap pa . you see , marwan , pa never returned that night you were gone to the cedar forest .
it would be held in one of the villages located two hours away from the capital , situated on the outskirt of the forest .
this program is significantly important to the government , because it ties in with efforts to help minimize deforestation and illegal poaching , by creating income opportunities that do not involve exploiting the forest terrain .
a dog was nt unusual on the forest trails , but this one seemed different .
the girl seemed small in the emptiness of the building , hunched in her long forest green pea coat in an effort to stay warm .
only the wind screamed up from the outlying forest ranges .
think of the brain as a thick , dense and unexplored wood or small forest .
it finds a weak opening and it pushes through until it can get to a nice place to plant the seeds from the other forest .
but that book forgot one thing there s more than one level to a forest , and there s more than one level to a brain .
a map of the forest from above will only see front - ness and back - ness , and left - ness and right - ness but it wo nt see up - ness and down - ness .
forests , like brains , have up - ness ( trees ) , and alien - monkey - idea - creatures ( amic ) can obviously move everywhere on those trees without ever reaching down to the ground .
the people of falstead forest are behaving very , very strangely because they ve lost their boxes .
the refugee reflectives of falstead forest had attacked the helikan whites , and killed about four hundred of them and hundreds of more civilian observants , before the riot had been halted by lethal force .
i 'd no sooner make an unwise man my heir , than to assign the task to a forest fire . ''
the helmeted head was vaguely humanoid , but spherical ; the mouth was a forest of fangs , and the eyes glowed like coals .
he lent from the branch and vomited onto the ground , pieces of half digested meat flooded across the forest floor .
enough , yelled sayjin banging his fists on the table an anger suddenly took him , horun is a daft , old man who has spent his forest , nothing more .
the tables , on their central poles with forests of chair legs around them , offered little concealment .
then he stops the jeep where nobody is in sight , gets off , crushes some pine cones , and takes elma off the deep forest .
sarael , however , had come down once , and had only left after much fuss , and having started more than a few forest fires if the stories were to be believed .
a full moon was in the sky above him and the light of the fire danced off forest tress .
okay , allow me to address the elephant in the forest .
entire forests rose and fell before our eyes .
` ` tavi ... set the wax forest on fire ? ''
` ` brutus knew the feel of the wax forest .
` ` that 's the stuff from the wax forest , all right , '' bernard said quietly .
remove , one by one , the forest of walking , talking trees in which she hid .
fleur spoke first , standing behind a podium crowned with a forest of network microphones .
microphones jabbed at him like a forest of spears .
he 'd have seas of blues , and the living hues of forest green and fen ; and he yearned for the mirth of the populous earth and the sanguine blood of men .
at a glance , it seemed lush , lenk thought , but he knew well that forests could be just as unforgiving and desolate as deserts .
a forest of frozen flesh was laid bare before her eyes .
the endless grey trembled and scattered , exposing the abysmyth as a towering tree in the centre of the forest of frozen frogmen .
' i do n't deserve this , ' asper whispered , broken upon the forest floor .
of all the others , she was the first i met , long ago in a forest .
' if your forests are barren , how have you survived this long ? '
mournful trees gathered together to drop a funeral shroud over the forest floor , each branch and leaf trying its hardest to block any trace of light from desecrating the perfect darkness .
the wizard slowly scanned the forest line .
the kelp had thinned out , giving way to another , stranger forest .
another forest stretched out before him .
surrounding the vast , valley - like ring of sand that stretched for at least a mile in all directions , she stood above the coral and kelp swaying in an endless forest surrounding the ring .
the kelp forest rose in great masses of twisting , writhing stalks , cleaved neatly down the middle by the stone road leading into the ring .
earth trembled , smoke bloomed in a gray forest .
an all - engulfing panic took him , there in the halls of the gods whose very existence had been forgotten - octopus - faced gods and gods who were only mummified hands or falling rocks or forest fires ...
when , thirty minutes later , he heard the noise of distant helicopters coming from the west , he struck out away from the timber trail and into the woods .
bernard approached as well , kneeling down and brushing away a layer of forest detritus with one hand , revealing a number of small white - and - pink crystals .
at bernard 's direction , amara and gaius helped him scatter more of the detritus of the forest floor over the bare patch , and he went over it himself , once they were done , until he was satisfied that they had concealed it .
you acknowledge that sometimes fires must burn so that the forests may be renewed .
kevin 's energy raged like a forest fire on the aetheric , power enough to destroy the city , level forests , break the land into rubble .
kevin 's energy raged like a forest fire on the aetheric , power enough to destroy the city , level forests , break the land into rubble .
as they moved away from the tunnel and toward the forest of arches , clary saw that the floor was inscribed with the same runes that sometimes decorated jace 's skin with lines and whorls and swirling patterns .
the ambient forest noises had died away ; no animals skittering through the brush , chattering , or birds chirping .
pain scoured my nerves like wildfire consuming a dry forest .
taking care not to touch him , i discussed the division of forest with england .
besides weather and forest noises , i heard only silence .
a small forest of hands went up .
gracchus was a good tribune logistica , but his records were organized about as well as your average forest fire .
reputed to be a swordsman of the highest caliber , his talent for firecrafting had once snuffed out an entire forest fire when a range of his expensive , exported hardwoods had nearly been consumed .
a forest of crooked , twisted , pitiful trees .
perhaps there was a ... he racked his brains trying to remember what sort of accommodation forests traditionally offered ... perhaps there was a ginger bread house or something ?
sort of chap who can tell one herb from another , roams - the - high - forest - with - every - beast - his - brother kind of thing .
another foot bounced him , unseen by any of the pious , between the forest of legs .
there are no medium - sized trees in the deep forest .
the kingdom of lancre dozed in the heat , which shimmered on the forests and the fields .
she 'd take to her bed instead and send her mind out borrowing , inside the head of some forest creature , listening with its ears , seeing with its eyes .
the door had opened out on to the opera house 's roof , just one more item in a forest of skylights and airshafts .
in yet another part of the forest a young shaman was undergoing a very essential part of his training .
' anyway , you ca n't buy this place because there is n't anyone to buy t from- ' ' i think i could probably arrange that , on behalf of the forest council of course , ' interrupted swires , trying to avoid rincewind 's glare .
a few have been privileged to see umcherrel , the soul of the forest , and they are known as spirit masters .
in a distant forest a wolf howled , felt embarrassed when no - one joined in , and stopped .
blades shattered as they hit silica skins , there were one or two brief , flat screams , and then nothing more but shouts far away in the forest as they put as much distance as they could between themselves and the avenging earth .
all that tinkly - wee stuff was for the old folks back home in the forest - when a tiny man hit ankh - morpork he preferred to get drunk , kick some serious ankle , and search for tiny women .
it was hard to see where there would be space for any among the drifts of ornamental fruit bowls and forests of wine glasses .
' corvids are exceptionally bright with reasoning and , in the case of some forest species , tool - using abilities ! '
nobby looked at the forest of masts filling ) , the bay .
a green shoot speared up from the forest litter in response to the first light of dawn , unfolded into two leaves , and went on growing .
a forest of hands shot up .
slowly , like a mighty forest tree , the dresser pitched forward .
` ` now wha - aaaaaaaaa - '' across the forest animals broke and scattered as the shadow passed overhead , crying and cursing .
clang went the oven doors again ; it was going to be a tough night for all wanderers in metaphorical forests .
they stretched away toward a forest of black trees , boughed with snow .
the forest went on .
his office had once had a wonderful view of the city and , technically , it still did , although now the roofline was a forest of clacks towers , winking and twinkling in the sunlight .
we brought a wee letter from that hollow tree down in the forest .
' this king , ' said mort , as a forest zipped beneath them , ' is he good or bad ? '
the sun made the cobbles steam and death felt the faintest tingling of that little springtime urge that can send a thousand tons of sap pumping through fifty feet of timber in a forest .
rincewind looked at the dim , mist - wreathed shapes that loomed in the mist under a forest of rigging .
the dark forests of his eyebrows wrinkled as it became apparent that rincewind was n't immediately ready to hurl vengeful magic at the invaders .
[ 24 ] there was a splintering crash ahead as the leading glaciers smacked into a forest .
even in midwinter the forest was full of life , usually dozing in burrows or hibernating in the middle of trees .
' don't- ' magrat began , but the fool was already pounding down the forest path that led back to the castle .
the duke smiled out over the forest .
as it sagged again and started to plough a furrow among the midnight leaves she tensed herself , prayed to whatever gods of the forest might be listening that she would land on something soft , and let go .
back in the forest , magrat sat up and absent - mindedly pulled a twig from her hair .
' you mean forests . '
luckier rain fell on upland sheep , or whispered gently over forests , or patterned somewhat incestuously into the sea .
now he was trying to convince himself that the forest of little turrets and crenellations at its top looked just the same tonight as they had done yesterday .
sergeant colon looked around at the forest of chimneys .
then again my father does n't have an entire forest of books on his past conquests .
at least forest animals have fangs or claws or , at the very least , good instincts .
for days he 'd been traveling through the cold and unforgiving northlands over oceans of despair and forests of death and rivers of bile .
the cadwaladrs are putting out the forest fire as we speak . ''
` ` forest fire ? ''
` ` wanted to make sure you did n't burn to death in the forest fire . ''
keita stood , using her front claws to brush the forest dirt off her scales .
` ` izzy , '' eibhear asked from above her , the power of his wings making the forest trees sway .
i closed my eyes , drowning out the forest 's chorus , and focused on nothing but him .
her throat was so dry , she felt like she had been in a forest fire , breathing smoke .
a forest fire would at least attract attention .
at least the chance of a forest fire was nil in this weather .
it sounded weird in the forest .
something that made me forget all about that nut in the forest .
that , combined with my new twelve - hole forest green doc martens and my leather jacket that was too hot for the surprisingly warm may weather , i felt better than i had in weeks .
i turned around to see nothing but the lighthouse remains and the dewy grass that stretched back into the forest of thick trees .
there was a forest of mugs in front of nobby .
then someone went through the brags about the impossibly big steamers , the hurricano and the e. jenkins and such , that grew their own wood with forests on their hurricane decks , and had wheels so big they took a whole year to make a full turn .
` ` fact is , the shape you 're in , i would n't recommend you take on a campfire , much less a forest fire , '' she said .
` ` look , emily , i ' m low on patience , i ' m in pain , and no way are you using her to fight a forest fire .
people think they understand what a forest fire is .
she was busy trying to contain the forest fire itself , but this was a second front , and we could n't afford to let it get busy at its job .
and then he was gone , a dot in the mirror , vulnerable and fragile next to the rising giant fury of the forest fire , standing in front of the oncoming flood of plasma and flame .
not to mention the demon that had been chasing after me like a freight train back in the forest , lighting trees on fire as it came .
behind us , the forest fire was a lurid red fury , pouring blackness into the clouds .
` ` it 's like your forest fire .
it was packed with the tall ships of the armada that had returned from canea , a forest of naked masts reaching up to the snowy sky .
another group of mantises rushed the trees , this one twice the size as the one before , raising their scythe - limbs in anticipation - but just before they reached the timber line , the trees exploded with howling pale forms that came bounding out to meet them , clothed in hide with thick mantles of black feathers .
the bird 's beak gleamed in tandem with the marat 's knife , and the terrible , raking claws upon its feet scratched through the bed of damp pine needles covering the forest floor and tore at the earth beneath .
it fell to the forest floor , screaming still , thrashing viciously in its agony .
the marat that had rushed aldrick knelt on the forest floor , its head lowered and swaying , its hands pressing at its belly and stained with blood .
he just stared out over the wax forest .
someone caught sight of me on my knees , with lee 's body cradled in my arms , and the tenor of the babble changed and grew louder as people converged around me in a forest of heads and shadows .
in some drainage pipe or under some foundation folded into the rusted trunk of an abandoned car or strewn across a forest floor , cameron molders .
at least the light had made the storm retreat in my forest of fears .
` ` um , same way team smokey bear let forest fires eat up half of california last year ?
there 's a forest fire starting in yellowstone . ''
i know the minute must be almost up and will have to decide what my strategy will be and i find myself positioning my feet to run , not away into the stir rounding forests but toward the pile , toward the bow .
the boulders diminish to rocks that eventually turn to pebbles , and then , to my relief , we 're back on pine needles and the gentle incline of the forest floor .
except for her forest green slippers , she does n't have on a stitch of clothing .
debris begins to litter the forest floor .
he had nothing but the present , nothing but maneck and surrounding forest .
for some granola - chewing , tree - hugging forest nut , albert was n't very weather wise .
i did n't want to show any weakness in front of him , but the thing was , part of me still questioned if having sex with kiyo back in the forest had been right or not .
there were fountains of butterflies that flew glittering into the trees ; there were pillars of coloured fires that rose and turned into eagles , or sailing ships , or a phalanx of flying swans ; there was a red thunderstorm and a shower of yellow rain ; there was a forest of silver spears that sprang suddenly into the air with a yell like an embattled army , and came down again into the water with a hiss like a hundred hot snakes .
his grey thirsty spirit drew power out of the earth and spread like fine root - threads in the ground , and invisible twig - fingers in the air , till it had under its dominion nearly all the trees of the forest from the hedge to the downs .
it was now as clear and far - seen as it had been veiled and misty when they stood upon the knoll in the forest , which could now be seen rising pale and green out of the dark trees in the west .
deep in their forest the trees are very great .
there the entwash flows in by many mouths from the forest of fangorn in the west .
there were a few older ents , bearded and gnarled like hale but ancient trees ( though none looked as ancient as treebeard ) ; and there were tall strong ents , clean - limbed and smooth - skinned like forest - trees in their prime ; but there were no young ents , no saplings .
they talked for a while as darkness fell on the forest .
but now his long slow wrath is brimming over , and all the forest is filled with it .
but that is only a few leaves in a forest . '
fewer were they but they clove through the southrons like a fire - bolt in a forest .
may your forest grow again in peace .
the forest still had a bad wolverine problem at night and was infested with carnivorous trees .
speaking in the witch 's quiet forest burr , he began .
a quiet voice , spoken with a soft forest burr like the rustling of the leaves on the trees , came out of the dark .
galen was a small woman , somewhat weather - beaten after years of outdoor living in the forest .
hubert shouted to some figure in the forest of glassware .
` ` i ' m not a forest ranger , '' i said .
the purple mass looked for a moment like a plump of organ - pipes , then like a stack of rolls of cloth set up on end , then like a forest of gigantic umbrellas blown inside out .
and now he was treading on soft groundweed over level earth and the forest roof was above his head .
maleldil drove him far away into a green sea where forests grow up from the bottom through the waves ... ... ` ` its name is lur , '' said the king .
they drank very little wine , and it made the hollies very talkative : for the most part they quenched their thirst with deep draughts of mingled dew and rain , flavoured with forest flowers and the airy taste of the thinnest clouds .
or might they view it simply as an obstacle , something that had to be overcome , the way that some alerans regarded high mountains and remote forests ?
` ` but it does not change the fact that the first queen stirred after we stole the blessing from the center of the wax forest .
a forest of weed was growing round it and over it , all except the dragon 's head ; somehow not even barnacles were growing on that , and under it there was a mound of white sand .
` ` once we brought sidhe to us like harvesting the fruits of the forest , '' frost said .
when i took them off , barinthus 's hair gleamed through the forest of bodies around me .
i knelt in the leaves and weeds in the winter - locked forest .
brethil * forest between the rivers teiglin and sirion ; men of brethil , the people of haleth .
brithiach * ford over sirion north of the forest of brethil .
dorlas a man of consequence among the people of haleth in the forest of brethil .
hirilorn a great beech - tree in the forest of neldoreth with three trunks .
region * the southern forest of doriath .
thus was the king guarded against all evils save treachery alone ; his halls were builded in a deep cavern , vaulted immeasurable , that knew no other entrance than a rocky door , mighty , pillared with stone , and shadowed by the loftiest and most ancient trees in all the shaggy forests of artanor .
hirilorn , the queen of trees golosbrindi , the queen of the forest ( p. 18 ) ; hirilorn golosbrindi at subsequent occurrences .
there did she stay her feet and standing spake as to herself : ` ` 0 waters of the forest whither do ye go ?
0 waters of the forest whither do ye go ? ''
then did naugladur in his triumph laugh till his beard shook , and bid seize her : but none might do so , for as they came towards her they groped as if in sudden dark , or stumbled and fell tripping each the other , and gwendelin went forth from the places of her abode , and her bitter weeping filled the forest .
golosbrindi ( earlier name of hirilorn , rendered in the text ( p. 51 ) ' queen of the forest ' . )
there were patches of neat grass , a few small trees and a forest of signposts .
to hear it out in the forest under the moon was too much for bilbo .
the fires in the middle of the hall were built with fresh logs and the torches were put out , and still they sat in the light of the dancing flames with the pillars of the house standing tall behind them , arid dark at the top like trees of the forest .
at that point there was a deep ford which they might have passed , if they had still had their ponies , and beyond that a track led to the skirts of the wood and to the entrance of the old forest road .
` ` the greatest of the forests of the northern world .
that night they ate their very last scraps and crumbs of food ; and next morning when they woke the first thing they noticed was that they were still gnawingly hungry , and the next thing was that it was raining and that here and there the drip of it was dropping heavily on the forest floor .
then the hurrying water of the forest river swept all the company of casks and tubs away to the north bank , in which it had eaten out a wide bay .
the talk was all of the trade that came and went on the waterways and the growth of the traffic on the river , as the roads out of the east towards mirkwood vanished or fell into disuse ; and of the bickerings of the lake - men and the wood - elves about the upkeep of the forest river and the care of the banks .
she fell straight - limbed and unyielding in one swift motion , the way a tree goes down in the forest .
not far from the gates of menegroth stood the greatest of all the trees in the forest of neldoreth ; and that was a beech - forest and the northern half of the kingdom .
it came out of the forest fire ; i 'd never seen anything like that before ; i did n't know what to ... i could n't protect her .
it did n't have any of the usual signs - no menacing clouds , no tremors in the ground , no forest fires charring acres of homes .
` ` and we must keep watch over toulon : we may have taken twenty prizes at trafalgar , but now bonaparte has every forest in europe at his disposal , he can build more ships .
the river plunged on through the trees below them , but up ahead the timber petered out , and a broad field of rich green growth , very small , spread out across the floor of a wide green valley , framed but not cramped by rising mountains .
the long , thickly forested slopes curved downward to the valley floor like wide - spread green skirts , then thinning out into grassy plains : timber and grazing land as well , and the valley stretched a considerable length , ample to any use .
they were just running , the way he had seen animals on the news one time running from a forest fire .
when trouble struck in the shove as it sometimes did , when two tribes were brought into conjunction , there was always the forest of legs to dive between and once , when trev had been really desperate , a number of shoulders to run across ... what was he thinking ?
and it will keep on turning , as lights die and forests dim , storms call and skies break .
like the ghost of a forest fire , stopped by some unseen barrier .
fallen needles crackled as ramshalan moved off into the forest .
with that , rand turned ; to min 's eyes , he was just a shadow rustling in the forest .
the forest floor was a messy tangle of underbrush and fallen pine needles .
it never hit a branch or lost its footing , despite the treacherous forest floor coated with slick moss .
two wise ones sat on the floor at the center of the room , amid a forest of columns .
sometimes she was a forest woman , with no formal military training .
mountains , forests , lakes , meadows .
` ` we 're going to need more of that , and you 'd better tell grady you 'll be some time yet ... '' chapter 48 near avendesora aviendha took one final step and was out of the forest of glass pillars .
around her , the forest of glass columns shimmered with prismatic color .
` ` i do n't want to go on , '' aviendha said to the empty forest of glass .
she wished she 'd never stepped back into the forest of pillars .
he eyed her from under his flat cap of forest green .
` ` the trollocs control the entire southern section of the forest '' , bashere said , knuckling his mustaches .
` ` i think that the forest has done us the good it can '' , bashere said , moving some trolloc tokens on their maps .
aviendha sliced that wind down the center with an invisible weave the size of a great forest tree .
they were tired , too , but they 'd also seen little use during the forest battles and the retreat .
as the trollocs reached the middle of the pass , the aiel on both sides untied piles of oiled tree trunks - there were so many dead trees in forests now that ituralde had had no trouble fetching them through gateways - and lit them aflame .
it was the dirge they sang for forests that had to be leveled or for great trees that died in a storm .
and here , through the window , rand saw the chora fields - a forest of them , surrounding the fabled city .
he thought of nideck point and wondered how the redwood forest would be in the rain .
by the end of wolf , jack nicholson had been a full - blown four - footed animal of the forest .
she was the daughter of the california naturalist jacob dennys , who had written five books about the redwood forests of the northern coast .
the forest was at peace , from one border to another .
the forest songs faded to a sweet whispering hum .
all the world had become the forest of trees and towers .
the forest gentry would eventually come whether felix called them or not . ''
` ` the forest gentry ? ''
` ` but who are the forest gentry ? ''
the forest gentry always come at midwinter .
` ` margon , who are the forest gentry ? ''
` ` were they the forest gentry ?
and finally it does n't matter , especially not with the forest gentry , because we know what they can do .
` ` does it matter if the forest gentry tell lies ? ''
let him explain the forest gentry .
but what i ' m trying to tell you is that these forest gentry are merely one tribe of these old and evolving ghosts , and of course they are among the most cunning , the most practiced and the most formidable . ''
` ` but who do the forest gentry think they are ? ''
the forest gentry know those who belong to the forest .
` ` and your company , the forest gentry , you take in wandering spirits . ''
` ` we are after all the forest gentry .
all of you forest gentry were once flesh and blood .
` ` we are the forest people , '' he said gently .
and we leave elthram and the forest gentry to their task . ''
` ` and how many more of you forest gentry are in this room right now ? ''
` ` ah , the forest gentry are going to love all this , '' said felix .
reuben glanced in that direction and caught a glimpse of her , a fellow human being , not one of the forest gentry , a slender figure with her arms out , guiding a whole troop of youngsters through the crowd .
but he could see a constant shifting and reshuffling amongst the forest gentry because innumerable members of the tribe were disappearing and others appearing right before his dazzled eyes .
the forest gentry were vanishing .
he wrote in a kind of code about the forest gentry , ` ` our woodland neighbors '' and their ` ` wan '' children , and just when he thought he could remember nothing else he began describing the carols played and sung , and the various dishes that had covered the table , and the descriptions of those memorable beauties who 'd walked like goddesses through the rooms .
they were swarming , but fortunately for me , your friends came along , those forest people , you know the ones who were at the fair and the party . ''
but the rain - drenched forest was in no danger from the fire .
overhead the high remote branches of the redwoods groaned and creaked with the forest gentry .
the music was softening , boiling into an obvious dance , and in the dancing glare of the fire , reuben saw the forest gentry closing in , elthram and the others , with long garlands of ivy and flowering vine with which they decked reuben and laura , winding the ivy and vine around their shoulders .
the singing of the forest gentry had stopped .
the forest gentry hung back whispering and murmuring restlessly .
chanted the forest gentry in a deafening chorus .
the great compact and irresistible mass of the forest gentry absorbed the futile blows of the frantic female morphenkinder and the desperate white wolf , hockan , as they sped their helpless prisoners towards the bonfire .
the crush of forest gentry was suddenly beyond any count , and the chant of ` ` modranicht '' drowned out all other sounds .
and into the fire the forest gentry threw the two wailing , roaring females , fiona and helena .
out of the inferno came horrific screams , but the forest gentry held fast .
` ` hands , hands , '' said elthram , and other forest gentry crowded around phil , all laying their hands on him .
what have your forest gentry made of it ?
but what of margon , reuben asked lisa in furtive whispers - margon , who was so opposed to the forest gentry on general principles ?
how many times had reuben been told that the forest gentry never harmed anyone ?
but surely the massive show of physical power by the forest gentry had meant something to the others .
the forest gentry could indeed do harm to others when they chose .
well , lisa said no one had ever seen the forest gentry do such a thing .
but the forest gentry would never have done it without ' grave cause . '
` ` and i ca n't lay the blame on felix that the forest gentry astonished everyone .
` ` the forest gentry have always had their own reservoir of power . ''
why was n't margon furious that the forest gentry had done what they did ?
she took something like four buses to get to nideck and then the forest gentry found her walking along the road in the rain with her backpack .
i do n't think the forest is appreciated until that innate desire has seen some fulfillment . ''
he thought of her words later that day as they left the valley behind and entered a stand of thick timber .
` ` a whole forest of nymphs gets wiped out .
once the train line came , ed assured me , there would be houses cropping up and down the hills like mushrooms after a rainstorm , a forest of bleached white skeleton - houses , shingled siding , modern plumbing .
` ` penelope made a wish and then a forest grew up ... ` ` amy says , after putting her finger , arbitrarily , in the center of the page .
every muscle in his body hurt despite landing on a cushion of wet , pine needles , leaves and forest debris .
but respect also came to her through her own fathers death , dying as he did in the terrible battles along the argonne forest during the great war .
the barren brush throughout the forest turned bright green and armies of wildflowers pushed upward from beneath the thick blanket of thistles and pine needles that had kept them warm through the long winter , while young fawn danced and played nearby .
there were no camp fires to be seen , no voices to be heard , only a stillness so soft she could hear the early morning dew dropping from the leaves to the forest floor .
another option was to hire one of the bands of fianna that lived in the forests .
just walk back down the valley '' commanded the leader of the forest men .
the leader of the forest men walked toward culann and his four companions , sword in hand .
their last glimpse of the warriors ahead showed them halting briefly then turning and running frantically away from the oncoming forest fire .
he looked up through the thick soup of branches and managed to see the sun setting in the west , the only logic in the forest swirling with madness .
the sound drenched the forest all around the two goddesses .
she went to him and threw her arms about his waist , her forehead reaching but to this powerful man 's tangled forest of beard .
her sigh of relief echoed off the forest of columns .
just northeast of morea bridge , he 's laid waste to boeotia 's forests to build a gigantic palisade . ''
small and medium - scale farmers / ranchers began converting forest lands to pasture lands at an increasing rate .
those seasons of snow and ice were romanticized by the dolhinov jewish poet , samuil plaunik , in a winters tale : a snowy night hangs , a savage night hangs , a grey pelt above forests wild tresses .
fortunately , on their way they ran into gitas nephew who persuaded them to choose life , to return to the forest and not give up .
as a veteran forest worker , he knew the countryside around minsk and peasants well .
yet if sigalchik was a sheep in the parlor , he would be a veritable lion in the forests of belarus .
two months later , isser and his family were all killed and with no close family to consider any more , koton was ready to return to the forest and make a second try at fighting for his life .
good morning , forest war dog ! .
this was the war of the forests : small groups of men , often lost , wandering among thick - set trees .
those convicted were hung before a cheering crowd of local people , including jews returned from the forests .
when hunters kill the animals of the forest , they leave a portion of the kill to cernunnos , thanking the god of animals for the meat .
a hunting spear was dangerous , but difficult to wield in the cramped space of a forest pathway .
this is the best time of year to track the forest king , when he is distracted by the does in season .
hands toured his frame , discovering every tightened nerve , while powdered sandalwood enveloped his hair and beard until he seemed lost in a fragrant forest .
into a forest of rajput spears .
it was a forest of arrows and broken spear shafts .
` ` this island was once ruled by the orisa of the forest .
* atiba moved noiselessly along the wet sand of the shore , crouched low , the wind in his face , just as he had once stalked a wounded leopard in the forest three days north of ife .
my people are of the forest .
women have nothing to fear , men say in envy , no mortal foe ; his to inherit his fathers feuds , hers to drive her cart into foreign parts , the great north forest in hoeluns case and sit beside the brother of a savage forest king .
like forest people he had skin bone - ivory with near - black eyes , but he was mongol by his style of hair .
with my history i ca nt be a forest snob .
five years strenuous , outdoors life in the hills and forest had left her fit , lean and muscular .
up in the forest roof birds warbled and whistled , cackled and cawed .
but in the forest , where wild animals belong to no - one but themselves , where agha rich gives freely of his pelf and pelts , parsimony is the only sin .
the forest lawn memorial park in glendale , california is as much a tourist attraction as a place of repose and respect .
the firmer lands flourished with trees and plants , whether in the form of forests of beech and pine trees or rolling pastures speckled with shrubs of golden flowers .
it was hard work , paddling twelve hours a day , eating little more than pemmican , a form of dried deer or buffalo , and what berries , nuts and other fruits of the forest he could scavenge .
when a german offensive threatened the ardennes forest in belgium , france , and luxembourg , then manned with 83,000 troops , general dwight david eisenhower , the supreme allied commander , increased the american troop level to 610,000 , primarily from first army .
no doubt whole forests of evergreens were disappearing from artic lands to bring temporary pine scents to lacquered parlors .
whatever kind of count or earl he was , whole forests of mulberry trees had been denuded to produce the silk for his stockings .
he thought this must be some backwoods cabin nestled in dark timber .
reversing his gaze , he shortened the lead on his horse to let them wind within the timber over brush until finding a deadfall along which they could move , kneeling at the end into a hollow where he considered the damp ground ahead .
then he saw snow on a pine forest .
i peer through barbed - wire and machinegun nests over the trench into the swampy forest i ve been living in for months .
from the central crossroads of the two main avenues of forest of colonnades extended along the ten minute walk to the palace and temple complex , a wonder in its own right .
that s why some forest creatures called senji , the universal rock .
he sat on his sea bag and watched the sky continue to get brighter with a multitude of reds and oranges resembling a pacific northwest forest fire in the dark of the moon .
lawrence rode ahead of john , to tell matt and paul that they had found angie and she had been snake bit by a big timber rattler , and was unconscious .
a deep ditch surrounded the entire complex of gaillard , skirted with a wooden palisade that must have taken an entire forest to create .
the scent of brine clung to the mist drifting in clumps through the forest .
it was two days before deston discovered that the deputy marshal was on his trail , but when he did find it out , he plunged into the tall timber , making a beeline toward the safety of the havens , an outlaw stronghold deep in the rugged mountains .
sergeant scarburg stops , shoulders his musket , and despite being unable to see the enemy fires forward into the forest of cornstalks .
early next morning , they were crawling on all fours among the forest of markers .
there was another roar of laughter , coming from behind the gargoyle , somewhere amongst the forest of poplars .
budsby cleared his throat and stepped forward a pace on the dusty forest track .
ships of all sizes and rigs , their masts forming a forest of spars , their rigging resembling an intricate spider web delicately balanced upon the masts .
the deity was hewn from a single tree and as big as one , like the immemorial oaks in the forest under amiata ; a great crack opened black on one side .
but tanaquil thought her fires were flimsy things , compared with the fire she 'd seen surrounding servius , blazing like a pine forest fire when the resin starts to burn inside the cracking trees .
as the old timber begins to crown out , new shoots spring up , and the forest continues to grow .
a forest of masts rose from the sailing ships docked along ostend street .
along the hudson and east river , a forest of ships masts stretched as far as they could see .
people on the farms , people in the forest .
exhilarated , she felt her body relax and opened her eyes to find herself looking at a blur of greenish brown that was the forest floor .
epilogue october 18th 1314 , forest of halatte , pont - sainte - maxence , france philip was in good spirits .
the force of the previous days rainstorm had been blunted by the forests canopy of leaves and the impressions of a multitude of hooves and boots were more obvious than they d been on the open land .
there was the occasional snort from a horse and the far - off birdcalls in the forest but nothing more .
he knew every deer and rabbit trail in the forest at the northern limit of the demense and he described to haworth the quarry he had in mind to offer hugh , a large and well - proportioned stag which he called the young king .
by setting themselves up with or over the local chiefs , they controlled large areas of these forest - lands .
the farmers and forest dwellers were not of the same clan as the inhabitants of the southern village , and therefore felt they owed its people no special loyalty .
alfred at first hides in the forest of selwood .
* * * trees were the most vocal beings in the forest .
finally , she reached the edge of the ruetli , a clearing nestled in a thick copse of trees overlooking the eastern shores of the great lake of the four forest regions .
i did nt want to accidentally start a forest fire that would engulf my new home .
nadine thompson : z character - supporting - zz the forest - 3.5 a physiologist dying of cancer .
coppola : zz the forest - 3.0 - z character - minor a director .
william burroughs : zz the forest - 3.0 - z character - minor an author .
andes : z place - zz the forest - 3.0 a mountain range .
moorehead estate : z place - zz the forest - 4.0 bought by toshi and howard .
d - lab : z place - zz the forest - 3.5 part of moorehead .
cannes film festival : zz the forest - 3.0 - z organisation a new movie pimping event .
pariplenata americana : z animal - zz the forest - 4.0 scientific name for cockroaches .
dermestid : z animal - zz the forest - 3.0 type of beetle .
coleoptera : z animal - zz the forest - 3.0 type of beetle .
pedipalps : z animal - zz the forest - 3.5 the feelers of a spider .
dodo : z animal - zz the forest - 3.0 an extinct bird .
astrobiology : z concept - zz the forest - 3.0 the science of extraplanetary life .
teuthology : z concept - zz the forest - 3.0 cephalopod study .
cryptozoology : z concept - zz the forest - 3.0 study of unknown or possibly fantastic life forms .
cambrian : z concept - zz the forest - 3.0 a geologic age .
first contact : z concept - zz the forest - 4.0 term for meeting an alien species .
olympic national forest : z place - 3.0 - zz -- 30 -- in washington state .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
when they came again into open twilight they were in a forest of vast lichened monoliths reaching nearly as high as the eye could see and forming the modest gravestones of the gugs .
soon afterwards they emerged from the sombre firs and crossed a wide and sloping ground , almost bare of trees , where a forest fire last year had swept away the underwood .
the region is not as popular as the hidden lake forest preserve , but is enjoyed by hunters and serious hikers alike .
these are embedded along the heavily wooded region as if they were part of the forest preserves .
this unnecessary blockade had been removed some years later , as it only accumulated forest debris at the incoming down flow side of the tunnel ; sometimes clogging the flow of water where it would rise to undesired levels .
* * * it was a gray , saturday morning as steve volunteered himself to ride in the back of the unmarked patrol car with detectives tom and larry to the hidden lake forest preserve .
but the forest was miles and miles of wilderness .
terms were discussed at length , carter acting as interpreter , and it was decided that the zoogs might remain a free tribe on condition of rendering to the cats a large tribute of grouse , quail , and pheasants from the less fabulous parts of the forest .
dark green eyes like cool shade in a deep verdant forest on a hot day hold my eyes captive for a moment .
the evening sun slashed orange fire on the buildings around usa forest of glass and steel needles , encircled lazily by hawks , reachingshootingup to the crashing , churning clouds .
there was a small forest of rose bushes we would have to wade through to get to the front door , but it was n't unlike most of the other houses , and the upper story made it worth it .
there are no timber wolves in lennox county , according to sources .
sometimes private citizens held it as a managed forest , or leased it for commercial tree plantations .
much of the foliage that grew in the mooses way needed a good trampling every now and again lest it get out of hand and disturb the general aesthetic of the forest .
he had a good eye for detail and would not stand idly by when he could do his own small part to make the forest more livable for all .
ben never liked the idea of royalty so when he got to play the sheriff of nottingham forest , he did so with relish .
over time , as more fires , floods , freezes and even the forest service in an unfortunate act of land reclamation that took the sports store of stansbury along with stans home , never stopped the optimistic owner from trying to enrich the lives of the people of stansbury with sports .
the herd fled in a frantic stampede when their fellow elk collapsed with a thud against the forest ground .
a bellowing voice echoed through the forest on the other side of the tree .
tereq referred to that two nights ago in the forest .
tereq released a boisterous laugh that echoed off the forest trees .
the timber companies had bought up much of the land , and had acquired timber rights to the land they could nt buy .
the timber companies had bought up much of the land , and had acquired timber rights to the land they could nt buy .
as were the rest of the forest creatures , for as suddenly as the noise had begun , it stopped , and in the new found silence , all that emily could hear was her blood throbbing in her veins .
` ` i believe it 's called a timber monkey , and can be found far to the south , in the jungle forests where the gorian range can only be seen in memory , '' their guide explained .
meco and arete the food that needs you to be still people with celabro come , and not with the only whips as the fierce beasts of the forests . ''
it was for half city of that village , when you / he / she had to hurry the assignments that people were waited for ch'egli adempisse in base to his / her figures of hunter but the other halves his / her life you / he / she obeyed to the laws of the forest and well soon with his / her group of hunters you / he / she created a new tribe where he reigned without any contradiction from the others .
while it was deciding in hurry on what sod of ground to move and on whether to put the feet to avoid to be swallowed by the cracks , his / her spirit it observed her / it thoughtful , clearly realizing that the cause springing that turned on change of personality was imputable to the multiple homicide of which was stain in the forest .
i stared up , along with everyone else , through a forest of waving arms that seemed to stutter and strobe against the bright sky .
a forest of thirty floors .
it was then in a forest .
and while helen considered to the forest of outlines in the images of the peruvian painter , the angel announcer had already turned the pages to reach what he wanted .
on the other side of the harbor , beneath the level of the boards and across a forest of pilings , a ghoul shuffled unnoticed into the water toward them .
he had trouble getting to sleep that morning , worried daniel would nt be able to keep a good watch in those thick trees , but the threat of a forest fire seemed to be over .
it was nt the tallest oak in the forest but the owl considered it home .
i really do nt want to wake up in the middle of a forest fire .
their skin blistered and shrivelled , their eyes melted in their sockets and their flesh oozed charred and lucid from the bone , popping and sizzling when it dropped onto the pine - needled carpet of the forest beneath where they stood .
it was as i spun around , taking in this forest of statues , that i spotted a dark figure in the distance marching this way .
their fertilized seeds can only be opened by the heat of a forest fire .
chapter 14 : john vincent hickle john vincent hickle was born in ross - on - wye , a small market town with a population of 10,089 in southeastern herefordshire , england , located on the river wye , and on the northern edge of the forest of dean .
it would take a forest fire to burn out the dead wood .
like a great oak in a forest , sawed through to the core , he teetered on his feet .
a crazy man with a gun and a bear in the middle of a forest trail that no one knew we were on .
forgetting himself for the moment , brines gaze left the mercenarys forest of chest hair and made contact with his eyes .
she had heard about the kingdoms first - and - only attempt at expansion in the forest of the shun and she knew the attempt had flooded one night during the time of galimose .
some said it was the iron content of the soil , others said a boring beetle got to them , some swore they d been felled by a lightning strike , others remembered a forest fire .
been abandoned twenty years now , converted to a forest tower .
a few more steps and i felt the ground grow harder , more rocks and gravel than forest debris .
does the forest service keep any kind of records ?
bodies found in reigelheim forest preserve jen and tanner both grabbed for the paper , jen reading aloud : police responded to a report from forest service personnel of bodies found near big chetek creek .
that s why forest service guys found them , probably .
colin shook his headshe found joy in the simplest of things , it was refreshing , like the crisp smell of evergreens in a wooded snowy forest .
it had maneuvered exceptionally well given the density of the firs making up the forest .
there was a thunderous noise as the airframe tore through the leaves and branches , ploughing through the tops of the trees , plunging to the swampy rain forest floor .
as the shape grew clearer and he could distinguish the movement of its appendages and the details of its shape , it became apparent that the thing sprinted with strength and agility that surpassed a human , almost floating over the soft forest floor as it ran .
unlike the clearly artificial walls of the barred room , the arena appeared to be one of the original natural caverns the coven was built around , since the ceiling was populated by a forest of stalactites that hung in long spikes .
other times , he would stop and touch a bare outcropping of layered shale or sandstone that pierced through the muddy hillside , and a granule of rock or some dust would fall to the forest floor .
this is how forest fires and stuff get started .
thick blankets of suffocating fog that writhed and clung to the forest of concrete and metal .
the open forest he had stepped out of was gone , replaced with a thicker , denser one .
the force of the blast blew debris everywhere and started a small forest fire .
when she was on a roll , she was as unstoppable as a wildfire in a forest of dead trees on a windy summer day .
the snap of another twig drifted through the forest .
gullivers creek joined asdlundt lake at the far southern extreme , yawning an oval five acres back into the forest .
in that time , the keeper ate not one loaf of bread , dr.ank not one flask of water , nor slept even one hour , and his appearance morphed from that of a man to an unholy creature that even the forests fiercest beasts avoided .
it used to be a forest service exhibit on the blue ridge parkway .
she knew that charleston had no forest like this .
they illuminated a repetitious chaotic space : hundreds of beds with frilly yellowed covers , a forest of crucifixes , endless heads of jesus , framed bleeding hearts , mottoes in reversed lettering , jesus is love !
there was a cluster of new prefab houses with a small forest of tv antennas , still holding lines of snow .
berries and fruits are all that you need to survive in the forest i could also teach you hindi , hari said .
without an occupant , the forest had reclaimed the path leading up to it .
a reddish glare , too , seemed to filter through the pale undergrowth beyond endless avenues of forest night .
it stands on a slight eminence in a forest .
it was that of a pretty young girl , whom i had often seen , the daughter of one of the rangers of the forest .
the countryside around them was a forest of twisted dead trees with massive trunks .
chariah made his way to the womblike cockpit in the center of his bestial spaceship , where hanging forests of umbilical cords writhed and curled as they dangled from the ceiling .
the overdragon breathed flames across the garden planet of elasvai , igniting forest fires that dotted the landscape with bright orange conflagrations , like the calderas of lit pipes or the tips of hemp - filled cigarettes .
every time its living branches were severed or destroyed , the forest of flesh , like a hydra , immediately regenerated longer , more powerful limbs in greater numbers .
blood spattered the forest floor far below .
chariah looked around and began to walk through the forest of flesh .
the griffins flew onward with an empty saddle as the tantradox flipped over in mid - air and plummeted to the ground , bouncing and tumbling off tree branches all the way to the swampy forest floor .
with feline grace he sprung into the air , his right hand held just above his head , his claws lacerating the sable forest gloom as he pounced .
the entire forest floor bubbled and churned like lava .
as he escaped , he noticed that the tantradox had retreated deeper into the forest of flesh , and the forest of flesh itself was fleeing the fire on burning legs , transforming and rearranging itself so that it could run along its own living trunks and branches to a safe haven .
a severed artery in the branch began spurting blood in bright red arches across the forest .
the pentagram of blood hemorrhaged profusely , in strong surges that soon superimposed their own crimson designs over the ancient sigil , runnelling down their thighs and legs and over their genitals , and raining upon the forest below .
his taloned feet dug themselves into the parched ground , now dry and full of fissures and cracks like the sides of a volcano , the swamp that had previously coated the forest floor having completely evaporated from the massive hellfire .
as the smoke of the forest fire billowed around him and sparks flew through the air while the trees burned , chariah inhaled again , this time to heal the massive , bleeding wounds in his skull , chest , and abdomen with the necrodelia surrounding him .
around them was the forest of flesh , its skin pink and irritated with various degrees of burns , oozing black pus into the water .
the forest of flesh attacked him as he did so , seeking vengeance for the fires he had unleashed upon them .
he still had no conceivable means of departure from the lake and its deceased anemone garden , and was too weak to battle the forest of flesh underwater , where his powers were severely diminished .
they grew in alcoves along the curving walls and dangled from the ceiling like stalactites , dripping their psychedelic syrup onto the small forest below .
meanwhile , the geryon baal'striga and the megafiend continued to careen through the forest of flesh , toppling living trees , breaking bones , and sending extremities shooting through the skies while the forest of flesh cried out with millions of anguished voices .
once the encirclement was complete , leaving the forest of flesh trapped inside the ring of raging conflagration , chariah flew the omnibeast in a succession of five straight lines within the circle of containment , while the overdragon continued to breathe fire on the forest below .
once the encirclement was complete , leaving the forest of flesh trapped inside the ring of raging conflagration , chariah flew the omnibeast in a succession of five straight lines within the circle of containment , while the overdragon continued to breathe fire on the forest below .
how many of their spirits roamed this forest of silence ?
despite its reputation for a mild disposition , a timber rattlesnake was startled at the sound of paulette 's back tire that scraped along the soil , kicking up dust while rapidly approaching .
smiles slowly spread from one to the next , life a fire jumping from one tree to another in a bone - dry forest .
finding a balance , while walking through the forest , was difficult for jason .
the youmove store was easy enough to find , even in the forest of signs .
guns were nice , but there were times you needed more automated equipment , set off by much the same kind of tripwire as would set off the forest traps .
to the east , all but lost behind the downtown high rises , the crammed and dirty tenements with their stainless - steel forests of tv aerials .
i had victor put me down , and i walked through a forest of hands and bodies , as i left the other tigers .
when the car is still there the next morning , two water authority guys ( who knows , perhaps lorrington was one of them ) and two forest service rangers start looking for her .
v the following night i lined the sunset with bundles of witchgrass , and the brilliant orange shining through the green turned the horizon into a forest fire .
there was a forest fire started by asshole john q 's camping in the woods .
i suppose it 's possible ; do n't they say that our ancestors invented cooking after eating what forest fires left behind ?
there was going to be a fuss , maybe a big one involv - ing the game wardens and the forest service , and it was all her fault .
these experienced guides , game wardens , and forest service men would have been stunned to know that trisha had gotten almost nine miles west of the area the searchers considered their highest priority .
in another few seconds it would be sprint - ing and then she might be sprinting as well , panicked all over again and running like a deer in front of a forest fire .
ten minutes after first hearing that faint rushing noise , she came to a short , steep drop - off where the bedrock emerged from the thin soil and needle carpeting of the forest floor in a series of gray stone knuckles .
the terrain up ahead was moderating , and the old forest seemed to be changing once again , the firs giving way to smaller , younger trees - your basic forest clenches and tangles , in other words , with plenty of underbrush clogging up any easy way through .
the maine state guides and forest services game wardens would have found this difficult to believe even without the false tip to distract them , but it was true .
the forest floor was littered with beechnuts .
she made her way carefully down the slope and into the valley , where her stream bowled along through a forest of mixed firs and deciduous trees .
i look toward the fence on the first - base side and see a remarkable sight : a forest of waving hands .
there was a forest of white strings hanging down .
i do n't want you to smoke around me anymore , he told her as they headed home from a party in lake forest .
the forest fire ?
and when it hit , it started a forest fire .
stan and richie tried to back away , but a forest of unseen tentacles now wavered and whispered about them .
` ` it 'll be all right , '' she said , and her face now had that slack , unplugged look - that look of perplexed vacuity - and before his mind was completely consumed in a forest fire of panic he understood that when this was over , she would have only the vaguest memories of what she had done , as she had only the vaguest memories of killing the children and the old people and the terminal patients and andrew pomeroy .
he could see her now , walking up a ditch filled with fallen autumn leaves , kicking through them with her boots , producing a noise like a steady low forest fire ... then the click of a bottle and she raised it up in triumph , waggled it at him from across the road , grinning like a kid .
a forest of tv antennas rose from the top of each one , standing against the sky like frightened hair .
he remembered that the great forest fire of 1951 had burned almost to its very yard before the wind had changed .
i followed him like a ship guided by a lighthouse , the ever - present heat of his fingers offering me a breadcrumb trail out of this screwed up fairytale forest .
` ` your daddy says that sooner or later the forest rangers will wonder why we 're not checking in on the cb radio .
hardly sets you off as being of top managerial timber , does it ? ''
he would show them that ... that he ... that he was of managerial timber !
he could have stuck with finding mother abagail and no one would have murmured a word of protest , even though it had to be obvious to every thinking man in the zone ( if there were any thinking men in the free zone besides himself - a debatable question ) that looking for her with fifteen men was an exercise in comic relief when you considered the thousands of square miles of empty forest and plain around boulder .
the handle narrowed only slightly into a dark , limber tendon coiled thrice around his shoulder - the whip 's central stalk was as thick as a timber rattlesnake .
the tree soared up , massive and apart : in a forest of tall trees it was a leviathan , a pure example of territories exuberance .
he saw dussault through a forest of legs and shoes .
lust like a forest fire that could have burned our lives down around our ears , but instead had saved us .
his power began to push my beast back like boiling water pushing a forest fire back .
i looked over his shoulder and saw more tentacles coming , dozens of them , a forest of them .
another rock wall c this one so old it had degenerated into isolated rock middens furred with moss c marked the property 's rear boundary about three miles into an unruly forest of firstand second - growth trees .
she touched it , running her finger along it and then blowing off black forest dirt .
she dug a channel along it about two inches deep with her fingers c the soil gave easily enough , as forest soil does ... at least until you hit the webwork of roots .
the spade , shovel , and crowbar lay at intervals along a fifteen - foot trench in the forest floor .
' if you ' ve really got a flare - gun , using it could start a hell of a forest fire .
' must be a forest fire .
they 're trying to get things together , but right now it looks like there 's a hell of a lot more going on in haven than a forest fire .
' a forest ranger from newport died , ' dawson said reluctantly .
we ' ve lost a forest ranger .
the derry report included the first jagged elements c the crash of the unity pumper , the death of a forest ranger who appeared to have been shotgunned by his own pacemaker .
by morning , the fire would become the greatest forest fire in maine history .
the forest fire which had begun in burning woods had crisped half of newport before fire - fighters could properly go to work ... but by then they were strung too thin to do much good , because the fire line was nearly six miles long .
a forest fire that was for some reason being allowed to rage utterly out of control as they had millions of years ago , when men were little more than a small tribe of hairless monkeys cowering in the twin cradles of the nile and the euphrates and the great fires themselves were touched off by spontaneous combustion , strokes of lightning , or meteor - falls instead of drunk hunters who did n't give a shit what they did with their cigarette butts .
his father had thrown that in his face after the old guy rented the flat - pack and never returned it , and now all hell was breaking loose in haven c the radio said it was a forest fire and then went on to hint that even weirder things might be happening there c and he was betting he 'd never see the flat - pack he had rented that morning to the reporter with the thick glasses , either .
all living things ran before a forest fire .
it made the smoke of the forest fire look like a couple of cigarette butts smoldering in an ashtray .
its leading edge c the one bobbi had stumbled over c sheared off the top of the tallest spruce in the forest and sent it tumbling and crashing to the ground .
below town , in the harbor itself , a forest of masts grew c not the thick , dull - colored masts of working boats , but the slim white ones of sailboats that would be drydocked after labor day .
mary , who had been to her share of rock shows , was able to place it in a clear context at once -- it called up images of bored , long - haired roadies strolling around the stage before the lights went down , picking their way with easy grace between the forests of amps and mikes , kneeling every now and then to patch two power - cords together .
it was n't ; his foot scraped up rich black forest earth instead .
except i ai n't crashed out in no forest , having slept my way through a hangover .
if only he could go back to that bunch of loony moony types in the new forest , but word had it they d been moved on by the local authorities for some reason or other .
he remembered the day he had wound up the new forest group .
he honestly and sincerely believed all that mr . swan had taught him over the summer months in the new forest .
if captured she steals all the pcs money and sweet magic stuff , gives him a magic pie and a kiss , and kicks him out of the forest .
the cast and crew watched through the glass wall as linda walked head down past the forest of exercise machines in the main room of the fitness center .
it was green , like the rest , forest green .
tall rain forest trees and ferns had replaced the bush and scrub of the lowland .
this is a forest planet right ?
it took me 20 minutes to drive to the store - it - rite storage lockers at 4940 forest drive .
every time he would open his wallet a lush green forest of newly minted bills filled the leather case .
i just wish we had a subscription to the lake forest register .
what do you need the lake forest register for exactly ?
it was a deserted amphitheatre with steeply banked bush leading to matted forest and a brutal cliff - face .
she snuggled down in the solid luxury of her surroundings , comforted by the flames in the open fireplace and the diamond patterned view through leaded windows across forest to the ocean .
he 's got a plot where he grows his own veggies , probably got somewhere in the forest to grow his own recreational produce .
` ` finally , you are ready to accept that you have a part to play in the heroic story that is unfolding around me , oh transcendent forest nymph !
but joe b. craned his neck , seeing no roadwork on the street clem should have taken , now quickly fading into the forest of skyscrapers .
as lardiner to king stephen ( 1135 ) , david had control over the nearby forest of galtres and supplied the royal larder therefrom .
the second freakiest veins could be found on some mens forearms or on their feet , but a penis when engorged could look like it was covered with a macram - knotted forest of thick , pulsing vine - like capillaries .
as mary hoped , it was the first dangerously hot day of the year , a combination of sweltering , desert like heat and rain forest level humidity .
and as lucid as that is , there lies within it a trace of decay indicating a season is turning , that leaves shall fade from their life - color of green and eventually crumble to dirt on the forest floor .
they would suffer a decline in mental prowess that knew comparison only with the chopping down of trees in a forest by eager timbermen .
but there were also promising newcomers in the form ofpaisley , north shields and coleford in the forest of dean .
you dare , you dare , and this whole forest will rise up against you .
i do nt know just how much money it is you re talking about , sir , but it would have to be a great deal before i d claim to be the brother of some lunatic running loose in the forest .
i guess living by yourself in the forest for thirty years taught him poaching and not a whole lot else .
he turned to mauvebeard , a triumphant grin splitting his beard like a fallen tree in a thick forest .
the silurids of europe and asia and the horned pouts of north america another name for wolffish merlot had become a catfish , languishing moribund upon the inky black silt in the depths of the stagnating forest lake ; at home amongst decaying leaves , insect larvae and weeds .
the sad news of the passing of the reverend colin wheatsheaf had , at first , filtered among the inhabitants before spreading like the proverbial forest fire , but the way in which the news had reached the vicars natural mother , edith moseley , had not only taken arnold matson so completely by surprise , it had the incredible double effect of restoring his lapsed faith and mending his grieving heart at the same time .
my forest green jumper had a bit of leather on it , on the elbows , so that would have to do .
the open top buttons of his shirt revealed gold chains nestled in a forest of tight , sandy - coloured curls .
welcome to shibboleth forest .
do nt come to me from lake forest with a condo as a graduation gift in your pocket , ok ?
seagulls wheel in the air over the forest of yacht masts ; their live - aboard owners letting their gourmet - roasted indonesian varietal coffee move gently to - and - fro in their stomachs when a passing tanker out in vancouver harbor sends a wake up the inlet .
that was followed by a huge influx in the 1870s of swabia germans ( editors note : germans from southwestern german , the swabians speak a dialect of german called swabish and came to british columbia in the 1880s to log the vast pine forests ) , including my grandmother , su chow ; my great - grandmother was the chinese personal cook to a stuttgart industrialist before she emigrated here .
these were nt nns per se , just guys , and a few girls , who did nt like authority figures all that much , like the noble employees of the irs , and forest service guys who told them they could nt go hunting whenever they wanted .
they had spent many hours at the outdoor gun range on the francis marion national forest , just north of charleston , and under gwens tutelage had become proficient in gun operation , safety , and psychology .
basketti spent his summer months working for the u.s . forest service combating wildfires , and therefore had access to surplus or discarded equipment sometimes .
the forest service used disposable mummy sleeping bags , stuffed with chicken feathers , in the summer for firefighters , and somehow the used goods man had managed to score a number of these much sought after goodies .
one was a game warden and the other a forest service officer , and they were obviously looking for me .
the game warden was definitely in charge , but the forest service guy carried a pistol also .
that 's when it became evident that game wardens and forest service guys were capable of more than 200 - yard noise .
every few minutes the forest service guy would glass up and down the trail .
while i was parking , a forest service plebe stopped and objected to blocking the gate .
at 10:30 a.m. , while i ratcheted the 6x6 bull up into a tree to finish cooling out , up drove the same game warden , accompanied by the paunchy forest service official .
motioning the forest service guy back into the pickup before getting in himself , he turned to address me .
my glance went to the gate and continued along its length to the forest service lock , tightly closed and secure under its very own little metal roof .
degree day , to 10 or 20f below zero the next , with a foot of new snow , can be slightly disconcerting when you 're living in a tent deep in the forest , miles and miles from anywhere .
flashing carnival lights stretched to the horizon , a kaleidoscopic forest fire .
it smelled like raw mushrooms and forest floor .
he and jinny had spent part of their day off at the outdoor gun range up in the francis marion national forest outside of town , operated by the forest service .
they had gone to the forest service range a dozen times .
a noise appeared ahead , and a forest service light green colored pickup truck came towards them .
she told them she could make their time spent in charleston during the winter months interesting , with fancy dinners , meeting interesting americans , walking their borzoi dogs on the beach , helping them with business matters , and taking them to the nearby outdoor gun range on forest service land , to shoot at targets with russian , american , and austrian handguns .
constantine sat up and said all the gun ranges in saint petersburg were indoors , and he really liked the range jinny had taken them to on us forest service property up in awendaw .
the russians went nuts , and demanded an immediate trip to the forest service target range up in awendaw .
my sole determination did not become about being accepted by a publishing house , fixing a shoddy relationship , mending bridges with my boss , or trying to find the forest among the trees .
once alerted to the presence of a predator ( or a forest fire , even if it is still far away ) , animals will feel fear until the danger has been realized or has passed .
the sun had long since absconded and the darkened skies were melting into the gloom of blackwater forest , so her eyes had little to entertain them .
she collected laughter and she had filled many , many bottles which she stored in the mushroom house , the one in the golden forest .
my father thinks that the weather is changing and that we will have winter here in the forest . ''
` ` people think that winter is coming to the golden forest .
` ` yes , old man winter is coming to the golden forest and there is nothing i can do about it . ''
he told me that golden forest is too happy and that is bad , so he will make it cold and people will be sad . ''
meanwhile , in another part of the forest , the camels of the negev were standing around in the waterless desert , griping about the heat .
or south from attleborough forest ?
i got bitten by a timber rattler and had to be helicoptered over to the county hospital because the doctor was out of antivenom .
modern werewolves have taken to building forest glades inside their homes .
not to mention my best friend used me to break up with his girlfriend , her brother punched me in the ear , and my cousin started a forest fire we spent the rest of the day fighting .
the big maples in our little forest had turned into golden splashes of sunshine against the dark evergreens .
she looked like pictures i 'd seen of norwegian forest cats , big , stocky , sedate felines by reputation , and i thought she might be a good antidote to george 's vociferous , quicksilver nature .
the forest of beautiful brown and white calves .
no , he s an assistant in the timber and gardening department .
all of sichuan was once bamboo forest and the preserve of pandas and other wildlife .
in these days , forests were in abundance , and so finding one was nt so rare .
many people i know do nt care for forests .
of course , it was into a forest of benevolent disposition that our protagonists wandered into .
these beings which once graced the skylines of many a forest are now dead to the world , and shall never be seen again .
brick believed he could handle half a forest straight in the mouth .
in fact , paddington suspected that richard had caught a completely innocent timber wolf .
jims a pure soul , a force for good , the wise man of the forest , you know ?
nature judged the hatchback by its cover as it was shunned by all life - bearing entities that resided in the forest .
this is pacific northwest temperate rain forests .
emma looked at the belt as they slowly came out , one by one , all beautiful , long haired norwegian forest cats .
animals scattered , but the air was consumed in their lungs and they died without a scream as the hot wave advanced cross - country like an invading army , a maddened horde whose sole aim was to reduce everything to a colourless sand , to lay waste forest and pasture and raze every construct of man , to scour the land with a cruelty that was savage in its momentum , to push before it he who was fool enough to question the ravening of the dead , those sublunaries to whom he was champion , an unwilling advocate , a soul compelled to wander , he who had failed them even as he failed them now , the heat at his back scorching , the many tongues of a molten lash .
anita , on the other hand , is like a raging forest fire .
her teammates had all yelled timber !
my trouble , timber , is that for me the more is beer .
wait a minute , timber .
every night the television reported on the forest fires that raged all over colorado and new mexico and the death toll mounted and in the city , people went out with masks over their faces if they suffered from asthma and ash covered the yard around the house and blew in on the window sills .
at eye level their view was often obscured , but lower down where the pine branches were brown and dead and where spring ferns were just unfurling , piebald patches of light from the low sun were scattered across the forest floor like diamonds thrown by a giant .
to the trees that sighed in the breeze and the forest birds that chirped their greetings he whispered his discovery that he was becoming a man .
sharon said that maine had the most forest of any state in the union .
nonetheless , the girl had the last laugh , albeit a quieter one , when she told samson something he could say to convince the king that her heart ( not so different from the heart of some forest animal ) , would be the better trophy .
they walked among a veritable forest of old trucks , with grass growing up between the rotted - out boards of flatbeds , even the all - metal bodies of pickups rusting and feeding the life of lichens and mushrooms .
high in a gum tree at the edge of the forest , a dozen sulphur - crested parrots started their own argument .
according to the title deeds , he also owned a large area of the forest , though its use was restricted by alfreds pact with the aborigines to leave it untouched .
you do nt think the government will want to take any of the forest do you ?
lost children in 1935 , a bushfire swept through part of the forest .
it was nt all that wide , but its riparian length from colorado to the gulf of mexico made it the largest cottonwood forest in the world .
she picks wildflowers and collects fallen cedar boughs for a make - believe pie , an offering to the forest animals .
light beating on her eyes and fracturing , moses thought her a vision among concrete and litter , some hapless forest deity here trapped by roadworks and centuries , at one with the scrawny daffodils that absorbed her attention , which kissed the joint of her wrist as she plucked them .
33 doctor mood peered out the high window at the forest green and dappled beneath , polished and sustained by water from the spent afternoons of once saturated clouds , their memories having overflowed .
the orange was nowhere visible , not to be seen , but on advice from the aviators i climbed to the roof proper , discovering there a forest of chimneys , skylight lakes , slate mountainsides .
the four houses that made up our isolated neighborhood were far apart , scattered in a forest of pines and douglas firs above a steep gully .
counselor started naming off a listteacher of young children , or older children , botanist , forest ranger , historian , physician , lawyer , manager of money , farmer , explorer , inventor , writer , artist .
even back from it as i was , the intensity was like a hot forest fire that burst into new flames here and there and calming it seemed an impossible task .
he scanned back along the timber the way he had come , but he saw no truck lights .
he was splashed with rust - colored mud and covered in musk thistles and devils trumpet like a hermit who had just returned to civilization after years of living in the timber .
he kept thinking he would see a report of a deer hunter finding human remains in the timber south of valkyrie , but there was nothing .
in the forest , a few struggling dark green pines stand out in stark contrast against the tall bare hardwood trees .
twenty yards further away a big five - prong buck leaps up , twists in the air , and falls limply to the forest floor .
it drops from the vine onto the forest floor and applies both claws to digging at the anthills .
she seemed to enjoy every minute of it , had not come home any summer after her sophomore year , had parleyed her forestry management program and internships with the u.s . park service into a job with the maine forest service in island view on maines east coast .
when gene pitched the catalog across the room , its pages flopped and fluttered like the colorful wings of a rain forest bird .
if i do nt become more proficient at farming , i suspect that this forest will soon surrender a fair portion of its native occupants .
yet he displayed no indication that i d be a threat to him as he held his broom out in front of himself as if the maintenance tool had a practical function in this forest .
flecks of forest dust hung like microscopic angels , grateful to inhabit the air that mara breathed .
ryan whooped first , then the whole forest erupted with applause .
the - banker , expressionless , now looking - out over the last of the blue and green - and - yellow patched crimson - brown and purple - yellow grey - jaded fields and forests ...
our lives will forever be like the trees of the forest , whose roots , are intertwined and impossible to separate from the other ; and , as with the trees which bare witness to the passing of time , i to , will bare witness to the extraordinary life with which you live .
the neighborhood smelled like a damp garden forest most of the time .
hands now , a forest of fingers trying to untie the not yet wholly dried leather thongs , trying and trying but failing to .
he remembers being met there by a forest of miasmal fingers looking for hairline rifts in his armor .
she looked up : straight strong spines of forest elders , ignoring her .
shifting trees and shifting lakes now beckoning her , now greeting her , now warning her , now lamenting her , depending on lake and the mood of the forest .
at first she did not want to wake up , did not want to surface ; wanted to remain , secure in the arms of caring water and forest .
tall , straight trunks reaching into the clear blue above , like hands , like leaved fingers reaching for the far beyond , a touch of cloud here and there , gaily avoiding high above capture , and as he walked on the soft groundpillowed by a moss of last years leaves , or from the year before thatfrom tree to tree , he touched each gray , shooting stem of forest elder and he felt at peace .
said mcewen again , still looking at andreas andreassen as if bygge had never spoken , as if the noise from bygges direction were some remote , irrelevant disturbance , wind in a forest .
that , to the thinking of many a tree , to many a forest of trees , was the true price paid that very long time ago at the pre - dawn of time by their ur - fathers , when they made their choices : immobility in the face of fire .
a beech forest .
there is something these gentle giants , these forest elders try to tell her , some whispering just beyond her ken : away .
no , not as vast as the now approaching hostby such comparison of hardly any size at allbut vast they were for all that : wings when spread in flight spanned a fair sized forest ( youngling ) or several fair sized forests ( elder ) ; feathers the bluest blue , the reddest red , the greenest green , and the finest of silver , feathers like plumed javelins and as deadly should it come to that .
for many days the tallest of the forest elders extended himself for miles and miles in an effort to sense her , find her , but nothing , nothing at all .
a congregation of forest elders , not necessarily approving of his arrival .
the inside of the car had grown forest as well .
if we reduce the bristlecone forest to ashes , we will have killed three birds with one stone .
if the world and all of its many people were a forest lake , then during the frenzy of storm the surface foams and agitates and crashes in heaving waves in upon itself , without rest , no oasis for the weary .
part vii fire : : 220 : : forest fires are worlds unto themselves .
in any given forest , there s plenty of that .
if the winds relative to an advancing fire line are weak , and the heat generated is particularly strong , a forest fire will soon scream its heat higher and higher and so create a ground - level vacuum to inhale enormous quantities of airand so , oxygento feed itself .
in australia , the prevalence of eucalyptus trees , which have oil in their leaves , results in forest fires noted for their extremely tall and intense flame front .
hence , the australian bush fires appear more as a fire - storm than a simple forest fire .
now , in his cell , he laid back on his mattress , watching an ant crawl from his fingertip , up the wrist , to disappear into the forest of hair that adorned his forearm .
bunnu could now feel the sweat pouring down in rivers and canals through the dense forest of hairs on his chest .
very much like the tree falling in the forest with no one to hear .
you could hear the audience well enough , a murmur , a rustle , a forest in the wind - picking up now that ruth was on stage - but it was hard to make out , except for the first few rows .
an awareness she felt hovering above the surface of a quiet and still forest lake .
the forests of giant billboards , one even puffing smoke to show you how delectable lucky strikes were ( odd choice of word that , i thought , delectable ) , at light - up time , as they put it .
not sensual , not in the least , but aesthetic , weaving across the stage like water rippled by the music , fingers , arms , waists , thighs , knees , feet , all part of the constant flow , the weaving ; and here came the first cobra , and the second , and the third , each sliding out of its cage and onto the stage and up to and now rising among the girls , swaying to the rhythm of this fine music and these fine legs , and soon there were eight snakes , each a beautysome older and some taller than the others , but each as fine a cobra as i had ever seenand six legs , each a beauty , forming a small forest of dance , behind which no further preparations took place , for the preparers had stopped to watch as well , the mock prisoner included , each swaying to this airy , leggy , snaky rhythm .
about a small forest lake , silver and black in the light summer night , a mist shifting across the surface and among the reeds along the shore , as if looking for something .
i felt like a calm forest lake , deep and cool , reflecting the world , or able to , but for now reflecting nothing , just water , clear and deep and still .
it is a slow , self - aware march to oblivion through a forest of platitudes and stage props .
chapter vii to : allie , bestest girlfriend from : janie aggrieved ( middle name : enraged ) , aka your favorite exchange student allie , man , i m truly sorry the only human being i truly hate has to be my mom ; spoke to velvet [ host mother ] yesterday we cried together , and she said all moms do stupid things ; but no matter how stupid it is , its still moms express desire and she has to respect it ; but she said she understands everything all too well , and she s with me , she s there for me ; she s really there for me forest [ host father ] sucks ass .
interleaved foam teased onto the sludgy surface of the drink in the pattern of an arched deep forest fern .
a layer of dirt coated the boy the same dun color as the forest floor , as evenly as a breaded fish fillet .
trilliums nurturing temperament made her a logical recruit in the campaign to provide care , with the added benefit of extracting her from exile in the forest .
hers picked up the green of sunlight filtered by forest , translucent hazel jewels that produced a catching in his breathing .
nobody ever fucking listens to me because i m the sweet little forest nymph .
5988 forest pine , suite 309 , vancouver .
lizzie nodded , looking around , unhappy at a dark forest of coats and legs pressing in on her .
plan c became the way to go : a huge mercury - vapor lamp borrowed from a local timber camp .
* * * i settled down on the mossy forest floor beside randal .
all sails had been furled leaving the spars and masts as bare as trees after a forest fire .
i sample a few of them , and come away with pamphlets and fliers about careers in forestry , forest fire prevention ( with some poor oaf dressed in a smokey the bear costume ) , invasive plant species , courses offered by the botany department , and preservation efforts in the brazilian rain forest .
i have become lord of the forest .
i was a replacement just before the hurt - gen . you mean the hrtgen forest ?
colling had begun to wonder whether the man knew where he was going when kwonowski suddenly pointed to two pines that seemed to be more widely spaced than the others in the forest on the left side of the road .
but then again , there was plenty of cover between the reeds and the undergrowth and the tall forest trees .
chapter three desire , fascination and the proposition there was an old man clad in rags , seated at the very edge of the forest , at the border where the plain of tranquility runs up hard against the dense forest of content .
he was a tired - looking creature with long , white wind - whipped hair seated upon the close - cropped grass of the forest floor .
these rivers served as borders and helped shape and contain the constantly changing nature of the forest .
the wall stretched to the north and to the south around the perimeter of the forest of content .
it was roughly twelve feet high , six feet thick and stood exactly five miles from the banks of the river , elin , which separated the forest of content from everything else .
chapter seven random cause part two of the four major rivers that separate the awesome forest of content from the dense jungle of the imagination , the elin was the largest .
the river ran from all the way in the north to all the way in the south and served as the western boundary of the approximate square that constitutes the bulk and body of the forest .
` ` well '' , he said hesitantly , ` ` it flows back down through the imagination until it reaches the forest of content and there , it is absorbed by the deluded ones during periods of deep sleep and becomes known to them as their dreams , their day dreams , as well as their night dreams , and often as not their nightmares . ''
i did nt remember her so much as i did her forest of brightly colored glass flowers that took up every spare inch of the house .
perhaps no other ever took in his view , i know not , but often i imagined it : seeing all at one time the islands beaches to the west , the moors to the east , the vast expanses of northern timber and the waving grasses of the meadows , and four rivers as well winding through the breadth of the panorama .
she dried her eyes on the sleeve of her jacket , and we listened to the forest sounds .
just as we failed to recognize the importance of forests for the stability of the troposphere before it was too late and we had chopped them all down for raw material for our human needs , so too we may destroy the last remaining wildlife only to later realize a value that we had ignorantly missed .
native forests do nt change much over fifteen years .
the forest floor was pitch black and uninviting , with a plethora of tree roots making for an uneven surface .
puffs of mist hovered above the bordering forest , a blanket of foliage above an inscrutable darkness .
the right woman talking about caulking a toilet bowl could set a forest fire , but i had one of those clear mo - ments when you know , in the end , they all wind up being like kerry .
she could just see where the back yard dipped down in the far right hand corner and the watagan forest came up to greet it .
bending down to pick up a stick to lean on while she climbed the steep hill , maggie noticed the abundance of life that graced the forest floor .
` ` probably just a pack of ravenous , meat - crazed timber wolves . ''
all rights vested in the forest and bird protection society .
and it appears that forest is mostly untouched .
butterscotch coloured pine needles covered the forest floor , and the only other living things amanda could see were the ferns and mosses that had claimed their own places in the woods .
she did not know the nerve shed touched inside him because of the number of times he thought about what it would mean to take those old trees out of the forest , destroy a forest that was really almost a monument to his fathers family .
it was just a small step to managing the forest and taking out lumber and firewood , and before long we saw that we could do much better if we milled the timber ourselves .
single trees never know what it means to be a forest , and understanding a forest means you have to know that every tree is bound to its roots .
without you to get people to listen , my book is slowly vanishing like a tree falls soundless in a forest .
the ahimsa were an intensely religious order who had been exiled to the red forest by one of the nobunaga warlords , due to their unorthodox beliefs .
thus , given the incredible limits of complexity and psychological diversity to which the human mind found itself capable of extending , it suddenly seemed to morell that the idea of employing , without tolerance for deviation , some human - devised scheme of moral rectitude was about as nourishing to the human spirit as concrete to a forest .
the man wore chainmail over his chest , but his arms were completely uncovered aside from the thick forests of black hair which adorned them .
take the example of the kusai ant , native to our forest .
a silence now fills this space , not unlike the one found after a tree falls in an empty forest .
four by eight wood columns stood as a square forest in front of me shingled with flattened beer cans .
when they finally reached timber line , bent nose loped away like a bear chasing ground squirrels .
fawns curled up in dappled forest .
as she explained it , at the higher elevations many of the alpine plants were dwarfed to avoid the brutal winds and survive in the nutrient - poor substrate that could nt possibly maintain regular forest plants .
i liked it better when we were kissing and discussing ian forest .
there he stood in the great outdoors , which he had yearned so long to go out , and rushed to the tall , green trees , and over him merry forest birds sang their light songs , which would have made him glad and lightened his heart had he not feared that the bear would want to bring him back to the cave .
it was soon joined by other calls in the forest .
i could sense a sudden release in pressure as my voice shattered whatever was separating me from the rest of the forest .
i knew i needed to find it in me to leave this forest , or at least separate myself from my body .
i was now aware of every movement , every sound , every thought inside the crowded forest of towering redwoods .
eturasi knew that was true but what about the cold and the frequent rain in what was the subantarctic rain forest .
i do nt think there d even be any point in calling the forest service .
together they prevailed over huwawa , demon of the cedar forest ; together they killed the bull of heaven .
soon lots of trees caught fire and it became a forest fire .
nariman point laps up bad news faster than a forest on fire .
is it rational to drain away the sap of kindred that makes the families of men rich and various as the forests are various with the glory of the cedar and the palm ?
where else is there a nation whose religion and law and moral life mingled and made one growth where else a people who enlarged their spiritual store at the very time when they were hated with a hatred as fierce as a forest fire ?
the highway i must cross is like a broad river in a desolate forest .
and always at the fringes , three - hundred - and - sixty degrees of horizon , was the paina forest fire banked at the moment but ever threatening to flare up and consume him .
and even when people use their brains about this , even when none of it makes sense any more , that old primitive arithmetic is hovering around in the air like the damp of a primeval forest ... .. so do nt blame me ... . well , its a shame ... drew said .
all heads turned towards a man whose long red hair and beard blazed like a forest fire .
on the best schools list of us news & world report , duke ranks 9th , wake forest 25th and unc - chapel hill 30th .
however , the half - hearted offensive was halted after france seized the warndt forest , 3 sq mi ( 7.8 km2 ) of heavily - mined german territory .
she smiled unconsciously as she glanced down the thin brown forest of diagonal columns that rose from the foamy surf to the walkway stretching over it .
it was like looking at a forest fire on the distant horizon .
she glanced up , searched for the yellow - orange light on the horizon , what she had thought earlier in the day to be a tremendous forest fire or some enormous natural disaster .
one can tear down the mountains of ones soul , one can pollute the marshlands , set fire to the forests and piss in the waters , but the elements that make up those mountains , marshlands , forests and waters are still , for the most part , there , are still cohered .
in seconds it appeared like a major forest fire seen from five miles away .
its all new wood in the kawartha forests .
when cloudshadow falls on the forest and water , remember tom .
you ca n't have 7 billion people buying parts of a brazilian rain forest to take care of the carbon they produce .
you just would nt believe there d be so much blinking art beneath a flipping forest !
an owl flew very close above our heads , the stroke of its wings brushing us with a breeze unusual in the stillness of the forest air .
i kept slipping over and banging my shins against the forest obstacles .
had his eyes always been that shade of forest green ?
however , while writing down the answer he mixed up everything and wrote stuffs like : emperor asoka used to dig up wells by the side of the highways so that passersby fall unawares into the pits .. he had provided employment to many forest animals to the government hospitals .. he had sent out lord buddha to ceylon by a boeing aircraft to propagate religion .
recently his uncle had advised him to procure some land near the timber forest and start a saw mill .
recently his uncle had advised him to procure some land near the timber forest and start a saw mill .
the adjacent forest was free from restrictions and they could hunt in the evening or collect firewood , herbs and ground potatoes .
he struck the bonny part of the tree and the continuous contact of the sharp edge of the axe with the trunk made a series of monotonous sharp sounds that echoed in the forest and snippets of timber started assailing the bare part of his body .
for years the morgan family name had controlled the timber interest in the betten hills .
lunker grinned , wheeled around , and headed into the sage and brush on the west side of the road into the tall timber and rough country ; his arms wide and a loud yell issued from him .
the duttons met the other two members of what they considered their gang outside of town and headed toward the high timber .
i work for the forest service , she adds .
over time they upset the harmony of the forest .
balance was restored to the forest , though it took a long while .
i warn you now that doing so will bind you here until you have restored harmony to the forest .
stags antlers pointed to where the forest floor rose before falling steeply .
and i thank you , keeper of the forest .
it was only when the forest litter crackled beneath him that the animal became aware of his closeness and sprinted away .
* * * for the rest of the morning iliff went with the woman as she gathered forest foods and dropped them into a large basket of woven grass .
there should be some guidelines while were in the forest .
though his skills as a forager continued to improve , it was also true that the foods of the forest had become more abundant .
it ravaged the trees and tore along the forest litter .
rain forest ?
driving along the trace past old farmsteads , the two saw deer grazing undisturbed at the edge of the timber and wild turkeys working their way across the gently rolling hillsides in search of their morning meal .
on the short ride through the timber , the pair crossed over two narrow creeks , climbed modest hills , descended into a couple of ravines , and followed a well - worn cattle path through a dense grove of pine trees .
tomorrow well take a walk down by the river and maybe wander through the timber a bit .
can we get the forest service planes up in the air ?
a young communications officer began to carry out his request while tashara phoned the forest service and mrs . grubb gave directions to the canine unit officer .
highway patrol and the u.s . forest service would provide additional resources .
clark assigned him to coordinate reporting from the forest service and the highway patrol .
back on forest .
> > darryl went back to groom timber , and tyana said to karim , ` ` we 're going to have to get him a familiar too .
> > word spread like fire in a forest and the herd gathered to watch .
the blood spreads across the forest floor then drifts over exposed roots and around rocks and leaves until not a speck of dirt remains .
i take the knocker in hand and sound three loud knocks that echo through the forest .
i favored knee - length dresses in navy or forest green , colors which hid the coffee and food stains i inevitably collected .
do you still have some of those green jackets with the forest service emblem on them ?
as long as the trails empty , they might as well have the forest fire unit send their pilot up to do some practice water drops in the upper clearings .
were always doing things for the forest service .
it was decided a long time ago , both the forest service and the sheriffs department were short staffed .
i would get the extra deputy as long as we did a few things for the forest service , jim was starting to get tired of explaining these issues , but told himself to be more patient .
but the forest service is federal , not county .
* * * * chapter 4 security forest service trail 74 the noon sun broke through the canopy of the trees , flooding the clearing with sunshine .
after months of this nomadic lifestyle , the forest service finally needed pilots .
forest fires in the northwest were consuming valuable timber , and the forest service was nt very picky about who they hired .
forest fires in the northwest were consuming valuable timber , and the forest service was nt very picky about who they hired .
first of all this is nt an established forest services camp site .
the forest service did nt have much money for pilots , but that was all right with him .
the terrain was steep here , and although he was surrounded by tall trees , the ones below him were low enough to look straight outward and see the forest service plane flying past and up the valley .
the forest service paid me to keep the trails repaired and the trash picked up .
he was a teenage boy wearing jeans , tennis shoes , and a green forest service jacket .
a forest service worker did nt exactly fit the profile of the area , and an alarm went off in alans brain .
then these hordes of people will comb the forest looking for cooper , and you can claim that they destroyed any evidence that may have led you to him .
well , there are a few private helicopters with pontoons and then there s the forest service .
he s a pilot for the washington state forest service .
its some information on one richard schaffer , pilot for the forest service .
this guy is supposed to be fighting forest fires , but it appears that he may be doing a little moonlighting on the side .
just then , billy heard the familiar drone of a forest services engine purring overhead .
rick had already proven himself to be a productive member of the community by fighting forest fires , so jim thought that the past was nobodys business but ricks .
an asian freighter carries the opium across the ocean and rendezvous with a forest service float plane just outside us waters .
of course , nobody sees this happen because the forest service has closed the trail claiming that there are too many bears in the area for it to be safe for hikers .
then a forest service employee , who talks too much and is drunk half the time , picks up the opium and packs it down on the backs of mules disguised as trail garbage .
i blushed the color of a raging forest fire .
for a quarter mile , on both sides of the roadway , a forest of arrow - straight pine trees reached toward the sky and aged live oaks spread their branches , forming a canopy for the palmetto growing beneath .
there were enough plants to populate a small rain forest .
she smiled politely , but her eyes were those of a cornered timber wolf protecting her young .
she could hear footsteps crunching on the forest floor , and then isaac sat down on the log next to her .
we visited about her teaching job with fifth graders in a small school district in southern new mexico , her husband joes job with the forest service , and life in general .
and i was concentrating on getting into uncs graduate teaching program up in greeley , and joe was starting with the forest service , and then we took that backpacking trip all summer in canada her voice trailed off .
sure as she was breathing , that man and his cohorts were up to no good in her forest , and she would expose him to be the con artist she knew him to be .
not like there was a surplus of blondes running around ladd forest .
soft pillows of leaves blanketed the forest floor to either side of the trail , punctuated by black logs rotted by years of decay .
the forest clutter below appeared passable .
the same fate that befell most downed trees in the forest .
detouring off trail , he trekked through brush , over the forest floor matted with dead leaves , the occasional rock .
squatting , she peered down at the forest basin .
rugged , strong , he was a natural in the forest .
a retired forest service hydrologist and supposedly confirmed bachelor , rolf andervald had written a popular column called outta doors .
the fish , wildlife , and parks officers shared a building with the bigger and better outfitted u.s . forest service , and it might be awhile before she or one of the wardens returned from the bowels of the building .
they sat together on the porch steps , the distant smell of smoke from the latest forest fire mixed with the fresh scent of cut lumber .
in front of the photo on the mantel lay a tarnished key chain with a metal coin insignia of the idaho forest service .
he remembered driving up there in high school after football games to keg parties set up on forest service land .
they had overheard tylers dad , their flight instructor , in the office talking to a forest service pilot about how the wind had picked up .
the forest service pilot asked about the solo flight .
hell , i ve seen forest service pilots land on frontage roads and taxi into a regular gas station .
on your way to put out a forest fire , smokey ?
` ` anyway , along with roy , you can also have , say , turquoise or peach and blues from royal to cerulean , spring greens , forest greens .
i might as well help the forest in the process .
there are plenty of other trees in the forest .
the both of you live in secluded little parts of the forest , but he clearly has no idea how to keep a garden or a house . '
' you burnt down a woman 's house and could have started a forest fire . '
a forest green banner with recycle berkeley in bold white san serif type hangs from the tall stacks of bales behind the stage .
the sutton forest was far quieter than purgatory chasm this time of year , in no small part because hunting season had begun a few weeks earlier .
forest green jacket , blue jeans , he could have looked like a shadowy movement .
that sign commemorates how the dudley family donated numerous acres of land to the sutton forest .
you do have to share your forest , you know , he teased .
it was only a few minutes later when a heavy - set man in a forest green collared shirt ambled into the room .
he went with me on scouting visits to the sutton forest and lake singletary , he hunted through brush for likely sites of murders , and he photographed hundreds of turkey - tail mushroom , nuthatches , aspen trees , and other local delights .
for example , here is the hickory nut found on november 1st , 2012 , in sutton forest .
jasons years in the forest ranger service had made him well aware of the issues with poison ivy , poison sumac , and disease - bearing ticks .
it raged inside me , consuming me like a forest fire .
the previous one had required him to win the confidence of a raki - drinking turk , about to conclude an important timber deal with sweden .
the farm lands produce wheat , corn , oats , rye , and cotton for harvest , cattle , sheep , horses , chickens , and hogs for good eats , a green forest of timber for an active sawmill .
tucker slowly uprights exposing his semi - beige colored little curved penis inside a forest of blonde hair beside his two hairy round balls representing his manhood .
he has good and plenty angel blonde curly pubic hair hovering her finger over his forest then gently rubs a couple of his hair strands .
a fire is most common in the middle of a woodland dry and brown forest , without proper water facilities .
the forest service hires her to do bark beetle counts every year to keep track of the infestation level in the basins forests .
the forest service hires her to do bark beetle counts every year to keep track of the infestation level in the basins forests .
nor is it lightening or forest fires or the bears that frequent the trails in the woods where she rides her bicycle .
www.martydonnellan.com other books by marty donnellan mountain city murder , a hannah scrabble cozy mystery henbit and her sisters ( book one of the forest of the frendibles series ) tegera ( book two of the forest of the frendibles series ) henbit and the roly poly henbit and maypop teach someone to roller skate even yourself !
www.martydonnellan.com other books by marty donnellan mountain city murder , a hannah scrabble cozy mystery henbit and her sisters ( book one of the forest of the frendibles series ) tegera ( book two of the forest of the frendibles series ) henbit and the roly poly henbit and maypop teach someone to roller skate even yourself !
like a magical forest ?
she had a grin on her face , too , like a timber wolf closing in on a bunny rabbit .
more white birch in the forest mix , and a lot less of silent , dark pine .
campfires start forest fires .
we dodged swamp and dense underbrush , then made good progress through a beech and maple forest .
after a forest fire has taken the big trees , birches spring up among the ashes , and ten years later there ll be squirrels in the autumn sunlight , playing among the old burned stumps and the falling yellow leaves .
we 'd been trained to draw our sabers at the last instant before our lines merged and met -- the sound of ringing steel and the sight of a glittering forest of sabers were meant to strike fear into the enemy .
1241 timber road .
maybe that night after forest avenue , maybe the bartender at the hotel , where else had he lost track of it , he could n't remember .
at 2:45 on a clear thursday afternoon , john kelly parked in front of the harmon funeral home on forest avenue on staten island 's north shore .
the effect was of antiquing with blended shades of dark grey , dark forest green and midnight blue .
on top of all that , according to mavis , shed recently started working as a designer at the old marshall fields in lake forest .
of course it wassad to saymacys now , but at least the lake forest store was the only macys in chicagoland without an ugly red awning .
it might be a stray , or some forest service warden with his mutt . ''
a small forest service sign indicated that it was eight miles to the road at roaring fork and fifteen miles to stanley along elk valley , the way they were headed .
they had already camped there for three weeks and established good relations with the forest service warden who had dropped in for coffee frequently .
` ` oh , jim bayles , the forest service warden , visited us on monday , and we saw a couple of guys from boise , i do n't know their names , on saturday .
it was irrevocably linked to the act , and whenever he returned he would be on edge , suspecting the casual conversations with forest wardens and feeling twinges of fear whenever he encountered the local police .
dick rogers , the forest warden at south fork , saw him pass .
over the far eastern forests it stood .
moreover , it exited very close to the forest service headquarters near lowman and , because of its numerous meadows , was popular with bear hunters , especially in the lower reaches .
i m not so sure how much the ituri forest has changed , though .
the fall had slightly disorientated him and , where before he had thought that he had been following something like a forest trail , he now came up against what seemed like an almost impenetrable barricade of sharp , prickly undergrowth and stunted , spiky trees .
the original man of the forest , are nt you , rupinder joked , its not surprising you did nt find your puma .
although it is widely believed that big cats do not like water , the wild puma is adapted to a wide range of different environments , many living in rain forest and swamp conditions , some even making up the largest part of their diet with fish .
not the long snout , short , stumpy forelegs and unmistakable transverse stripes across the rump of the thylacine that he encountered on every forest walk into imagination that he had ever taken , but this time the tan - coloured flank and long , slender limbs of the puma that he had stalked for so long .
a strange feeling engulfed me like smoke on a dry forest .
to tend to the massive forest vanderbilt took on a college friend named gifford pinchot , a young man who would go on to become the first head of the u.s . forest service .
the forest service has great ambitions for this area .
perfect for flowers , archie thought , noticing the number of bouquets spread about the room : bunches of roses , golden pillars of daffodils , forests of white irises .
after his death , vanderbilts widow , edith , negotiated the sale of 80,000 acres of forest surrounding biltmore to the federal government .
but maybe there was an agreement between the national forest and the local law regarding such matters , since the park might not be equipped to handle a report of something like a body .
washington , dc funding had been cut deeply across the country on so many fronts , including monies for national forests and parks .
lewis and clark national forest would be no exception , with likely deep cuts leading to downsizing of maintenance , vehicles , equipment , people , and services .
a ranger in forest green uniform stood behind a counter .
is someone named pine simply destined to be a forest ranger ?
well , there are several national forests that adjoin the lewis and clark , such as the flathead and lolo to the west .
tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands , of acres per national forest ranger .
i run the entire southern end of the national forest .
it would seem to me a guy who goes missing would warrant a search and a request for help from the national forest personnel .
the sight of a symbol of government authority , like a forest ranger uniform , might set off warning bells to run away .
if there was an emergency in the national forest , would a 9 - 1 - 1 operator transfer that call to your phone ?
it was definitely a devastating loss for the national forest .
debates about the need to increase funding for fire prevention and control in the national forest and even to have a permanent , rather than an all volunteer , fire squad in willow run ran for a few days .
fencing around the valley is being installed to remind visitors to the national forest that the area is regrettably restricted until further notice .
tourism is down , people just are nt traveling , even to affordable national forests .
it was far more than any national forest budget could manage .
i did nt know if hunting was permitted in the national forest and what game would be in season .
no one builds a fence like that to hide a forest fire or even a battlefield .
bozeman is over 100 miles from willow fork , and this posting on the internet was long before the fire in the forest and the fence construction .
about that big fire last year in the forest .
they moved in when pine got the forest ranger position several years ago .
ranger pine had mentioned staffing problems in the lewis and clark national forest .
not in a national forest .
get the ranger to be compliant with their needs in the national forest .
transferring the call to willow run was a way to get the responsibility off the national forest .
what he found has to do with some serious illegal activities in the national forest .
he would probably return to his life of privacy in the forest , still trying to come home from a war that everyone wanted to forget .
the minivan always smelled faintly of dust , mothballs , and body odor , despite a forest of smell - good christmas trees that charlie had hung from every hook , knob , and protrusion .
` ` one tree is n't more important than the entire forest , joe .
` ` yeah , but every forest is always destroyed one tree at a time .
he says , yes , he 's going to wake forest .
she waited in a lobby of beige - a sea of beige walls really , countered by a dull forest green carpet , a room enmeshed in the blandest of bland colors , hues so plain they screamed that the hotel was competent and fine , but expect absolutely no frills .
the second box was labeled ` ` timber contracts . ''
most of it was in timber but there was some farmland my grandfather had cleared .
the corridor was done up in forest green and pink , the walls lined with the familiar - rockwell prints , dogs playing poker , black - and - whites from old movies like casablanca and strangers on a train .
through her forest of hair , our eyes met and i swear that chloe understood what i was feeling .
her first three hundred yards on bjurman 's badly maintained forest track was a regular roller coaster , and she felt like a living gyro .
gottfried vanger had participated in a negotiation in karlstad , where the vanger corporation had bought a timber company .
they walked up what felt like a stoop and entered a room with heat and humidity slightly more stifling than a burmese forest fire .
brigands and thieves roamed the forests .
others dealt with the rain forest , forestry , horticulture , and medicinal herbs .
the ground turned to stone and forest was replaced with granite outcroppings that rose all around him in myriad misshapen shadows .
she stuffed her hands in her coat pockets and watched her breath puff into the chilly forest air .
chapter 11 a dragon 's maw of heat and flame raged down the hillside , winding across the forest in search of sustenance .
the fires of today lead to the forests of tomorrow .
millions of tiny seeds poured onto the cleared forest floor and within a month , tiny green sprouts began to appear through the blackened soil .
reaching up to tuck my hair behind my ears so he could see my face properly , he stilled as shadows fell across his eyes , changing them from brilliant emerald to a dark forest green .
it was a forest of self - esteem issues waiting to happen , and i was smack - dab in the middle of it .
my throat was on fire , talking made it feel like i was speaking through a forest of razor blades .
it sucked my soul , amping my fear to a full forest fire .
city , forest , urban , or country .
pretending to fight stimulated my lust to a forest fire .
the dark green material slithered off , landing in a puddle like a melted forest .
lila 's voice echoes through the forest .
the forest roared with the sound of raindrops hitting the leaves .
there was a forest of television and press cameras lined up on tripods behind home plate .
i watched the rest of the group as they scattered like animals in a forest fire .
` ` it 's nowhere near as exciting as parachuting into forest fires , '' i said , liking the way cole 's arm felt against mine .
it 's saturday night and we ' ve been fighting a forest fire for close to a week .
the footage i 'd seen on tv of forest fires did n't do justice to what being on the ground , face to face with it , felt like .
with a forest fire practically licking at my neck hairs .
smokejumpers might fight forest fires , but they sure as heck did n't stand dead in their path when that fire was mere yards away .
he ran like a forest fire was , indeed , nipping at our heels .
from everything i 'd experienced with him at ground level with a forest fire , he was an invaluable asset .
` ` are you saying ... '' ` ` that i masterminded an unauthorized flight and drop into the middle of a forest fire ? ''
as i sat down next to bryan , i did my best to put on my bulletproof even though i could tell his arms were even stronger and more toned , and that his forest green eyes could still reel me in with one look .
the gold flecks in his forest green eyes shimmered with playfulness .
i ' m home in park forest , illinois , working in the pizza shop on blackhawk way .
he leased me a deep , forest green cherokee .
it reminded me of a forest fire after it had incinerated everything in its path .
a twig snapped below , wrenching my attention back to the forest floor .
` ` we ' ve scoured the whole f**king forest .
before chain could lash out , scorch spun around landing a blow to his face , sending him hurtling across the forest .
this is their forest .
she smiled at seeing the cute forest animal .
she dried off with a huge , plush , forest green towel .
her body was igniting like tinder on a raging forest fire .
she slipped quietly out of the bed and got dressed in a pair of denim shorts and a forest green short - sleeved shirt .
the confession sizzled through her body like merciless flames ravaging a dry forest .
a delicate forest nymph was on her back , writhing in pleasure , a horny satyr fucking her .
the snap and shuffle of the forest floor behind us made it clear there were not just trained men after us .
his brother wore a shirt a shade lighter than his own forest green .
the forest floor rose at an incline , and they scrambled the last few steps , not only over the mat of debris , but up the side of a short hill .
his clothing had mud staining it , bits of forest clinging to the hem of his tunic .
hearing the crunch of forest leaves , she turned to look at the person who had intruded on her space .
the sound of their feet trampling on soft forest mesh was amplified by xins were - hearing .
the mournful sound travelled miles across the forest .
the forest floor was covered in a soft bed of needles .
after a few seconds of scraping , irealizewhat he has is nt a trail , its a whole forest !
i m staring at a flameless forest fire in the middle of a raging thunderstorm .
he kneels at the end of the bed , crawling up it slowly flaming the forest fire consuming me .
being so close to him and touching his sculpted muscles ignites a blaze of desire within me that spreads like a wild forest fire throughout my entire being which could never be extinguished .
the tables themselves were covered in forest green cloth that went well with the dark carpet .
long , blue shadows , like fingers , reached out from the forest , clawing their way across drifted snow .
her gasp echoed through the still forest as she froze , too terrified to turn and see what manner of man or beast was behind her .
the small businesses will go bankrupt almost immediately , and all the animals in the forest will have to find another place to go .
a forest of top hats appeared at the door as men in evening dress trooped down the steps , sweating heavily , a few even removing their coats .
her thong was a humid rain forest .
the thrill of this long - awaited connection between them built enough heat and moisture to be worthy of the most humid rain forest .
the trim was forest green .
there s an out clause in my coverage excluding forest fires .
thunder boomed as darkness shrouded the forest , settling between towering redwoods and ponderosa pines .
got roasted in that last round of forest fires .
you ca nt miss it , but if you go too far you ll see the signs that say you re in the national forest , just turn around and come back a ways .
reagan smelled his fresh forest scent even before she turned her face up to look at him .
she detected his scent as he approached ; he smelled of the forest after a rain coupled with just a touch of medical disinfectant .
the unmistakable cry of a hunting wolf sounded out over the forest .
so all forests .
the two of you have enough sparks flying between you to start not only a fire , but a whole goddamn freaking forest fire , kaitlyn laughed .
the challenges we faced were more than the leaves in the forest .
ellory rose and padded across the soft moss forest floor to climb up an outcropping of boulders .
the migraine , which started above her eye , now spread through her head faster than a forest fire during dry season .
the forest floor was carpeted in luxurious , thick green moss , the trees too tall , and the sky perfectly blue spotted with puffy white clouds .
i screamed , the word cutting through the peaceful forest like a hot knife through butter as the horror of the situation set in .
the check from the sale of timber on his land could pay the rent for two years .
not just green , but variegated with mostly emerald slashes and spots of lime , surrounded by a thin dark ring of forest pine .
absence of forest sounds was n't a good sign .
` ` i just hope it does n't start a forest fire !
still , my personal favorite is the forest buffalo , karen said .
* * * the forest floor rose higher with every step .
at first , she thought it was a forest fire , but the closer they flew the more she realized that it was coming out of the center of a cone - shaped mountain .
they are cutting into rare virgin forest .
for the forest , we need a pygmy .
the pygmies are animals because they live in the forest .
even though they had been the original native peoples of the forest , they had not put up a fight when , centuries ago , the bantu speaking people moved down from the north .
the lumber in these forests has already been sold .
right now , in some corner of this forest trees are going down .
we have forests .
softwood forests that grow quickly .
to them the forest was god .
the month in the forest had been hard on her .
there were no forest trees to soften the sting and large drops slapped the hard - packed earth .
did you know that in a single - mile patch of this rain forest there are 150 different butterfly species ?
but you have forests .
the rest of the truck was a faded forest green .
her body- lithe , graceful , sensual- moved over the rough forest floor with ease and i felt hypnotized by the sway of her curvy hips .
at the sound of my name i looked up at destiny , anger burning through me like a forest fire .
i thought surely the guards would know their forests better than me .
they d become a popular destination since the forest service built a soaking tub , and often , particularly on weekends , the tub filled with guys who did nt bring swimsuits but did bring an ample supply of six - packs .
then she began walking toward the marina and its forest of masts and antennas , unmoving against the darkening vault of the sky .
she had seen him born from the sow elricana and survive his siblings to be lord of the forest .
the squeal of anger and pain rent the forest as the elven arrow found its mark .
the forest fell silent but for the terrible sounds , the tortured flesh transformed and transfigured as it rippled , tore and bled .
this was no arrow wound and hers was a forest magic , not one of battle .
the last of the primal stones of power was found in a silver pool by an elf , one worthy of the forest , a child of the trees and a child of the old ways .
now , the island lay barren , the trees leaflessnaught but a forest of skeletal silhouettes starkly etched by the setting sun .
in thy forest , he soothed .
the house , constructed with cream colored brick and trimmed in forest green , was a victorian gothic - style structure .
thunder rumbled through the trees , shook the forest floor .
the house , constructed with cream - colored brick and trimmed in forest green , was a victorian gothic - style structure .
savannah shuffled across the soft bed of pine needles that carpeted the forest floor .
the lack of direct sunlight had kept the surrounding area much like a forest floor , with only a short growth of moss like ground cover .
i desperately wanted to , as red - hot flames of arousal burned through me like a raging forest fire .
again the forest went silent .
` ` fruit of the forest flavour .
together they climbed the stairs to the loft above the studio and dug around looking for the camping equipment jack had collected during his years with the forest service .
were you really a forest ranger , jack ?
it was located on forest service land , and no one knew who had built the tiny structure with its steeple roof , stained glass window , and just enough room to fit one church pew .
her lashes were damp from tears , but her eyes twinkled like the stars on a forest pond .
garrett turned to her , stared into her forest green eyes and got lost for just a second .
the forest floor was covered with blood and fallen debris .
he heard her voice echoing in the scenic forest .
i ve heard of relocation programs for other protected species there was a possibility of relocating the woodpeckers to the francis marion national forest , but the process could nt happen overnight .
darcy looked around ; sure enough there was a veritable forest of warning signs set in the snowy ground all around the perimeter .
when zance , a timber wolf shifter , and dontoya , a black cougar shifter , find sherilyn dying due to a reckless driver , there is only one way to bring her back to life .
` ` ruined a lot of good forests making their muddy driveways , too . ''
i tried to focus on the marvelous screen of the car but , inevitably , i could smell his perfume , reminding me of deep forest scents .
as his hands move up my arms , brush across my collarbone and cup my face , a forest fire ignites , spreading throughout my being , a feeling that only he unearths in me .
thankfully his voice is filled with understanding without a hint of anger , but still i ca nt help but shudder as the images of the dark shadows grabbing for mom flash before me and a new image of dad lying on the ground dying in her arms rips through my mind like a flash fire consuming a forest .
and in the midst of all this fragrant greenery was a man that himself resembled a sprite of the forest , with his thick , flowing cinnamon hair , round cocoa eyes and flawless features ; if , that is , forest sprites ever made it a habit of wearing skintight blue jeans and a partially buttoned shirt .
for several long minutes , sherelle only heard the euphony of forest melodies and fluttered wings overhead .
from the flat grassland on the lower boundary of their land to the thick timber to the ragged mountain summit , cass knew this was home .
dad was sick early last spring , back and forth to the clinic in big timber .
she wore a long raw silk skirt and shirt in dark forest green , and soft ivory leather boots .
in the open patches of ground , sunlight made the snow - covered forest floor sparkle .
most days the madness of it all weighs on me so heavily i contemplate scouring the forest for berries my father warned me against and filling my belly with them .
the same way she helped your sister , leaving her dead in the middle of a forest ?
they reached lake forest around noon and found a charming cafe for lunch .
chapter 24 ` ` as i feared , '' damien said , ` ` we ' ve lost the andover and forest river packs .
it was somewhere beyond that , the difference between a lit match and a blazing forest fire , and he knew it .
it slowly opened its immense jaws and dropped the sheep , which landed with a thump on the forest floor .
hassan fell face - first into a brambly bush and then slowly rolled over onto the forest floor .
when chet had kissed her , she 'd felt as if she were standing in the middle of a forest fire .
while dr . sommers was checking and poking , they talked about the recent spate of hot weather , a story on the news concerning forest fires in wyoming , and the fact that the doctor still wanted to drive out to boone creek to eat at herbs , a place that more than one of his patients had raved about .
not a whole forest , necessarily .
his hand on her lower back guided her through the forest of floor length tablecloths to the table with the best view of all , on a tiny balcony jutting out toward the bay .
once she 'd changed into her bedtime flannel pants and t - shirt , she nagged herself into doing fifteen minutes of pilates ( okay , ten ) , then fifteen of yoga , before burrowing under the fabulous duvet with her small forest of down pillows .
what susannah had learned from their brief telephone conversation was that patricia was a retired nurse and her husband still worked as a u.s . forest ranger .
she tossed it on the ground and stomped it out as if she were smoky the bear wiping out the first forest fire of the season .
suddenly i realized that the forest had gone still .
the average wisconsin timber wolf runs about 80 pounds .
since it was june and not yet high tide for forest fires , i did n't panic , but i did gimp along faster .
we ca n't just go around shooting every wolf in the forest . ''
` ` forget about anything but ridding your forest of the wolves .
calisthenics in the forest .
she gestured at the wet , sludgy forest .
colin 's bathroom was positively sybaritic , the tub huge and surrounded by a forest of deep green tiles , a few scattered ones textured with what looked like the imprint of pinecones .
after he started working in the forests , he 'd removed it and worn it only on special occasions .
only in recent years , with much of the forest land closed to lumbering , had dan taken a job with a local tree service .
you might as well beg a flood or a forest fire to cease its destruction . ''
fear spread out like a forest fire over her face .
it is almost primeval , this forest .
according to a googled statistic , the olympic national forest is roughly the size of massachusetts .
as i near the start of the olympic national forest , the view changes .
the swish of the terry cloth down my legs , the slight thunk as it hit the floor , were taint , yet his head went up like a deer sensing danger in the forest his eyes widened , and he dropped the t - shirt in his hand back into the drawer .
i 'll need the dosage of the darts based on the size of a large male timber wolf .
` ` too big , too black , too timber wolfy . ''
` ` you rule all dark forests ; you command de moon .
something cracked and fell inside the smouldering crater , the sound echoing through the forest .
i imagined an empty town , a very full forest .
the garish beam lit not only the sheriff 's body but half the forest .
her eyes were deep , forest green with the triumphant gleam of a woman who was about to get what she so desperately wanted .
angela inhaled the various forest scents and tried to steady her breathing .
tell me about your excitin ' life in that heathen yankee rain forest . ''
she did n't remember trekking through the aspen forest or forging a cold stream that went as high as her thighs at one point .
they pattered like raindrops as they joined a thousand predecessors on the mulchy forest oor .
she would sit beside arriane with a basket of forest wildflowers in her lap .
` ` we 're going to look for the sixth hare in the veiled forest . ''
i even went to that faith healer in the rain forest .
i expected balthazar to scoff , to remind me that timber wolves had been hunted to extinction ages ago and the reintroduction of red wolves had been a failure .
there was no energy left in her body ; she did not even care about the pine needles jabbing into her skin as she fell to the forest floor .
the rain misted through the pine needles , and the water that clung to the firs gathered weight and fell in fat drops down , down to the already damp forest floor .
she heard the sound of an owl screeching before it swept down to the forest floor , and she heard the squeal of the mouse as talons punctured its body .
even huge dogs have smaller heads than timber wolves , one of the differences between canis familiaris and canis lupus .
the last wolf hit the ground and silence returned to the forest .
forest green wallpaper covered the top half of the wall , melting into a boldly carved mahogany wainscoting .
surely nothing in this waterlogged forest .
and from hyde 's classroom , things did seem connected : the trees seemed to clothe the hill , and just as i would never think to notice a particular cotton thread in the magnificently tight orange tank top alaska wore that day , i could n't see the trees for the forest - everything so intricately woven together that it made no sense to think of one tree as independent from that hill .
' i ' m not by myself , ' julie says , and gestures at the forest of zombies swaying around her .
she 'd finally convinced the owner that her forest service job made her more qualified than most men to spend a few days alone in an isolated cabin .
` ` i work for the forest service . ''
she 'd probably earned a degree before landing her forest service job .
but then , she 'd know that , being a forest service employee .
steve had sworn he would never allow her to use him again , yet his arguments burned away like dry timber in a forest fire .
under that scent lay something more subtle , the musty aroma of all the dry needles carpeting the forest floor .
` ` did you know there 's a native custom in the brazilian rain forest where the women rub- '' ` ` unless you want me to go alone . ''
her hand was soft , but her fingers felt strong and capable- capable of turning him on if she decided to adopt that native rubbing technique practiced by the women in the brazilian rain forest .
it was a small logging community , carved by early , idealistic pioneers from the great quinault rain forest .
finally , she reached the turnoff to the gravel road that meandered through fifteen acres of old - growth timber .
spring chased away the last vestiges of winter , threw its bright colors across the rain forest .
in the last week of may , summer threw its multicolored net across the rain forest .
there , nature would have reclaimed its rain forest .
her body mottled black with bruises , her face unrecognizable , she looked like something strange and primal , an exotic creature of the forest pool .
the sound of it seemed inside his blood , like the beat of the bodhrana inside the night , like the beat of his heart in the forest .
the five of them - and raymond - had driven as far as they could ; the road that led down the outer banks was a poor one , which tended to wash away in storms , and they were obliged to leave the car several miles away from the spot , struggling through the scrub pines of the coastal forest and patches of unexpected quicksand .
she said , pointing upward at a set of mounted stag 's antlers , poking their tines inquisitively through an absolute forest of bagpipe drones .
river run took in quite a large territory , including not only its prime riverfront acreage but a substantial chunk of the longleaf pine forest that covered a third of the colony .
i 'd seen infections caused by forcibly interrupted ticks , and they were n't anything i wanted to deal with in the middle of a forest .
fleeing panicked through a forest of white aspen that stood in snow , the trees ' red sap glowing like bloody jewels on white - paper trunks .
the shrieks of gulls and terns were gone , replaced by the muted chatter of a jay , and the soft liquid song of a whippoorwill , far back in the forest .
looking back , she could no longer see any trace of the small settlement ; houses and fields were gone , as though the mountain had silently drawn her forests together , swallowing them up .
i could n't stand the thought of stewing in a forest , not knowing what was happening .
we had land in plenty - most of it forest - but no means to assist people to settle on it or farm it .
i gestured at the dripping forest .
there were copperheads in the wood , and timber rattlers ; she saw them now and then , basking on rocks or sunny logs .
i dreamed of trees ; endless , monotonous forests of them , with each trunk and leaf and needle etched like scrimshaw on the inside of my eyelids , each one crystal - sharp , all just alike .
we had fifteen acres in new barley , which - bar hailstones , forest fires , and other acts of god - would eventually be made into nearly a hundred kegs of whisky , which could be sold or traded for quite a lot , even completely raw and unaged .
no doubt the inhabitants had faced at least the possibility of a forest fire before , and were prepared to deal with it .
they wanted to know how to protect the wilderness , how to log responsibly , how to follow a career in the park or forest services .
or is the forest service doing nothing but selling out the public interest ?
` ` the forest service panders to loggers .
management of forests was no longer by the numbers .
it was the perfect life for a man who craved solitude , shunned commitment , cared more about the health of an acre of forest than why his neighbor suddenly looked hungover every morning and why only one car was now parked in their driveway .
if i was n't careful , the raging inferno inside me would burst free , consuming the forest .
it was actually a little amusing coming from william , the man that had left broken hearts in every corner of the forest .
when he got close , andra caught the faint scent of a forest in winter coming off of him - clean and cold .
` ` i hear he 's hotter than a forest fire in bed . ''
the entire human race would have died out long ago if women 's asses reaped the benefits of a forest fire each time they had sex .
laird had been the first to marry - he and allison had tied the knot the summer after they graduated from wake forest ; joe and megan walked the aisle a year later , after falling in love during their senior year at north carolina .
i ' m single - handedly responsible for destroying vast tracts of timber , just for the paperwork required by the government , and right now i ' m a little short staffed . ''
he taught her how to bait a line and fish the shallows for largemouth bass and took her exploring through the backwoods of the croatan forest .
when joe had asked for volunteers to fight the forest fire a few weeks earlier , only taylor had raised his hand .
leslie , the baby of our family , is currently studying biology and physiology at wake forest with the intention of becoming a veterinarian .
while she did n't have the resources of duke , wake forest , or the university of north carolina , her library was regarded as one of the best small libraries in the state , if not the country .
in recent years , he 'd focused quite a bit on the timber industry in southeast texas and had partnered with damon roche in quite a few projects .
and then maybe she and the forest god had danced together , while the moon shone silver all around them ... . cassie could feel the warmth , the course of life , in adam 's arms .
he seemed to be the forest god , perilous and mischievous , awe - inspiring but not unkind .
the passionate intent in his eyes sent arousal racing through her like a drought - fueled forest fire .
the flex of hard muscles contracting beneath her touch blocked out the world waiting beyond the abandoned forest nook .
kelly 's passion spread to ryan as her heat swept over him like a raging forest fire .
first and foremost , she 'd come to wake forest because she 'd wanted a good education , and her scholarship required that she put her studies first .
but surprising no one more than her , wake forest had come through with a scholarship that covered tuition , and in august sophia had boarded the bus in new jersey , bound for a virtually unknown destination where she 'd spend much of the next four years .
` ` i go to wake forest and my roommate at the sorority decided that what i really needed was a girls ' night out . ''
` ` she 's a senior at wake forest .
on thursday evening , he made the drive to wake forest , where they finally had a chance to walk around campus .
he climbed into his truck and drove to wake forest , pulling to a stop in front of the sorority house .
on the main level , he passed the gift shop with its forest of shiny balloons ( get well soon !
a few minutes of bouncing on the pale blue waves and we were bumping against a dock , surrounded by a forest of bobbing masts .
in his white coat , dr . timbers is waiting for me when i meet my mother in the lobby , where three palm trees lurk among the couches and lounge chairs , as if the bad place were in orlando and not baltimore .
as my mother drives me out of maryland and through delaware , past all those fast - food places and strip malls , she explains that dr . timbers did not want to let me out of the bad place , but with the help of a few lawyers and her girlfriend 's therapist - the man who will be my new therapist - she waged a legal battle and managed to convince some judge that she could care for me at home , so i thank her .
my mom has a library card , and she checks out books for me now that i am home and allowed to read whatever i want without clearing the material with dr . timbers , who , incidentally , is a fascist when it comes to book banning .
` ` time will tell , '' dr . patel says , and i know right then that cliff and i are going to get along , because he does not preach pessimism like dr . timbers and the staff at the bad place ; cliff does n't say i need to face what he thinks is my reality .
when he began to psychologically torture dimmesdale , giving him all those strange roots and herbs , chillingworth reminded me of dr . timbers and his staff .
he tells it just like dr . timbers would , stating what he would call ` ` facts , '' with no regard for what was going on in tiffany 's head .
i feel as though dr . timbers was right about me - that i do n't belong in the real world , because i am uncontrollable and dangerous .
you agreed to all of the above at the time and were deemed to be ` ` of sound mind '' by your therapist dr . timbers , but soon after being put away for good , you ` ` lost '' your memory and your marbles as well .
` ` i know dr . timbers used to tell you the story every day as part of your therapy .
his face reminded her of the craggy mountains in the national forest , rough and harsh .
` ` you 're hell on wheels , honey , and they figure i ' m going to spend the rest of my life scrambling to put out your forest fires .
arousal flared like a forest fire under a harsh wind , burning her from the inside out .
weres preferred something that reminded them of grass and the spongy texture of the forest floor .
roarke sighed and looked out over the damp forest .
` ` i came upon the guy 's camp last night when i was out roaming the forest .
i bet you 're with the forest service or something , huh ?
thinking about the short time that remained to them , roarke bounded even faster over the damp forest floor .
instead of mentioning information about a bigfoot sighting in another part of the forest , roarke would mention a bigfoot mauling near portland .
the other carvings were forest animal figurines , none any bigger than eight inches tall .
resting on a bed of pine needles deep in the forest , he calculated the passage of time by watching the shadows .
i ' ve been scanning the forest floor for three hours .
his loafers hit the dirt road , rocks and dust shifting under his feet as he stood in the middle of nowhere in a dense forest of pines and oaks .
for all she knew , the timber lake inn was the only hotel in lake tahoe that had had any openings when stephen scheduled the orientation .
she was going to have to check out of the timber lake inn .
tears trickled down her cheeks as she watched his powerful body , now dressed in only a pair of jeans and a forest green sweater , move unceasingly .