after she got rid of the red monstrosity , that was .
i 'd seen about a hundred of the monstrosities in my life .
this house , if you can properly call such a monstrosity as this a house , is modeled after an eighteenth century british nobleman 's estate .
the long driveway that led to the monstrosity at the end was lined with blossoming trees , their scent permeating the evening air as we drove through .
the piled on make - up , larger than life breasts , ostentatious jewelry , claw - like nails , and the hideous hair ... did any men find these monstrosities attractive ?
` ` well , '' he says , reaching down and grabbing the lingerie monstrosity from the bag , ` ` it looks like you have some changing to do . ''
i doubt he personally dusts the knick - knacks in the one hundred rooms , or however many this monstrosity has .
` ` the one good thing about this damn monstrosity . ''
the biggest was a body - builder monstrosity who was about three inches shorter than julian , but quite a bit thicker and wider .
the squires seemed to have an affinity for the monstrosity and were insistent that she learn every nuance of it , and she was anxious to learn absolutely everything .
good god , what new monstrosity has imogen created ?
looking annoyed , he hefted the pink monstrosity , his expression changing as he probably tapped a line and felt the energy circulating through it .
he 'd made some improvements since moving in , and planned to have the entire monstrosity pimped out by the end of the year .
anya had given him the nearly life - size monstrosity as a joke .
i also thought this would be preferable over the klingon monstrosity niccolo booked for you in vegas . ''
( and who are you calling a monstrosity ?
this is my macabre reality , a place where monstrosities in nightgowns lure me into the forest .
he hones in his hatred and glares at the monstrosity as if it were a person .
you are going to fry in the hottest pit in hell for this monstrosity that sits behind you .
i glance over at the oversized white and gold trimmed monstrosity fully expecting an empty seat , but there 's an old man playing his heart out .
usually his cravat did the job of covering the monstrosity , but today , today of all days , he needed another reminder of who he was , of what he was .
` ` their house is the large victorian monstrosity at the end of iris avenue . ''
` ` it was dolf 's spell that turned your protector into that '' -he waved a hand toward the watchful caine- '' monstrosity . ''
which left mungo 's roving monstrosities .
this town and that architectural monstrosity , mirror house , had proven to be downright inspirational in many respects .
there was a fountain in the center , but no water poured from the jug held by the naked nymph carved on top of the circular monstrosity .
sabrina adored being outdoors , much like amelia had , and could easily stumble upon this monstrosity and become its meal .
` ` they turn their spies into magic monstrosities .
under them rested an army of aromatic candles , then a dozen sticks of deodorant , twenty bottles of assorted shampoo , kerosene lamps , nintendo game systems , a sony playstation , two or three hundred game cartridges and cds , sun catchers , laptops , old toys , animal skulls , cowbells , blu - ray movies , assorted metal parts from engines , and above it all a dried - up baby wyvern , mummified into a skeletal monstrosity , spread its dead wings , suspended from a ceiling by a cord .
this monstrosity had an empty look , as though knowing its master had gone , never to return .
steven was always welcome with his brothers - patrick , who 'd raised him , had a comfortable house in edinburgh ; elliot had a huge monstrosity of a castle in northern scotland , overrun with indian servants and his growing family ; and sinclair had plenty of spare bedrooms in london , even if sinclair 's unruly children did terrorize the house .
when she had finally staggered upright , that brown monstrosity was almost fifty yards away .
` ` i did n't mean with th ' monstrosity he calls a house . ''
at the far wall to my right , two furnaces sat side by side : the electric for the times when technology had the upper hand and the old - fashioned coal - burning monstrosity for use during the waves , when the magic robbed us of electric current .
on the road the draugr stomped forward , an enormous monstrosity , dwarfing the trees , impossibly big .
it would have to tear him to pieces before he 'd release that monstrosity back on denise - a shriek split through spade 's ears , unbearable even through the cocoon of water and sand .
he brought the monstrosity out from behind his back .
now that mr . simon used those monstrosities for crop dusting , he 'd converted the biplane back into a passenger plane so one of the crop - duster pilots could give tourists a joyride .
in an effort to shake off her melancholy mood , she studied the three - story monstrosity across the street .
he supported her while she stepped out of the monstrosities .
so mike stood in front of this monstrosity now , waiting to see if amber would put her trust in him one last time .
` ` and buying this monstrosity accomplished that ? ''
she cocked her head , as if to toss her hair over her shoulder , but the blond monstrosity did n't budge .
these monstrosities were on the smaller side , but they were just as deadly as , and far faster than , the bloated larger ones that had gorged themselves on human blood .
i pressed closer against aiden as the eight legged monstrosity eyed us from those awful , segmented eyeballs .
` ` i told you i 'd give you something that could cause some damage to that monstrosity . ''
you would n't be feeding this monstrosity and partaking in whatever it gives to you if you did n't . ''
the thing across the field did not appear to be one of those monstrosities , but just what exactly it was eluded me .
cade grabbed hold of my shoulder , holding me still as i instinctively took a frightened step back from the monstrosity outside .
for a second i could n't move , i could only stare at one of the monstrosities that the aliens had unleashed upon us .
strange , twisted things were wrapped in circles close to the monstrosity 's hideous mouth .
jaimie fielding had bought the monstrosity and was in the process of renovating it when the team had caught up with her .
` ` i will not have that monstrosity taking up space in my bedroom .
whines liam as they leave the room , his hand outstretched towards the radio - controlled monstrosity on the table .
the only way i ' m going to get out of taste - testing one of those monstrosities is to be able to say i ' m too full from the lunch colin bought me .
not even that freaky deaky monstrosity that had just vanished into thin air .
they 'd probably cry every time if they knew we were facing supernatural hordes of beetles and other monstrosities .
if my mistress has need , i would gladly destroy those monstrosities and blight their unsightliness from her gaze . ''
it was , however , the closest casino to the grove , the monstrosity of a casino that belonged to the druids .
i mean , this all really started to go downhill at that godawful picnic when i said how much i hated that monstrosity on mayfair- ' ' which monstrosity ? '
i mean , this all really started to go downhill at that godawful picnic when i said how much i hated that monstrosity on mayfair- ' ' which monstrosity ? '
` ` besides the f**king monstrosity main house , i ' m pretty sure there 's room in the carriage house for you . ''
he sucked in a few deep breaths , and adjusted the monstrosity in his pants before climbing from the jeep .
these cybersomatic monstrosities were linked to the queen by synaptic slave programs , orbiting her perfect symmetry like satellites around a parent star .
what kind of monstrosity is she ? !
he yanked the barking monstrosity away before it could tear out her throat .
the monstrosity dropped down from the table , and the floor shook from the impact of its great bulk .
another monstrosity wheeled into view .
winston had been expecting this visit , but the forewarning could not restrain the bolt of terror that shot through him at the sight of the monstrosity .
plants wilt from the contact , trees wither , animals become deformed monstrosities , and people become something both more and less than human .
but the keepers also used some of these places to hide things , to hold prisoners and banished beings , everything from murderers and mad men , to nameless fears , monstrosities long forgotten across the sands of time .
how were the multinats expecting to get the resources up to l5 to construct these monstrosities or the people to fill them ?
ignoring them , she let the full force of her fire explode onto swollen monstrosity .
the idea of those dark monstrosities leaning over me , rubbing their hands together made me want to crawl under a rock , or into some hardened nuclear bunker .
then , when i thought it could n't get any worse , the giant black monstrosity in the portal slowly started to turn toward me .
as it hovered there , kaya was able to get a good look at the flying monstrosity .
yamara , like everyone else , was staring up at the strange monstrosity , and was so distracted that she did nt even notice kaya pull the metal cylinder from her hands .
this new monstrosity shined in the moonlight with patches of metal mixing with its furry flesh .
i will not permit some monstrosity to roam loose through the night to slaughter for sport at its leisure .
paralysis overcame him as he tried to reach up with his right hand and bat the monstrosity away .
those avian monstrosities are big enough to pick us up and carry us away .
the monstrosities circled for another attack .
if you think i am going to go out and let some monstrosity bite off my head , you are a raving lunatic .
not as awful as being in close proximity to that horrible dragon monstrosity , surely .
the sequestered wealth from the city - states was swallowed by the growing monstrosity that headed for ortok .
it was only then it truly dawned on ortokians that what they faced was a monstrosity that would devour each and every one of them .
while the top layer housed ships that came and went , the actual guts of this floating monstrosity would be full of shops , apartment blocks , promenades , and everything else you could fit into a massive city in the sky .
you will all become formless monstrosities and die .
and even included hideous dioramas sculpted out of colored paper and clay : winged beasts feeding on human children , horned monstrosities limping about on uneven , non - uniform legs , and one giant humanoid beast hunched over , with tentacles arching up from its back to gingerly accept the sacrifice of a screaming maiden from a gang of half - naked primitives .
that 's right ; i still do n't know if this woman 's human or some patched together monstrosity created in a lab .
but things unravel when nilo , a despised test bed robot , morphs into fascista ultimo and seizes control using the mech wolves and other robotic monstrosities that crazed human technicians had produced in their final months .
quit wasting time with that monstrosity , a. k. said .
pat could nt pry his eyes off of the monstrosity that stood before him .
dominic asked turning toward the metal monstrosity .
the hulking monstrosity loomed like a creature out of a nightmare , bigger than i d ever imagined .
we encountered a bench - legged monstrosity about the size of a mastodon , said conan casually , holding out his wine goblet which techotl filled with evident pleasure .
a few facilities , massive monstrosities of runes and power , allowed a mage to transmit their voice to a specially built , equally massive , receiver , but data transmission of any kind was impossible .
two banks of these monstrosities faced one another in the trough , about twenty feet apart .
and kate fired her own harpoon at the monstrosity .
all she could do was watch the poor woman disappear high to the west , behind the rocky rise , in the claws of a monstrosity .
a second monstrosity swooped but he dodged that , too .
over many years , his fantasy had taken hold and later manifested in the body as a fully realised monstrosity .
look at the size of that monstrosity .
keen to see what kind of monstrosity had got langer all worked up , i looked out of the window .
all around them , emerging from the buildings were hulking two legged robotic monstrosities .
daelon asked core with a smile , as he pointed towards the pulsating monstrosity in the sky above .
if all that was nt enough , i could nt for the life of me tell how many floors this monstrosity contained for the windows were placed in such a haphazard arrangement it was impossible to know where one floor was supposed to have ended and another begun .
or have they suppressed data on those monstrosities ?
i do n't like thinking about those monstrosities any more than i have to .
i do n't think these execs expected to be grappling hand - to - hand with ravenous monstrosities .
clemency 's long - barrelled bassoonka poked down and blew a huge hole in the monstrosity chomping on my wrist .
it was this giant monstrosity that razia was flying her ship around , more focused on trying to find a damn place to park her ship .
she hopped off the ship to check on the distance between her ship and the monstrosity next to her .
brendaxa , my child , the towering , rotting woman with six breasts snuggled the monstrosity that was once human , you are so delightfully efficient !
the horde of living death and amorphous monstrosities was suddenly showered with caseless rockets and blasted by plasma cannons !
adam and drusilla dodged the thrashing and whipping tentacles , the humans zipping bolts into the shapeless monstrosity .
what do you call a dog who makes fun of cats on the air but goes home to one he 's knocked up with a litter of mongrel monstrosities ? ''
maybe some of them recognized her as topher brooke 's cat wife about to give birth to a litter of mongrel monstrosities .
they go off into la - la land and waste time and resources on this ... monstrosity ! ''
brick released the parking brake and carved out a wide arc with his three - wheeled monstrosity to reach the road .
the unspoken rule among blitzkriegers was to buy american , but jacksons kawasaki 1,600 cc monstrosity was the single permissible exception .
one caught rhundis eye ; there was a section near her devoted to dozens of symbols that bore a faint resemblance to an insect , an eight - legged monstrosity with one central eye .
it spanned the chasm in an instant , and slammed full force into the chest of the armored monstrosity beneath maelstroms saddle .
riley stared at the monstrosity in his arms .
the other students were determined to master the monstrosity and then never use it again .
in the center of the wall was an eight feet tall , five feet wide monstrosity of a door .
created via dark technosorcery and driven nearly insane by extreme biomagical rejection , the twisted monstrosities were feared and shunned by all living things , even their own kind .
josh said in a quiet voice , ` ` there must be hundreds of monstrosities in there .
the modding process made us into monstrosities , freakishly tall , packed with muscle that was constantly maintained by nanobots , a silvery sheen to us as the bots were constantly swarming over us , repairing and taking proactive defensive measures .
an electric whine as i fought sleep and a huge robotic monstrosity reared up in front of me as everything went dark .
i was so surprised that i almost fall straight into the path of one of these racing metal monstrosities , but happily a mans hand grasped my shoulder from behind and stayed my fall .
i braced myself for a collision ; i had no doubt that in a vehicle as fast and heavy as these modern monstrosities an accident would be even more distressing than a collision involving carriages and horses had been - and i had seen one once , in the past - it was not a pretty sight .
silver - skinned , scaled monstrosities .
keeble stopped at the edge of a clearing and examined the monstrosity before him .
rising to his feet , he craned his neck to look at the top of the monstrosity and took a moment to wonder at the size of the engines in the larger starships .
i ve never seen anything but rats in this sewer , yet i have a lingering fear something will come charging out of the darkness ; some freakish monstrosity long forgotten by the world , wondering who s been diminishing its furry - footed food supply .
the monstrosity had simply grown bigger and more mesomorphic with the passage of time .
in the present , in the monastery , she realized for the first time that her uncle did the same thing leaving her alone to think about a change in her state of mind at the time in her life when she began to not think of the last saint as an unclean monstrosity .
damn steel monstrosities are fast for their size an hour ?
some of these biomedical tough guys , who looked completely bored while they were elbow deep in the bloody carcasses of these monstrosities , turned white when they saw that code .
for all we know , this monstrosity is sinking , and seeing as how we are in the belly of the ship , we will be the first to go when the ocean begins to seep through the walls .
the cybernetic monstrosity that was his left hand would easily finish the job , coldhand knew .
these monstrosities could never handle a two - ton load at a gallop .
everett looked at the monstrosity coming through the door .
he thought about where this monstrosity may have come from .
i d hate for two or three of those dragon monstrosities to play crack the nut while i ca nt do anything to fight back .
and , pointing at matki awrani , i think my friend there has indicated that there are going to be some more and possibly larger monstrosities like that dragon - dinosaur thing headed this way .
they shoved her forwards , knocking her from side to side every few paces , until they got to the monstrosity which was the main confederacy vessel .
it angered him to desperation that such monstrosities should be real while his own white and perfectly shaped hands were only mocking imitations grown out of an alien latex .
you mean like those monstrosities we destroyed on rakis ? ''
it changed them into sickly monstrosities .
she had heard stories about elantris for most of her adult life , tales of the magics it had once produced and the monstrosities that now inhabited its dark streets .
a mass of moaning wretches is one thing , a legion of unkillable monstrosities is another . ''
the dakhor were unnatural monstrosities , but one could n't help being awed at their power .
sarene muttered , stepping forward to stand next to raoden , staring down the group of monstrosities with a contemptuous air .
yes , he had calculated the effects of persuaders and other mentalics of the class of wanda , stettin , and those chosen for the second foundation but not for such a monstrosity , such an unexpected mutation , as vara liso .
` ` it 's him that will come as the antichrist , to lead men into the flaming bowels of perdition , to the bloody end of wickedness , as star wormwood hangs blazing in the sky , as gall gnaws at the vitals of the children , as women 's wombs give forth monstrosities , as the works of men 's hands turn to blood c ` ` ` ` ahhh c ` ` ` ` ah , god c ` ` ` ` gawwwwwwww c ` ` a woman fell on the floor , her legs crashing up and down against the wood .
the monstrosity was vaguely skeletal in shape , with unnaturally long limbs that sprouted from granite shoulders .
may i not die screaming in the arms of yonder monstrosity .
the monstrosities were gone .
eddie looked around again , saw nothing but drilled white panels , no door , no ocean , no weird monstrosities , and he felt his gut begin to tighten .
` ` i ' ve never forgotten it , '' he husked as the stars shone pitilessly down and the waves grated on the shore and the lobster monstrosities cried their idiot questions .
thus the building committee drew up a plan of its own for a dreadful brick monstrosity ; the structure would be four times as long as westminster abbey and boast a dome even larger than that of st . peter 's .
and now he decided that , even if he died for it , that black monstrosity would also die .
turning , she saw a long - armed monstrosity only vaguely shipman in shape .
` ` how can deformed monstrosities choose a ceepee ? ''
` ` whom do you call monstrosity ?
nakano 's threat could be real , twisp thought , but the merman might be surprised at the strength in a net - puller 's arms ... even if those arms did appear to be mutated monstrosities .
vague eyesockets , empty , formed ; it was becoming a skull , but of some life - formation to come : his unconscious desire for her to experience evolution in its horrific aspect had conjured this monstrosity into being .
taking the souls of men and using them to create unliving monstrosities .
if an undead monstrosity could be a hero , then a pious princess could blaspheme .
she grasped the bottle , but before she could pour , a spidery monstrosity with gray - green eyes leaped , hissing , onto the bar .
i 'd like to keep the eyes i was born with , not have them replaced with some vat - grown monstrosities , thank you very much . ''
but there was a monstrosity on the end , a forty - meter sunseeker .
no telling what evolutionary pressures created this monstrosity , '' she mumbled , distracted .
a couple of the winged monstrosities were trying to get past the guards and up the ramp to the habitats , but spearing lances kept them at bay .
the group scattered from under the shadow of the monstrosity , fleeing back to their campsite .
the document related to aborted monstrosities that resulted from exposure to the bell 's irradiation .
a mutated monstrosity .
in other cages , she spotted additional monstrosities .
she swallowed , still staring as monk grabbed the monstrosity by the sleeve of his shirt , plainly afraid to touch his flesh .
he had to give the owners of this monstrosity some points for taste , if only for their beans .
it pushed free , like a spider creeping out of a nest , scrabbling at the walls , trailing wires , sections of its carapace missing , some half - completed monstrosity driven by the will to live , to survive .
when at the segment 's end , the monstrosity detonated , he clapped his hands and squealed in pleasure .
the blaster was an ancient model so large that he was pretty sure he could draw and fire three shots in the time it would take that aged monstrosity to clear its holster .
anything that the miller - bot monstrosity could n't handle was n't going to be stopped by a few shots from his sidearm .
until the monstrosities finally lurched out of hiding , seth had worried that he might be losing it .
to him , the monstrosity probably looked like an ordinary human butler .
the bearlike monstrosity continued up the opposing ridge and then disappeared over the far side , swishing a hairless tail with a bulbous knob at the end .
if we could take out the governing head , and incite the others , the monstrosity might end up trying to go ten different directions at once . ''
the other was a monstrosity in scarlet , with lumpy knobs on its snout and a club - shaped tail .
the creature had been disguised as a baby , but turned out to be a goblin , and once inside , the treacherous intruder had let other monstrosities in .
the square monstrosity had broad purple and yellow stripes and a steep , curving roof that sloped up to a high central pole with a banner at the pinnacle .
recognized as a prince among demons , he will stop at nothing to liberate the monstrosities confined in zzyzx . ''
the bushy head lacked eyes , but a gaping mouth appeared when the monstrosity let out a raspy roar .
show the pathetic monstrosity exactly what happened to anything that traded blows with seth sorenson .
warren cried out again , directly above the feline monstrosity .
from wingtip to wingtip , the monstrosity stretched across half the cavernous room .
an unrecognizable monstrosity heaved itself out of the water and lay panting on the flagstones .
one fairy used a golden lash to send a toad - like monstrosity crashing through the wall .
the second one engulfed that monstrosity in fire .
in time , the monstrosity was completed , and the engineers rolled it out into a nearby meadow to find out if it could really work .
the arendish poet , davoul the lame , a weedy - looking fellow with a bad limp and an exaggerated opinion of his own rather mediocre talent , perpetrated a literary monstrosity he called ' the latter days of the house of mimbre , ' during which he made much of torak 's refusal to emerge from his rusty resting place .
the monstrosity atop the cliff had raised one huge fist and was striking at the ground with incandescent fire , hammering at the earth with lightning .
poledra , as calmly as she would if crossing a meadow , approached the awful monstrosity .
` ` i have to attend to this monstrosity first . ''
there was no time to pursue the monstrosity .
how did he wake up that monstrosity ? ''
did you manage to kill that monstrosity ? ''
the unseen monstrosity commanded .
to simply destroy this deformed monstrosity without a word was not in sparhawk 's nature .
now levana braced herself and strolled toward the standing monstrosity .
we ran toward the villages of the strange creatures and their deadly rolling monstrosities .
he is off with the others and that monstrosity above the old city .
the were towering monstrosities made from bones that could make even nightmares cower in fear .
he was now , according to his driver 's license , grendel weiss , a name which suited the monstrosity of suburban life he 'd escaped , and the meandering way with which he was now making his way across the country , beholden only to gravity and the fuel gauge .
sure , they had barriers and restrictions up to the city , along with volunteers to keep the city safe , but nothing like this monstrosity , which stands almost ten feet tall .
he sat behind the large oak monstrosity that took up half the room , his hands folded together , as he stares at the both of us .
turning her head to the side , lucy spied the ruffled monstrosity that had begun her troubles , now sprawled across her small couch .
they wore the same brown uniforms , but they were ill - fitting and torn in places , unable to contain the monstrosities within .
uh - huh , he muttered as he launched the monstrosity back onto his right shoulder .
i have nt seen one of these monstrosities for years .
i drove home quickly , arriving at the seven - bedroom monstrosity with a for sale sign in the front yard .
and right in the middle of the monstrosity , upon a pedestal and hooked up to several wires , was the dim stone of fairun .
danr had his own brushes of course , real painting was impossible with the monstrosities the people of rognia called brushes , but he would need their paint .
on the northern continent of ocker , king godwin declared that no magical monstrosity would be allowed within their borders .
well , mr . fungman did nt have to steer these monstrosities around every sheer drop .
its scales were huge and looked hard like shell , it was about half a metre long with strange tentacles and tiny fins , the whole monstrosity a greenish grey as if it had been lying around dead for weeks .
large gusts of breath whistled through his hair as the monstrosity seemed to be preparing to eat him .
certain i would be no match , or meal for that matter , the monstrosity stared me in the eyes .
i looked at the flying monstrosity and saw it raise one of its arms to shield its eyes while continuing on its trajectory .
i pleaded as i noticed a large monstrosity in the distance charging toward her .
bare arsed could hardly be more inconvenient than this flapping monstrosity .
and it would only be right , after all those years hiding in the woods behind the monstrosity out front .
before she entered the smoke glass doors of network house she turned to look at the postmodern architectural monstrosity on the other side of ariel way , which was the new westfields shopping mall .
the animal is a hideous monstrosity , and judging by its looks alone , it is ferociously violent .
the world would no longer be safe as the monstrosity roamed this earth .
the pair shook hands , and dennis promised to stop by and see the clockwork monstrosity again when it was finished .
but the others sometimes i created unique monstrosities for my own amusement all short - lived , fortunately .
in france you created and killed things you call monstrosities for your own pleasure .
more than a few were monstrosities beings with feet where hands should have been , with multiple arms or a plague of extra ears .
emotionally wounded , he becomes a scientist who commits crimes and creates monstrosities .
his horror books reflected his own personalitythe monsters and monstrosities flowed up and down the river of sanity and insanity .
our only hope is in going through with it , that we can spark the war that overthrows this corrupt monstrosity we call a government , and come out as heroes on the other side .
grizz and i climbed onto the ramp and let it raise us to the rear entrance of the six wheeled silver monstrosity .
they all stayed far away in fear the wind would sweep them off the jagged cliff but , john felt a controlling yearning to see what monstrosities were lingering below at the rocky bottom of the plateau .
she only held the trigger now in the hopes of taking her own life , rather than become prey to the monstrosity from her island home .
he hoped that he never saw the monstrosity in the flesh , but if he were to catch the killer , it would be inevitable .
with his back facing the body that would likely provide the monstrosity before him its final touch , he stared at the torso and its connected arms .
and it would be bothersome if somebody saw me park the monstrosity on the company driveway .
the wind ruffled its sides , while from within it pulsed with lights of green and red and blue , like a giant beating heart belonging to some netherworld monstrosity .
there were three of them moving around in there , three little bunny - sized monstrosities .
i started to believe his rage would kill him this unnatural , greedy , selfish monstrosity can not enter this house ! !
the lone exception being the fat redheaded guy who insisted on driving his aircraft carrier of a relic , this maroon monstrosity that could seat only one other passenger thanks to the heaping mound of cigarettes he d had piled in his back seat and presumably trunk .
because if you had to handicap the various strengths and weaknesses of mayor miltons game , transportation , in this ridiculously around - the - clock gridlocked monstrosity of a city , would have to rate dead last .
` ` kind of a monstrosity , is n't it ? ''
the monstrosity let out a series of shrill chirps .
somewhere in that monstrosity filled with monstrosities was the person she had traveled all the way to texas to see .
brent fell back two steps , letting the curtain fall into place , his heart racing , half expecting the monstrosity to jump on him or worse .
what new monstrosity was this ?
` ` 's a monstrosity . '
` ` in xinjiang , many of our women wear veils , but some go even more extreme and wear these monstrosities .
` ` let 's talk , '' this monstrosity said to arkadin , jerking his tiny head toward a table .
she had to give herself a chance to get to the spacelab , find reed 's monstrosity , and destroy it before the shuttle was too close to the earth .
a drop he could hide in his suit ; that would be enough to re - create the monstrosity .
` ` this monstrosity of government called homeland security , '' the president said , ` ` is absurd .
an abbey developed at that spot , which eventually became '' -she motioned at the church- '' this monstrosity . ''
` ` does vincenti own this monstrosity ? ''
black house like shirley jackson 's hill house , like the turn - of - the - century monstrosity in seattle known as rose red is not sane .
the hideous beast 's name was puffy , and he was a seventeen - inch - long iridescent green monstrosity with , as his owner put it , ` ` a negative disposition toward humanity . ''
what i really wanted to know was if that black monstrosity was really him .
and if you do find them , i pray that you will have better success than i , that you will use them to find a cure for red lung and for this new monstrosity we have unleashed .
we are n't taking this monstrosity wherever we 're going , are we ?
feeling old and creaky , i angled to the orange monstrosities lined up against the lobby 's walls .
i opened my eyes to stare at a bright blue tulle monstrosity with a skirt that would hit me at mid thigh .
we fought a variety of wild creatures and twisted monstrosities before finally fishing harkat 's original body out of the lake of souls , a holding place for damned spirits .
since she had no idea exactly what the monstrosity was made of , she figured its grip could actually be iron .
the monstrosity let go of lord maccon and collapsed onto the floor .
these monstrosities were the gods ' first attempt at creating man .
` ` khayman called on all the gods of egypt to be rid of this monstrosity .
assuming that jack was using medical facilities to get the supplies he needed to create his monstrosities , there were a limited number of possible locations in town .
` ` henrik goetsch chose to turn himself into a monstrosity .
she asked the minotaur now , nodding at the monstrosity up ahead .
prudence , standing quietly by her side , hand firmly gripped in alexia 's , glanced back and forth from monstrosity to mother before performing her own version of a half bow , half curtsy .
he tucked his tacky hawaiian monstrosity and threadbare jeans and worn shoes into the bag , then went to meet casey , who bit her bottom lip when she saw him .
` ` what on earth is that monstrosity ? ''
a couple of them were ice elementals whose job was to keep the curved monstrosities from melting in the may heat .
a seven - foot - tall scaled monstrosity , a green creature covered in foot - long needles , or the guy missing most of his flesh from his ass and legs .
next to the four - armed monstrosity , he looked almost fragile .
the demonic monstrosity that was curran landed on the troll 's back .
stunned into sudden silence , the fetish vendor gaped at the approaching monstrosity .
among them were three near seven - foot monstrosities in beast - form whose shaggy heads blocked the view .
i pictured two colossi running at each other across the city , like monstrosities from an antique horror movie , and myself , a gnat in the middle .
i pulled the strings of the bag , took the head out , and placed the monstrosity onto the powder , balancing it on the stump of the neck .
and death would spread , when the undead monstrosities burst into the streets after they finished us off .
` ` that monstrosity ? ''
he killed that monstrosity he kept as a pet . ''
the huge shaggy monstrosity that was grendel sprawled at my feet .
he wanted to make her happy , and she wanted a child , so despite swearing off siring any more monstrosities , he decided to try one more time . ''
the shapeless monstrosities of the early days , just after the shift , were gone ; these guys had been made by a master sculptor and animated by a magic adept .
good thing this vehicular monstrosity had a third row so that the other three vampires were n't perched on our laps .
no hybrids equaled no mindless monstrosities .
now she had to worry about her own kind coming after her , and there was a very distinct possibility that she could not join devon without becoming a complete monstrosity .
the monstrosity ran on pure bloodlust and destruction , but she sure as hell was not going down without a fight .
` ` you put that monstrosity down there beneath a school ? ''
she jerked the monstrosity back , ripping it toward her by the ankle .
` ` a monstrosity , '' devon answered when luther seemed unable to .
aria envied the horse greatly as the monstrosity holding her lowered his face to hers .
then came the straw that broke the camel 's back : the plastic monstrosity in lance 's hands was whole milk .
the first gunshot came from solos , directed at the monstrosities .
in the shadows of the twenty - foot monstrosity surrounding the university , guards and sentinels were stationed where sections of the wall had taken some damage .
akiva had slain six chimaera at bullfinch , including the hyena monstrosity that had taken him down .
jasmine had grown attached to the fur monstrosity i 'd found for her - she 'd named it ` ` abe '' for ` ` abominable snowman '' -while clarissa was in an almost floor - length leather coat that probably cost a month 's rent .
the sight of those bulging monstrosities made the whole extraterrestrial thing look pretty good .
and if the answer to that question is yes , then there are more terrifying monstrosities in the world than anthropophagi .
i thought of the thing hanging on a hook in the room over which i stood , of the pale , muscular arm bursting through the loose soil of eliza bunton 's grave , of the sickening squish of its paw puncturing the leg of the old man , of the mass of sickly white flesh and glittering black eyes and drooling mouths laced with row upon row of triangular teeth glittering in the glow of the april stars , of huge , hulking , headless monstrosities issuing from every shadow , leaping and bounding with enormous strides , of eliza bunton 's corpse being ripped limb from limb and her head stuffed into the mouth of a creature that any rational man would indeed deem from hell .
he was a solitary man , a dweller in silences , a genius enslaved to his own despotic thought , meticulous in his work , careless in his appearance , given to bouts of debilitating melancholia and driven by demons as formidable as the physical monstrosities he pursued .
chapter 17 just another kegger at the kahns ' by the time aria and mike pulled up to the kahns ' monstrosity of a house on thursday night , there were already tons of cars parked in the driveway and on the lawn .
like the visions of an insane painter who could n't make up his mind which monstrosity he wanted to create .
however , once you 'd summoned him with an invocation ( which looked tricky , since it was obviously written in ancient babylonian ) , if you wanted him to improve your voice , you had to make him assorted sacrifices , including aborted monstrosities , preferably still alive .
we must rid the earth of demonic monstrosities like you two , and god will thank us for shedding your blood . ''
you ca n't possibly make it much farther wearing those monstrosities . ''
she pointed to the monstrosity facing the bed .
picturing the resurrection of the puffy purple monstrosity , i suggest it 's way too nice out for a coat .
she could certainly see herself battling the eight - legged monstrosities .
we do n't know what the king plans to do , only that he somehow found a source of power outside magic , and that he 's probably using that power to create monstrosities of his own .
finn asked as he stood next to the monstrosity .
no law of geology known to svetz could have produced such an angular , flat - sided monstrosity .
the shiny monstrosity had a lacy corset top , stripes on the skirt and a black hat to top things off .
rumors abound of even greater monstrosities deeper in the jungle , of forces building like a storm against us .
he yelled out , hoping the bat - faced monstrosity understood .
an ordinary dog paced inside one of the other cages , looking small and scared compared to the neighboring monstrosities .
then a strange monstrosity bounded around the corner and came galloping toward them .
the monstrosity shoved victor with a wooden limb , sending the large investigator rolling to the floor .
` ` jonas sent his ungainly monstrosity to deal with the intruders .
whenever he jerked awake , cole peered out the window , half - expecting to see a monstrosity charging at them .
do you imagine that a paltry edomic expression from my days as a groveling apprentice could possibly bother the monstrosity i have become ?
abandoning the view , jason trudged to his bed , a sumptuous monstrosity that could easily sleep six .
but i flung the knife , and it found a weak spot , slaying the monstrosity .
the readings continued to be meaningless , so he parked the champagne monstrosity at the corner drugstore , which advertised best tuna fish in town !
i 'd be sorry , too , if i had to claim that monstrosity as my own !
so they put this monstrosity in the middle of bruces back yard , poured a shit pot of black powder down the barrel , stuffed rags in , rolled the ball bearing in , rammed everything tight and pointed it at the garden shed next to the fence .
and there before her stood the gold - faced monstrosity himself .
and they were going outside its protection after a while , they came upon a reasonably sized town and a series of outposts , surrounded by a formidable wall in and of itself , but a pale imitation of the monstrosity whose shadow it resided within .
` ` we encountered a bench - legged monstrosity about the size of a mastodon , '' said conyn casually , holding out her wine goblet which techutl filled with evident pleasure .
this was the monstrosity zogara sag had summoned out of the forest .
his actions led to the poisoning of the kings soul ; his transformation into a monstrosity ; and , in time , his death .
a distinct rumbling sounds from beneath the earth , and moments later the ground beneath the four headed monstrosity begins to crack and split apart .
quickly circling away from the monstrosity , the boy considers how he should attack , carefully sticking to the edges of the platform .
i d often considered covering the monstrosity from view , but this was unwise considering the so - called importance of the unsightly apparatus .
the sheep were nice , not so the pigs enormous pink monstrosities quite different from the dark little native hogs .
tacked to the side of this monstrosity was a newer , one - story structure .
in the cic , jason and his crew watch with helpless horror as the witchkin monstrosity seizes their vessel .
one is the winged monstrosity named lance , but four others are huge oval shaped grey transports , twice the size of the dragonship .
another biosynth monstrosity no doubt , she deduces simply .
her form twisted and transformed returning to the guise of a muscled monstrosity .
stryker paused , reliving that day , unwilling to divulge the monstrosity that was unchained and released in a bloody rampage .
the trade caravans started arming themselves out of necessity just so they could survive out there until they became the monstrosities they are today .
he was still a very tall man , coming in at over six feet , but he was nowhere near the giant monstrosity that he had presented to the gang up to this point .
chapter 1 the house was a plantation mansion ; a southern monstrosity promoting inherited privilege born from forced labor .
the man who faced them was not as large as the two monstrosities masquerading as law enforcement but he was in the same neighborhood .
this no - mans - land is simply called the wastes and is haunted by roaming monstrosities set loose by the imperium and patrolled by the sadistic netherdragon highlords and their followers .
despite the devastating injuries , the determined monstrosity struggled to remain standing .
there must be a way to pierce this fog so we can see what monstrosity approaches , pluck stated and then a gush of heat warmed her back in the chill .
the double doors crashed open ; in the threshold stood a bipedal monstrosity , like a cross between a man , a lizard , and a rat .
several of the nearest of the flying monstrosities issued anguished howls as they watched one of their brethren fall dead .
the cool evening air began to thicken , pressing in on them from all sides , and still the monstrosities kept themselves veiled in deepest shadows as though awaiting a command .
bax whistled softly , relieved , as americus joined him where he stood and stared down at the dead monstrosities .
onyx just hoped that he d find their prey first he had no desire whatsoever to stand before serabi telling her she had lost yet another sibling to the monstrosity that he had once considered loyal to their house .
my jaw went slack and i whispered a few un - ladylike words as three towering monstrosities came into view .
his stomach lurched , bile rising in his throat but still he hurtled onward until his vision was filled by the throbbing monstrosity , summoning him on and he was powerless to resist .
saying this , the beast gestured toward the winged monstrosities and immediately they pivoted in the air and flew at the angel , deftly manoeuvring their lithe bodies so as to cut off any hope of escape .
i found it a challenge to enter the monstrosity we called school each morning , rather than walking past and making my way to the beach .
followed by the lumbering and heaving steps of one ugly , eleven - foot , twenty - two - hundred - pound monstrosity of a man .
even when compared to the hulking monstrosity of testosterone and fire they had just slain , that strange , masked man seems superior , calm amidst any danger .
tend to build their monstrosities out of , but this is totally different .
but because it 's so out of control , the matter slams back together , the quantum forces regaining their strength and forming the monstrosities you ' ve seen along your latest journeys . ''
we also need someone close by to observe this ... monstrosity and report back regularly on its progress . ''
she leaned into the fierce wind , her gaze glued to the monstrosity in the near distance .
his nostrils flared , and it was all he could do not to rip open the metal monstrosities and pull out the passengers .
staring back at it , gazing over the monstrosity , i honestly wondered how this day would end .
he shifted his gaze up to the monstrosity that was my new car .
this time york had seen the vision , except for the grand finale involving the fire - breathing monstrosity .
i swear i can still smell that monstrosity .
though the eyes fluttered and the mouths gaped , the monstrosity was at least silent now .
` ` and pray tell who ... '' he seemed to want to say what monstrosity but restrained himself , ` ` ... is this ? ''
like men maddened by terror , they threw away their weapons and raced wildly through the jungle , pressed close by the slavering monstrosity that flapped its wings above them .
only a mortal blade could kill this mortal monstrosity , but who was crazed enough to fight such a creature ?
lyra stared at him in horror , wondering how this was a good idea , but then transferred her stunned gaze to the monster astride the monstrosity .
kipril and ian had their swords out and stood between the two monstrosities and their remaining victims .
ritter desperately swung his heavy warhammer at the flying monstrosity .
the group looked at the slain monstrosity .
inbreeding only created monstrosities that could not survive for long .
he looked over the motley band of monstrosities that the feergrus man had assembled .
if the goblinoids had their whole army with them , along with tarvoni summoners and whatever monstrosities had been brought forth by their foul magic , then it would be a fight that the few people at the advance camp could not possibly win .
the dragons were innately magical monstrosities .
ferocious , fiery blue energies struck the earth , beaming down slimy - slick six foot monstrosities , shooting lasers .
he half expected to see some kind of unsightly sight , whether it be corpse or monstrosity , he could nt fathom a guess .
for everlasting life , but the monstrosity she became drove her mad .
the eighteenth psalm ( which i presume you ' ve heard ) describes a cherub as a horse - sized bird ; but those ezekiel saw , six centuries b.c . , were picturesque monstrosities with faces pointing north and south and east and west : one human , three some bird or beast .
the tin man stumbled to his feet again , facing the giant monstrosity .
the ground began to shake with the heavy footfalls of the charging monstrosities .
the monstrosity overhead answered in his gruff feral - sounding voice and walked away towards his companion .
if the engenium is able to best these monstrosities , he or she will be declared victor and be awarded the title of sword of the sestian .
they were barely able to get out of the way of the charging monstrosity .
she was the being that reanimated the bodies of the fallen , as well as conjuring the other various monstrosities that were at hasbarie 's disposal .
speaking of cars , i ca nt believe you still have this big yellow monstrosity .
there was a moment where adros wished to live , if only to see this monstrosity sent to the maker .
he then sidestepped the flailing monstrosity , pulling the smoldering staff out of its back .
she stood still and patient , even as the fleshless monstrosities piled around her , nearly tripping over her invisible form .
ome envisioned what must be occurring at the site of the rift he saw a swarm of bloodthirsty monstrosities filling the sanctuarys halls .
both seemed sound of mind , though incredibly frightened and rightly so , in the minds of their companions he had glimpsed the monstrosity that sent them running .
kendal , pulled by the vines and swallowed into the body of the sizable , tree - shaped monstrosity .
he had spoken with brontes and heard his tale of the monstrosity they had faced and the suffering they had all endured -- now there was another ally he had desperate need to speak with .
orin put an arm out and pushed shawna back from the huge monstrosity slowly striding through the roiling waters .
she realized facing the monstrosity karuna had nt been idiotic .
the molochs are a monstrosity , anemptiness , created by your kinds intentions .
the creations of elis imagination , the nightmares of the mortals , the monstrosities who will hunt and destroy the land .
instead of being smashed to pieces by the cage , which was precisely what he now envisioned happening , he barely missed the wooden monstrosity and instead was clotheslined by the opposite end of the vine .
however some of the workers , most notably the vultures , were perched on top of the monstrosity licking the bones clean of any remains that may have been overlooked .
briksan had been circling sam and lillian because the monstrosities descended from all directions .
an eight feet tall monstrosity ran around the side of the mountain and charged at them .
butit is also somehow nonhuman and sort of a monstrosity , irrespective of how natural the therians think it is .
he knew they were expecting a monstrosity with a wart on her nose and green skin , but dreamer was beautiful .
i am morally obliged to destroy this monstrosity , osric declared , twirling his sword so the pommel was up .
two huge monstrosities pushed up out of the despoiled earth , resembling a hybrid between man and beast .
the snarling monstrosity leant forward slamming its hands on the ground with a heavy thud .
and their leader , a foul monstrosity of warped souls dissolved into its constituent parts , each able to now seek solace and forgiveness .
wayden was a penniless orphan , and a scarred monstrosity to boot .
you will not double cross me , such is not your intention , he silently ordered voak through the touch , trying to place the command deep into his thoughts , along with images of voaks skin and features twisting back into the monstrosity he had been when they first met .
i also know that there is an army of monstrosities and other such foul things marching upon us .
he touched the monstrosity and released a burst of light into the carcass .
jace dropped his sword and slumped to the floor of the cave , for a moment overwhelmed but fully healed by the power that had poured out of hims into the monstrosity .
so , continue with the monstrosity and tell all 5000 ladies that i m sorry for upsetting their fearless leader i really , really love you , my krista and , i really , really love you , my ember tell my dad and jaysen that i miss them and i love them and i appreciate them tracking you down .
the ground shook again as another metal monstrosity clomped towards the shuttle landing area , and the shaking continued as a large armoured vehicle followed closely behind on rapidly turning wheels that crushed the red rocks underneath it to dust .
and so much hair sprung from the black monstrosity , would gior have to comb the beast ?
thus did he observe , categorize , predict , and explain various forms of infection , rot , blight , canker , taint , poisoning , infection , putrefaction , festering , bloating , dysfunction , collapse , decomposition , decay , trauma , fracture , pestilence , rigor , gangrene , parasitism , boil , abscess , tumor , monstrosity , pain , convulsion , depression , defect , disability , decline , and death .
i could see you , with your big terrified eyes , and talek , so tired , waving his staff but not having any effect , and lessie and the boy holding each other and shivering with fear , and intipisk , looking almost more fascinated than scared , and brother koof , even though he was invisible , and ydnas , still in the clutches of that monstrosity , and the hapless angels lying there , killed by those gray bolts , and the horses rearing and twisting , i saw it all at once , without turning my head and in spite of everything , for a moment being able to see like that was so intriguing that it distracted me !
but when the sidhe themselves breed monsters , the pure , shining , seelie sidhe , breed deformities , monstrosities , then what happens , where do they go ? ''
he snarled something wordless and phased out , leaving the monstrosity standing there holding air .
lenk could see , over the heads of the pirates who remained aboard the linkmaster to hold their boarding chains steady , a monstrosity being pushed towards the railing .
keep it away from those monstrosities ! '
with one great effort , the clawed limb pulled the rest of the creature up from the hull and turned the sailors ' anxious terror to panic as a great monstrosity landed upon the deck with enough force to crack wood beneath two massive webbed feet .
the black monstrosity leaned down , looking lenk squarely in the eyes .
before it could react , gariath closed the distance in a sudden spring , leaping up to drive his horns against the monstrosity 's ribcage .
his roar was more for his own sake than the monstrosity 's , trying to convince himself of his own bravery through sheer volume .
he raised his hand to the monstrosity , his faith challenging nature and shadow with the gesture .
none dared to stop him , to pull him back as he drew closer to the monstrosity .
he stared at the monstrosity and the rogue without acknowledgement for the latter 's imminent demise .
it was not the monstrosity 's gaze that caused his blood to freeze , not when it tilted its head back , opened its mouth , and spoke .
` ` a hulking , four - hundred pound monstrosity can break metal ?
this coat was a monstrosity of cloth - of - gold crusted with gemstone beads which would not have looked out of place in the last century at versailles ; iskierka had managed to arrange for its commission in india through mr . richers , granby 's new first lieutenant - subsequently much chastened by his captain - and granby 's flat refusal to be displayed in so much magnificence had since been a source of great and running dissatisfaction to her .
instead of the rotting , betentacled monstrosity he had been expecting rincewind found himself looking at a rather squat but not particularly ugly old man who would quite easily have passed for normal on any city street , always provided that other people on the street were used to seeing old men who were apparently composed of water and very little else .
perhaps he should just start up a conversation and wait until it got around naturally to monstrosities from beyond the void .
much to her amazement there was revealed , instead of the corned and bunioned monstrosities she 'd been expecting , a pair of perfect feet .
bledlows in times gone past had clambered over tentacled monstrosities to do the ceremony ; they 'd waded through floodwater , flailed with their bowler hats at errant pigeons , harpies and dragons , and ignored mere faculty members who 'd thrown open their bedroom windows and screamed imprecations on the lines of ' stop that damn racket , will you ?
things can happen to browsers in magical libraries that make having your face pulled off by tentacled monstrosities from the dungeon dimensions seem a mere light massage by comparison .
ptaclusp iib risked another squint at the angular monstrosity that was still hopping around the ruins .
while they pulled out dried meat from their travel packs , izzy walked off with that monstrosity she had the nerve to call a dog .
i could inflict some serious damage with that monstrosity '' this ... thing , i settled for .
he 'd chosen a muscular build and angular features to hide the multiheaded monstrosity he was in reality .
i gasped , afraid to blink in case i lost sight of the monstrosity .
tavi looked back and forth between doroga and the marat girl on the ground , the horrible thing crouched over her twitching body terror rose through him , a horrible taste in his mouth , and he could n't see , could n't seem to focus his eyes one hand tightened on the rope in helpless frustration kitai had saved his life she had trusted his plan to get them both out of the chasm alive he was the only one who could help her tavi let go of the rope he turned and ran , not toward the thing crouched over kitai , but past it , around several glowing trees and to the one they had set on fire keepers crowded in all around him he could hear them coming through the forest toward him , shrieks and whistles resounding tavi leapt up to the lowest branches of the tree , hauling himself into them and started scrambling toward the top , toward the fire halfway there , he hauled himself up and found himself face - to - face with a keeper , which reared back from him in surprise , its mandibles clacking against its shell tavi did n't have time to think his hand flashed to where he 'd put fade 's wickedly curved knife at his belt he slashed it at the creature 's eyes it scuttled back from him tavi followed it , wriggling forward , thrusting the knife at the thing 's face the keeper let out a shriek and fell backward , out of the tree , its limbs flailing it hit the ground twenty feet below with a crunch and a wet - sounding splat , and tavi looked down to see it writhing on its back , legs flailing , its broken body trailing glowing fluids out onto the forest floor tavi heard more keepers coming he hauled himself up higher into the tree , until he reached a branch bare of the crouch , slender and unable to support his weight farther out along the branch hung the burning blanket fire spread along it , toward the trunk of the tree tavi hacked at the branch with the knife , the steel biting into the soft wood then he gripped the knife in his teeth and hauled at the branch with both hands it swayed and then broke , peeling away from the tree tavi scrambled down , trailing the long branch with its flaming leaves , the oil - soaked blanket , and when he had reached the forest floor , he ran toward kitai the thing crouched over her saw him coming and turned toward him with a hiss , its mandibles spreading wide , along with its chitmous arms though its eyes glittered and reflected the light of the fire from a thousand facets , it had a horribly slime - covered , unfinished look to it , as though it had n't finished becoming whatever it was to be half - born , half - alive , the huge wasp - thing rattled its wings in a furious buzzing sound and whistled to the keepers around them tavi screamed and swung the branch in a broad , clumsy arc , fire trailing the thing hissed and drew back from the flames , jerking its wings back sharply tavi seized on the advantage , shoving forward with the branch and driving the hissing monstrosity back from kitai 's still form the girl lay , pale and silent , her eyes open but unmoving , her chest heaving in labored breaths tavi slipped an arm beneath her and , in a rush of terror , hauled her up onto his shoulder he staggered beneath her weight , but grasped the branch and spun about , wildly swinging the blazing wood and leaves and blanket about him the creature leapt lightly away from him , landing on the wall several yards down from the ropes , horrible eyes focused intently on him oh crows , tavi thought it knows it knows i ' m going for the ropes if he did n't move , he was finished even if the creature did n't leap on him , he would shortly be drowning in keepers even his terrified strength was be ginning to fade , his body to burn under all the effort he had to get kitai to the ropes , at least he could tie her foot and doroga could haul her up doroga tavi looked up to the top of the cliff and saw doroga 's pale form there , staring down at them then the gargant headman shouted , ` ` courage , valleyboy ' '' and vanished back over the lip of the cliff there was still a chance shoving the branch in front of him along the ground , he rushed toward the creature , which scuttled nimbly up the wall , a crab - like sideways motion tavi looked above it , to an outcropping of rock no good he had to get it to move toward him , toward the ropes tavi ground his teeth in frustration on the blade of the knife ` ` oh furies , kitai i hope this works ` ` gracelessly , he dumped the girl onto the ground , then leapt toward and grabbed the nearest rope and started climbing the creature let out a whistle and scuttled toward him he knew that he did not have a chance of escaping it , or of fighting it , there on the ropes , but he took the knife from his teeth and swiped it at the thing it paused , hesitating just out of his reach its horrible head tilted , as though assessing this new threat ` ` doroga ' '' tavi screamed ` ` there it is , there it is ' '' from above came a slow and tortured scream , bellowing in doroga 's basso , filled with anger and defiance tavi would never have believed that a man could lift a boulder that large but doroga appeared at the top of the cliff again , bearing a stone the size of a coffin over his head , arms and shoulders and thighs bulging with effort he flexed the whole of his body , a ponderous motion , and the huge stone hurtled down toward the creature its head abruptly whirled on its neck , whipping around to face directly behind it the creature moved , its wings buzzing , but it was not fast enough to wholly escape the plummeting stone it flashed by tavi , missing him by the breadth of a few fingers the creature leapt away from the wall , but the stone crushed against it , sending it spinning out of the air to land on the ground many yards away the stone itself hit the ground and shattered , chips of rock flying , glowing slime from within the croach hurled into the air as from a fountain hot pain flashed along tavi 's leg , and he looked down to see his trousers cut by a flying piece of stone , blood on his leg from above came doroga 's defiant howl of triumph , a bellowing roar that shook the walls of the chasm the creature let out another whistle , this one higher , filled with fury and , tavi thought , with sudden fear it staggered but could not rise and instead began dragging itself back into the trees , as the glowing eyes of dozens of keepers began to appear behind it tavi dropped the knife , slid down the rope , and ran to kitai he seized her and began dragging her back toward the ropes , grunting with effort but moving quickly , jerking her over the ground ` ` aleran , '' she whispered , opening her eyes her expression was pained , weary ` ` aleran too late venom my father tell him i was sorry ` ` tavi stared down at her ` ` no , '' he whispered ' kitai , no we 're almost out ` ` ` ` it was a good plan , '' she said her head lolled to one side , eyes rolling back ` ` no , '' tavi hissed , suddenly furious ` ` no , crows take you !
my mind wanders to the wolflike creatures in the first arena , the monkeys in the quarter quell , the monstrosities i ' ve witnessed on television over the years , and i wonder what form these mutts will take .
in each case , the memory was so vivid that it was as if he had momentarily stopped living in the present and begun to live again in the past , as if he was actually there rather than here , sitting on his butt on the grass in the middle of a chilly night next to an alien monstrosity .
he 'd seen them for the first time seventeen years ago , in a dead boy 's room not far from here , where women had been brutally cut to pieces as part of a conspiracy that ended with the great , devouring monstrosity of tiamat orbiting the sun .
she glanced cautiously at the glowing monstrosity squatting in the center of the empty , echoing room .
it takes far more power than i possess to kill one of those monstrosities .
it was a typical group , ranging in size from five feet to one ten - foot monstrosity .
he saw in imagination various incompatible monstrosities -bulbous eyes , grinning jaws , horns , stings , mandibles .
snarling , he forced more and more of his own wolf through his veins until his hands and feet were huge , twisted , paw - like monstrosities .
if he died here , if he joined his brother in the river 's ice - cold flow , he would at least die ramon espejo , hero to monstrosities .
they are an offense to the divine , bringing forth monstrosities and abominations they can not control . ''
` ` our monstrosities do great things .
but unlike that hideous webbed monstrosity on their backs , an angel 's wings were a status symbol and always represented , nuisance or no .
me , i screamed in rage , taking my wand in my other hand and facing the furry monstrosity head - on .
in that darkness , the fights looked at times to be solid , single creatures - horrific monstrosities with a dozen waving limbs and a hundred mouths to scream from the blackness .
one of the beasts , a shaggy - furred bearlike monstrosity , stumbled through the gateway after her .
mutated , vicious , hairy monstrosities , all fangs , claws and muscles .
` ` but for us , we lived with him and his monstrosities .
sean looked past the school yard , past the spasmodically jerking blue monstrosity on the cow 's back , to where ino forest reached toward the sky , its smooth silvery stems intertwining and braiding .
could n't she see that i was trying to get the winged monstrosity to save adrian , yet the stupid thing just kept looking at me !
` ` what , that monstrosity !
he was nt even humanhe was a monster , a fiend , a creature the gods should have banished to niflheim upon his birth , as they had banished hel , for being such a terrifying , disgusting monstrosity .
having calmed down a little , and seeing a chance to show that he was more educated than she , he said , ah , yes , the man who wrote that horrid novel about that undead , vicious monstrosity .
i shall state just one : the heart - rending scene in chapter five , where that monstrosity , as you so charmingly put it , just barely gifted with life a few minutes prior , discovers doctor frankenstein cowering in his bedroomand i quote , he muttered some inarticulate sounds , while a grin wrinkled his cheeks .
and he was the hideous monstrosity who attacked me at perros ? !
then she saw the large mound of earth rising up from the middle of the monstrosity .
several hours later , he found himself standing in front of the muddy monstrosity .
it enabled the creation of a monstrosity ; a monstrosity that would further empower the normans to terrorize their anglo - saxon neighbors .
it enabled the creation of a monstrosity ; a monstrosity that would further empower the normans to terrorize their anglo - saxon neighbors .
having become the unliving monstrosities that they are now , the deep wounds went to the bone , if they felt any pain at all they did n't show it .
in the silence of the apocalypse , the noise carried much further and was sure to draw a large number of the monstrosities .
the hungry dead seemed to be thickest around the post office and there was no way anyone could have entered or left the building without being noticed and quickly surrounded by the monstrosities .
there was the odd monstrosity around , but they fell quickly and quietly to my axe .
let me be your right hand of judgment on these monstrosities .
torturing other creatures even these monstrosities just did nt feel right to her .
dennis considered this for a moment , then asked , if she were turned , would she be like you or would she be like one of those monstrosities outside ?
those monstrosities are the way they are because they are hundreds of generations away from me .
right now , she thinks all vampires are like the little monstrosities outside .
the president turned to see a large , hair - covered monstrosity sitting beside him .
the headlights of randys car bring a few of the monstrosities in sharp focus , and we get our first clear glimpse of the things .
as our eyes dwell upon this mass of misshapen monstrosities surging toward the occupants of the car , we notice a form among them , being dragged along .
the monstrosity on the wall held a strap , made to look like leather , in its bony right hand .
again raul screamedthis time loud enough to disturb the birds , which fluttered from the treetopsand then , in a feat of strength only adrenaline could provide , he struck the monstrosity on the side of the head with his free hand , forcing it to let go .
one after another , she brought the staggering monstrosities down .
he frowned and watched the monstrosity sophia had become lick the blood from her fingers with an appalling , discolored tongue .
at least a thousand of the deformed monstrosities were packed together in the clearing , virtually shoulder - to - shoulder with each other .
two women -- or , rather , malevolent monstrosities in the bodies of women .
loathsome , lividly green plants writhed like reptilian monstrosities upon its black hills .
i must go there to find the supplies i needed , and yet i could not bear the thought of leaving his for the monstrosities to find when night fell again , to seize his fair body again for their foul ends .
dr . friedrichs thinks that through some cosmic accident , these monsters of the black dimension have been let into our world before ; and that those curiously widespread legends and beliefs are folk - memories of horrors visited upon earth when those unthinkable monstrosities stole the bodies of women and of savage beasts , and hunted through the darkness .
he held his hands out in front of him , trying to ward off the monstrosity .
sneering at the monstrosities below , he raised the kerosene lamp .
once a van was hitched and driven off , and the , fabulous thing which drew it was such that carter gasped , even after having seen the other monstrosities of that hateful place .
she knew that hopeless labyrinths of stone lay betwixt her and the cold table - land outside , and that even on that table - land the noxious shantek still waited ; yet in spite of all this there was in her mind only the instant need to get away from that wriggling , silk - robed monstrosity .
for the mammoth bobbing shape that overtopped the ridge was only a head - a mitred double head - and below it in terrible vastness loped the frightful swollen body that bore it ; the mountain - high monstrosity that walked in stealth and silence ; the hyaena - like distortion of a giant anthropoid shape that trotted blackly against the sky , its repulsive pair of cone - capped heads reaching half way to the zenith .
joe stared with open mouthed horror at the bovine monstrosity standing before him .
she turned a critical gaze on joe , who was still sitting across from this undead monstrosity , doing his best to make sense of the impossible .
they probably came up with vectra because one of them , probably the man who had a degree in engineering but had been a crappy engineer but a good worker who had moved up the chain of command and ended up in the corporate naming room came up with the notion that anyone consigned to such a gargantuan monstrosity as the vectra would be traveling with a destination in mind on a given day and might set a vector for a given destination and so maybe they should call it vector .
created to bind the universe into one world , all that it now conveyed was the end of all life , a horde of monstrosities which , despite the combined efforts of the triad , continued to spill from the dark portal without end .
of whoever has that so much of enough dignity not to want him to surrender to the monstrosities of the fates .
half of the pictures were of smiling unicorns and the other half were demonic monstrosities , probably drawn exclusively by boys .
the monstrosity clawed at the glass door with hands that looked neither human nor canine , but a bloody , pulpy mix of both .
foam and blood dripped from its maw and the monstrosity was throwing itself against the glass in a desperate attempt to get into the shop .
at the monstrosity , but realized it had to be tracking him by sound or smell at this point .
it had belonged to mr . stephen keck until he had somehow died by falling into a well filled with monstrosities that had once been human .
the executive of beaumont biochemical industries then fell into a well filled with undead monstrosities that had once been living men .
some of his fellow prisoners seemed actually fairly normal , but the many nightmarish monstrosities masquerading as humans far outnumbered them .
crazy people , or people pushed to insanity , are in my personal opinion much more dangerous and scary than the nastiest undead types of monstrosities imaginable .
the musty stink of ageing paperbacks hit me , familiar and virile ; strong enough to overwhelm my scent of fear and perspiration , hopefully discouraging the shambling monstrosities from searching for me .
even now , death was spilling into the city ; a throng of plague infected monstrosities .
she turned her wide brown eyes on her father saw the limbless monstrosity that he had become , and she let him go .
had it not been for the giant monstrosity looming over the landscape , and the stench of death permanently embedded in the air , the journey would have almost been peaceful .
she pulled out a monstrosity : a cross between a snake and a slug , six inches long and one in diameter , covered in glistening mucus , writhing and shrieking in a thin , high - pitched , wavering tone .
mandy lowered the monstrosity and differel felt its snout brush against her lips .
she cast one last glance at the monstrosities that came for them and nodded .
the patchwork monstrosity to the north , on the other hand , was stuffed with ten of the sweatiest saddle blankets the royal stables had to offer .
there was no grass here any longer , no melted monstrosities , no sky or stars .
these were the men who had called him names and pushed him down ( and , he was pretty sure , left him and his teacher to die at the fangs of that hissing monstrosity ) , but he had decided to give them another chance .
even now , as dawn continued to warm the edges of the monstrosity , she could see where the grassy soil of the prairie met the sloping banks of an immense black lake .
mums studied the black horizon into which the flying monstrosity flew .
she charged through the foyer and was in the yard in moments , pressing into the monstrosities that converged upon her friends .
i felt my mouth part against my will in awe of this monstrosity , and for the first time , i pitied my younger self .
ms . williams since time is a factor , let me tell you a bit of what i do know about you when you were about nine years of age and just a mere shadow of your present monstrosity you found yourself at the doorstep of a most uniquely disturbed individual , your aunt martha .
great rivers swept wheeled monstrosities aside as if nothing more than tiresome flies .
he instinctively knew if he let them have a peek at the monstrosity within him he would never be free again .
a python less than four hundred feet behind the slow - moving monstrosity had opened its reptilian eyes a short time before and played out its tongue to the surroundings .
the horror movies from his childhood had always depicted such monstrosities as slow and ponderous , but this was different .
a loud , gaseous fart rolled out of the approaching monstrosity , and it was this final disgust that got him moving .
micah had wondered if they paid any attention to the monstrosity beside them .
mrs . coleman stared up at the hulking monstrosity .
my oversized sunglasses could barely keep out the rays , but the two - and - a - half story , hulking monstrosity was as dark as a castle on the moors at night .
the thing smiled then , really just a rearranging of the monstrosity , and the smell intensified , grew like the lid coming off a summer garbage can , and patsy saw the black , putrid maw , a glimpse of yellow - white teeth .
an hour earlier , a snarling wolf - like monstrosity had shambled by without giving him a single glance .
ray stood up from his chair and stared at the monstrosity that swung its shaggy head from side to side , sizing them up .
lawrence latham stood by the open door of the church and greeted the monstrosities as they passed by into the pews .
the monstrosity that had rammed them stood in the desert on the other side of the road two hundred yards away .
the light revealed not a person but a hideous , black monstrosity that resembled a cross between a dragon and a dog .
he at no time fully described this object but occasional frantic words , as repeated by dr tobey , convinced the professor that it must be identical with the nameless monstrosity he had sought to depict in his dream - sculpture .
once before , it appears , professor angell had seen the hellish outlines of the nameless monstrosity , puzzled over the unknown hieroglyphics , and heard the ominous syllables which can be rendered only as ` ` cthulhu '' ; and all this in so stirring and horrible a connection that it is small wonder he pursued young wilcox with queries and demands for data .
so only briden and johansen reached the boat , and pulled desperately for the alert as the mountainous monstrosity flopped down the slimy stones and hesitated , floundering at the edge of the water .
to his horror , tiny versions of the monstrosities had slinked their way out of the mire and had wrapped themsearound his feet .
josey thought frantically , backing steadily toward the truck 's cab unwilling to turn his back on the strange early morning monstrosity .
he heard distant answering screams and opened his eyes prepared for whatever monstrosity was terrorizing him .
* * * * * as charlie farro dreamed of the girl who 'd broken his heart , the rabbits that had taken refuge in his compound first heard then smelled the fast approaching screaming monstrosities .
the monstrosity sitting on his lap , dressed like a preacher boy , made joyful noises while smacking his lips and seemed oblivious to the angrily chattering cha - ka .
billys eyes watered as more echoing splashes and grunts drifted up from the bottom of the well where several rotten boards and a one eyed monstrosity had landed in the shallow water .
jeremiah had no idea what new monstrosity was attacking him .
appropriately named the omnibeast , the soaring monstrosity was the result of several millennia of conquerment and enslavement , subjugation and domination , breeding and mutation , vivisection and necromancy .
through them , chariah was at one with his sentient , intergalactic monstrosity .
each monstrosity had been embedded in the ship and bonded to its nervous system .
morpheus rex gazed upon the looming monstrosity with kaleidoscoping eyes .
thunderous reverberations vibrated through his serpent 's glands as the bestial monstrosity pivoted in mid - air , changed direction , and approached again .
as the oily smoke of burning bodies , the incense of immolated flesh , and the stench of charred garbage billowed in the air , the necrodelic prepared to battle the gigantic , shuffling , fungoid monstrosities .
those same eyestalks which had been so erect with sexual arousal from the fisticuffs now shriveled as the monstrosity was hurled towards it , its black pupils dilated in terror .
the midnight that only lasts a second , the death which only takes an instant , chariah flashed across the garden planet like one of satan 's neurons , the ultimate predator , invigorated and empowered by breathing in the charred and burning flesh of the injured monstrosity he chased , sucking the smoke into his expanding and quickening lungs as he ran , growing more and more evil at exponential rates .
several minutes later , one of the tantradox 's conjoined monstrosities , a vampire bat and a nighthawk sewn together , flew into the still - creeping forest of flesh with a ceremonial dagger betwixt its hooked claws .
the entire castle had been transplanted , psychedelic moat and all , onto this living monstrosity .
the conjoined selachian monstrosity fell to the rocks below , bouncing down the mountainside before landing on a stone promontory far below , where it twitched about violently , shuddering and spasming from the lack of water it required to survive , flopping around in the deadly air for several minutes before finally lying still .
the beast immediately responded to its ancient master , tearing free of the multiworm , bursting forth and dragging an entire bloody section of the monstrosity with him .
cerberus , who had been waiting obediently at the side of the altar , sprang into battle at the cue from its master , tearing into the multiworm with all five sets of jaws , shaking his heads rabidly back and forth , tearing the conjoined vermian monstrosity to shreds with his black fangs , avenging himself upon the monstrosity that had held his leash in bondage just an hour before .
cerberus , who had been waiting obediently at the side of the altar , sprang into battle at the cue from its master , tearing into the multiworm with all five sets of jaws , shaking his heads rabidly back and forth , tearing the conjoined vermian monstrosity to shreds with his black fangs , avenging himself upon the monstrosity that had held his leash in bondage just an hour before .
as the avian monstrosity struggled to free itself , the tantradox descended into the depths of the stormtower 's control chambers .
chariah stretched his arms out cruciform , uncrossed his legs , and unleashed a barrage of claws upon the monstrosity , carving its scales from its flesh with a frenzy of talons as he descended back to the parapet .
the monstrosity was slowed , but not yet killed .
the wounded monstrosity was only able to flee for a few minutes , and then the oneirophage urged the metasaur to ram her and her attached edifice at the speed of light .
it was an old black - band , wind - up timex wristwatch , long since replaced by fancy digital monstrosities able to predict all but the future .
and the last time walkins had seen him , the night of the shootout , he 'd looked the same way : a lobster - like monstrosity with bright white eyes .
` ` i ' m very sorry , '' she said , and in her choked and failing voice steve heard a real woman , not this decaying monstrosity .
it was possible we might see upside - down birds , or that a gigantic hop - frog monstrosity like the one in my dream might try to bar our way , but i had an idea those were essentially wraiths excellent for dealing with six - year - old girls , not so good against grown men , especially when armed with silver - tipped harpoons .
stakeout and surveillance , writing reports ( in journals his wife would later burn ) , cleaning up the occasional mess when the buick gave birth to another monstrosity which would struggle briefly and then die .
the hose in its middle lifted like an outstretched arm that 's perhaps trying to signal help me , call this barking monstrosity off .
i wondered if he understood the buick roadmaster 8 had killed his father as surely as huddie , george , eddie , shirley , and mister dillon had killed the shrieking monstrosity that had come out of the car 's trunk in 1988 .
he began to import monstrosities from all over the world to mingle with his guests - hunchbacks , dwarfs , hermaphrodites , grotesques of every sort . ''
in july of the same year , a group of drug - addicted doctors started to experiment on animals and humans , testing pain thresholds , exchanging organs , creating monstrosities .
the art teacher at derry high school , richie remembered , had written a letter to the news saying that if such a monstrosity were actually to be erected in derry , she would blow it up .
in it , some terrible creature had been coming for his mother - a dwarfish monstrosity with misplaced eyes and rotting , cheesy skin .
this monstrosity had croaked , and jack knew - the way you knew things in dreams - that it was radioactive , and that if it touched him , he would die , too .
the monstrosity who was guarding them - a twisted creature with a breechclout twisted around its legs and a patchy line of stiff hair growing from the scant flesh over the knobs of its spine - brought its whip down first on one and then on the other , howling at them in a high , screeching language that seemed to drive silver nails of pain into jack 's head .
' that there are monstrosities out there that makes the things in orris 's ore - pits look almost normal .
what had made such monstrosities ?
at the same instant that jack sawyer had jammed the burning coin into the forehead of a monstrosity in the territories , reuel gardener , who had been afflicted with relatively harmless petit mal epileptic seizures ever since the age of six ( the same age at which osmond 's son had begun to show signs of what was called blasted lands sickness ) , apparently suffered a grand mal seizure in the back of a wolf - driven cadillac on i-70 , westbound to california from illinois .
yet a monstrosity did drag that poor boy away !
the right nipple was entirely gone , and c a twisted ridge of this strange new flesh reached around and under his armpit toward his back like the grasping surfacing claw of some unthinkable monstrosity .
we ' ve captured the evil monstrosity that had challenged our way of life and neutralised his plan .
and when you become grotesque monstrosities , he plans on presenting you as slaves to the vampires .
i timidly looked up the side of the passing monstrosity as though observing a skyscraper skimming the ocean 's surface .
however , the new city , without the wall , proved as depressing a prospect as any of the monstrosities of modern spain .
rockhard and larderman produced weapons , swinging and slashing at any hissing monstrosity that came within reach .
please post a review on whatever website you purchased this monstrosity .
if i went through , then i would be on the same side of the security gate as that monstrosity .
which was n't so much a baby anymore as it was a granddaddy of mutated monstrosities .
* * * * * the esplanade along the southern stretches of glenelg , adelaides pre - eminent suburban beach , is crammed with rectangular monstrosities of grey concrete and triple - garages .
on the plus side , the guy that plays the guy got a really nice custom motorcycle -- not one of those unrideable garish tv monstrosities -- made to order with the money from the show .
father a child to fuel and feed , to be shaped and destroyed by such monstrosities ?
would you believe phil got it into his head he wanted one of those monstrosities ?
the mere sight this monstrosity almost caused me to vomit on my own shoes .
if you are so worried about the monstrosity on our roof being dangerous , why do nt you send over the bomb squad or a swat team or something to just tear it down ?
he thought about all the images he d been inundated with for the past several years , pictures of scary red - eyed monstrosities smoking , or doing drugs .
bunnu nodded as he quietly wondered how the coach could manage to fit that phallic monstrosity of a beak into any kind of mask , unless , in fact , this disguise of which he spoke , had been specially designed for his face and divided into sections in such a way that they could be readily attached to different areasas though one were assembling a new facein overlapping layers , so as to veil , or perhaps even amplify certain distinguishable features .
mrs . foster herself answers the bell ( i was expecting a maid ) and seems surprised by the horticultural monstrosity i ve brought .
` ` this monstrosity has caused no amount of horror and disgust in those who look on me .
the night that protestors cursed my existence while the rest of the world watched uneasily as news footage of the first human clone was broadcast , finally giving the monstrosity a face .
i was tired just holding these monstrosities .
staring at him in the locked cell was like ogling a monstrosity at a carnival freak show .
you are a poor pathetic middle - class monstrosity .
in fact , upon their first meeting at a cocktail party , the father let out a horrified howl of laughter at having created such a monstrosity with his own seed .
andrew gathered his courage and walked a few steps closer up to the monstrosity on the hill .
if he truly wanted today to be the last time april set foot in their home , then let her happen upon this monstrosity .
if you look down on bath from any one of the famous seven hills , one of these monstrosities is gon na fuck up the view for you .
if not , i will also be a dispensable part in this mechanical monstrosity of society , a tiny part of a carbon emitting juggernaut barreling onto all including itself in its own self destruction with enough time .
the gecko stopped walking and stared boldly at its repugnant human counterpart , that monstrosity which it did not care to look at .
to me there were no gods ; only the devils of two individuals who had stolen me from my grandparents , serving that greater monstrosity , the earth , which at this time , for what i knew , had my grandparents interred within it .
i tried so hard to stay in merediths good graces , an effort which had been failing with a regularity that frightened me ever since meredith received that girdle ( a segmented monstrosity a bit like an albino trilobite wrapped in a flat box with tissue paper and attached snaps for nylons ) for her twelve birthday , and it went to her head and six months later turned her into someone who regularly used dippity - doo to set her hair on orange juice cans and had left her little sister behind .
even on the transistor that we clipped to the screen of our window , the space - age transistor , on that plastic monstrosity , we could hear the wolfman occasionally as he broadcast in the desert night air .
good enough , race hollered as we pushed his monstrosity up in front of the dumpster .
he howled , compared to most of those monstrosities at the yacht club , my boat would n't qualify as a dinghy .
the plywood clad monstrosity sat untouched by the flames .
so she turned to the mens door and thrust it open , half hoping no one would be inside , half hoping a monstrosity of a man would be in there washing his hands .
their three story rectangular monstrosity consists of five bedrooms and a bonus room my mom uses for exercise equipment and magazines .
will it be the broccoli monstrosity again ?
denis , do you not feel like a mesmerised hen when you look at these monstrosities from a bargain basement ?
she figured that would also let the woman see the kinds of condos that she really wanted as opposed to the palatial monstrosities her mother and aunt would probably try to steer her toward .
she popped the potato in her mouth and serenely reached for another as i leaned across the table , whispering frantically , you have nt seen this other monstrosity , twila .
i shivered , recalling the stumbling monstrosity in the library .
is your mother baking this monstrosity , or are you buying this from supermarket ?
i turned my back on the ice blue , hell - spawned monstrosity below me , scrambled to the top of the stairs , dived through the basement door , slammed it closed behind me .
the people certainly ca n't afford those monstrosities . ''
the ugly christmas sweater was a new tradition , and one that i hoped died off with the department store sales that sold those monstrosities .
turning slowly , i look back at the monstrosity in the center of the room .
` ` and what is this freaking ... monstrosity covered with ? ''
after i finished the errand , if i still wanted to destroy that monstrosity , i could .
then i think of the huge , beautiful monstrosity that my parents live in , and i remember for the millionth time that perfection is only ever skin deep .
on principle , he tended to shun ` ` corporate monstrosities '' like starbucks , even if the coffee was better .
` ` i brought you some sunglasses , too , '' she told him , and produced a pair of plastic monstrosities with the lenses printed with the bellissime flag .
so i knew ( but had not seen ) that buddy and cecily lived in a ` ` god awful monstrosity '' ( janie 's words ) on the eastern outskirts of mustang opposite gray 's ranch .
so he 'd moved his family from gwen 's farmhouse to this five bedroom , three car garage ` ` monstrosity '' as gwen called it .
gwen , her belly slightly rounded with bruno ( but she was still in spiked heels ) , wandering the monstrosity while hawk , ash at his hip , and the real estate agent watched .
then she 'd walked to him , put her hand to his abs and proclaimed on a complete exaggeration , ` ` this monstrosity is bigger than your lair . ''
he gave it time , not too much , that monstrosity , he 'd need a lot of it to do a search and he had no idea if or when mcfarland would be back .
however , the sight of the large monstrosities that were scattered around the site where he had spent his childhood put him off .
chapter 3 haunted by a moment ` ` and where do you think your taking that monstrosity ? , '' were the words that greeted matthew as he tried to smuggle a one meter high chunk of stone un - noticed up to his room .
pretending he was cross - dressing , pretending these monstrosities were n't part of his flesh .
my mouth waters when i look at the monstrosity he s placed in my hands .
they gestured wildly toward the giant canvas - covered monstrosity on the other side of the common , near the pond .
before he could answer , savannah looked over to the canvas draped monstrosity .
walking very slowly , she made her way to the enormous monstrosity her parents called home , but what she felt was more like a prison than a home .
i mean like that monstrosity in there .
the area was an eclectic group of fixer - uppers in the more hidden areas of the village ; quaint saltbox houses and bungalows around the center ; and elegant monstrosities on the riverfront .
he was supposed to be a half - bull , half - man monstrosity with glowing , red eyes .
damien resisted the urge to howl a laugh as he briefly embraced the lumpy monstrosity within his semi - morphed hand .
look at the size of that monstrosity !
the early california hacienda style building posed a startling contrast to the adjacent shopping center and nearby concrete and glass monstrosities .
adrian had seen the monstrosities in action firsthand .
* * * jessica stared up at the giant concrete monstrosity .
` ` like i 'd order that monstrosity from a bakery . ''
` ` you ever gon na cart this monstrosity away ? ''
henry had deprived it of one of its arms , but the other , a long , multi - jointed monstrosity ending in a curved blade like a kindjal , was still stabbing at him .
remember that monstrosity ? ''
molly handed back the purple possum monstrosity .
mitch was n't crazy about everyone at the top hat knowing he 'd been sucker enough to buy one of these monstrosities , but he could n't think of a good reason to object .
so fascinated was jasper with the monstrosity of that hair , it took him a moment to register the petite form beside its owner .
even over the squealing noises coming from the monstrosity he held , he could hear the subtle splash of her blood as it hit the sand .
ravener the ravener is a classic monstrosity : a long , squamous black body with a long domed skull like an alligator 's .
` ` laughing at me and the brown monstrosity jess picked out for me to wear . ''
i scream , shoving the monstrosity out of my way .
` ` unless i ' m the one i kill with those monstrosities , '' ari said .