completely exhausted , she only had the energy to shower and climb into bed with a prayer that her hard work would soon bear fruit .
i tried to convince myself that what kyle said did n't bear any fruit .
but mel was short - fused , impatient , never staying with anything long enough for it to bear fruit .
do n't tell me you 're suddenly hoping that my ' grief - blinded gamble ' might , ' against all rationality and odds , ' bear fruit ? ''
` ` so she 's even more cunning than the rest , realized that the others ' approach had n't borne fruit and tried to get past your screening by conning her way to me through my work .
had craved another , had opened her body to his invasion , taken his seed , wanting it to bear fruit not his .
he now realized that tareq had also thought his plot with carmen had been about to bear fruit , creating an illegitimate , half - western heir for farooq and eliminating him from favor .
` ` i ' m bummed i wo n't get to see the fruit of all your work today . ''
not the words or attitude of someone who cared one way or the other if those negotiations bore fruit .
` ` you know i do n't discuss my plans before they bear fruit .
she 'd also wanted to have full intimacy with him , and wanted all this pleasure to bear fruit .
then after that first time when she 'd stopped him from using precautions , making him believe she 'd taken her own , they 'd made love again and again through the past two weeks , and he 'd believed there was no chance of their passion bearing fruit .
if the conspiracy bore fruit , shaheen would n't be prince .
` ` fruit of your loins ?
certainly not long enough to see the fruits of my labors . ''
he wanted the first fruits of her time and energy , not what was leftover .
nothing wrong with enjoying the fruits of my labor up close and personal .
somehow , i do n't think my usual tactic of cribbing from wikipedia and the fruits of google will cut it with this crowd .
whatever it was we did , he thought he 'd finally found someone who was enjoying the fruits of his labor . ''
however , the three messages he 'd sent drakkar since his and finnie 's return to lunwyn had shared that balthazar 's endeavors had not yet borne fruit .
now enjoy the fruits of your labors . ''
even now he has put into motion a number of plans , any one of which could bear rich fruit . ''
` ` there must be a contingency plan in case this half - cooked scheme does not bear fruit .
my redoubled efforts in my training lessons have borne rich fruit , for not only have i demonstrated that no one else is equal to my skill , i have rebelled openly enough that reports of my behavior should make their way back to the abbess and have her reconsidering whether i will be so compliant with her every wish .
but that is the only fruit my search has borne .
and it is not as if my meeting with the abbess will bear anything but bitter fruit .
these were the true fruits of our planning - our way of imprinting ourselves onto the evening , without having to wear a gown or a tuxedo .
just the little touches were driving me crazy , teases that i never expected to bear fruit .
we touch each other until the night recedes around us and there is only ian and tiny and the fruit of our love .
he faded : instantaneously , a matter of reflex , the hard - won fruit of his trainer 's methods - drowning him , burying him , cutting him .
she 's enjoying the fruits of her labors and going on to bigger and better things , while you 're washing dishes . ''
so , while his search had indeed borne fruit , it would be useless unless he could locate his brother .
she would not bear fruit .
or he 'd managed to tear it down earlier but did n't see the fruits of that right away .
you are who i am marrying in two weeks ' time and it 's you who will get to enjoy the fruits of this day long celebration because it 's you who has my body , my heart and my soul . ''
if they 'd enjoyed the fruits of his labors then , who were they to find fault now ?
denevik was hoping for another child with breszca , but so far , his hope bore no fruit .
she has left us to enjoy the fruits of her labors , and i feel much better now i ' ve had something to eat .
she had tolerated his perverse game of curses to serve her own ends , and this was the fruit of it : scores dead , and an innocent girl turned murderer of everyone she knew .
it was the term , in ancient texts , for the offspring of the better - known ` ` nephilim , '' who were the first fruit of angels ' congress with humans .
i wo n't give up - of course you know that - but as our inquiries have borne no fruit in the northern clan lands , i feel i must follow the one clue i have and see if i can locate the owner of those tags .
` ` enjoying the fruits of your labor . ''
` ` how is that the fruit of my labor ? ''
things were pretty tight back then , but that made it all the more wonderful when their courage and determination bore fruit .
rachel was pretty proud of their accomplishment and could sympathize with allens frustration of not being able to witness the fruits of their labors .
his wiles , learned from many years of getting what he wanted from people ( manipulating ) , were bearing fruit .
she knew the feeling of a life denied by the fruits of anothers wickedness .
there re always clues ; they just need to be discovered , tom replied ; but he knew the information would nt bear any sweet fruit .
with these tools , i am confident that the ' search for the lost chord ' will bear fruit , and provide us what we need !
his ruthless and brutal elimination of the russian mafia from the london club scene ( most notably the danko brothers ) bore fruit with the announcement of his knighthood , back in 1995 .
they had been observing him for a week and their efforts finally bore fruit .
enoch replied : that is exactly what i m saying , but only through truth first then ethics second honor third and love will one bear the proper fruit to change the colors of the energy that is displayed in other dimensions , once one has obtained these few , others will follow like charity , good deeds , patience and prudence just to name a few more .
a sizable pile of deers tongue sat on one side of the entrance , amidst a bed of frosted brown moss , the fruit of the afternoons labor ; shed only stopped gathering the fungus when she spotted the rabbits .
your work with her bore the desired fruit , master . ''
watching the fruits of your labor ?
is all fruit annoying ?
he was barking now , and twice he leaped high against the stallions flank ; but this cost too much effort and always lost him ground , as each time he was hurled heels over head by the impact ; yet before they disappeared over a rise in the ground i was sure that nobs persistence was bearing fruit ; it seemed to me that the horse was giving way a trifle to the right .
well , mr . greene , mr . robinson , i shall look forward to seeing the fruits of your labors at first light .
he had the patience for nefarious plots set in motion cycles ago that would take many more cycles to bear fruit .
turning to ones pockets was the last resort of a very desperate soul , but the search did yield a crumpled sheet of paper , the fruit of his snooping through the nether regions of the bio - bazaar .
already the fruits of your ignorance and greed and selfishness are obvious .
we were chopping , mincing , stewing and baking the fruits of their labor .
` ` madam president , '' he began , ` ` i ' m afraid that i must report that none of our efforts has borne fruit .
he had taken the first fruit of many a sweet young thing during his time as an instructor at the school .
seemingly the first fruits of our new eden , the first reward of a long , long expedition .
working on the projects that were the fruit of the followers ' attack on my mom kept me extremely busy and out of the office for well over a week .
and this city is the fruit of their labors .
after all , how often does one get to see the fruits of their labors in our profession ?
the church of salvation , at least the conservative majority in charge , have concluded destroying the fledgling movement now , before it can blossom and bear fruit and consequently they lose all hope of ever stopping its growth , and oppressing the public backlash with the same vigor , is the only option .
and even then , that choice may not bear fruit if the ones you choose to help refuse it , or if you make too many mistakes in execution .
angela took the advice to heart , and the advice was starting to bear its fruit .
` ` but any nation that seeks peace with troy on her terms may leave here unmolested and enjoy the fruits of our trade . ''
it will a long winter ere the warm climes return and the ground bears the fruit of our toil .
our personal ire must wait until another time to bear its bitter fruits .
` ` the fruits of our labors , '' hikka said .
after years of effort , our life extension project has yielded magnificent fruit ! ''
other nations wanted to invest in your technological ventures and also , '' he smiled , ` ` enjoy some of the fruits of your labors .
fleet fighters had not yet ascertained johnson 's location , but kept to their sweep patterns , which they hoped would eventually bear fruit .
you dare allow the evil fruits of this ingrate 's labor to continue on , putting every man , woman and child on this planet in jeopardy ?
take a fruit with you !
even if you and i will never get to enjoy the fruits of project exodus in our lifetime , there is no better time to start than now .
perhaps the tactic would not bear fruit now , but later , brooding in her cell , the fear of immediate danger replaced by the knowledge of certain trouble to come - oh , that tiny suggestion might well gnaw at her heart , make her that much more ready to betray the ones who had , deliberately or not , left her to the wolves .
i want them to have the fruit of our labors and i want them to look back to us as the source , and to praise us for what we have accomplished .
this was a paradox that would have to be studied in future and might produce fruit that would in the long run prove of far greater importance than the immediate problem of an approaching spaceship .
in just a few minutes the plan would bear its bloody fruit .
what i know is that i ' ve seen the fruits of that kind of path .
i did not know any reply , or response to make , but finally said to him in the north fashion , ` ` believe no prophecy until it bears fruit . ''
even there , of course , the burdens of a large crap - consuming population must be endured , but the inner systems also have access to the fruits of the expansion : whole asteroid rings and iron planets of heavy matter sacrificed to make glorious things : starships , colony craft , even orbit - sized accelerators for the purpose of pure inquiry .
and may you reap all the fruits of your diligent work . ''
it 's a throwaway remark , one i do n't expect to bear fruit .
this had been a shot in the dark , nothing i expected to bear fruit .
careful observation bore fruit - twisp knew all of the swiftgrazers ' secret warrens and the myriad entrances topside .
the fruits of our foul labors .
and no inquiry we made of her in the brothels or the taverns bore fruit .
` ` if my own investigations yield fruit , '' he said , ` ` i wo n't need your help . ''
9 carter took the fruits of his secretarial labor to the pd .
however , granby was wearing his fourth - best coat , as the other three were so adorned with gold braid and jewels , the fruits of iskierka 's determined prize - hunting , as to be wholly unsuitable for actual fighting .
quicker than he might have hoped ; but their attempts had borne some fruit , at least , and many of the french middle - weights and light - weights , who had so daringly come in close to the decoyed british heavy - weights , had paid for it dearly as well : blood ran freely down many a side , black and steaming in the cold air .
` ` the fruit of my sins , '' he said , ` ` is now before me .
i am sure that an inquiry laid with the harbormaster , with the proper respect , is most likely to yield the fruit which we all desire : the prince 's safe return . ''
the prize , the fruit of his father 's labor , was a discovery that could revolutionize the world .
it had been a day full of promise that , so far , had not borne fruit .
at times our efforts have borne little fruit .
these are the fruits of my youth , wit .
as we approached medalia in central sendaria , the probing thought i kept more or less continually sweeping on ahead of us bore fruit .
thus did he implant the firm belief in the mind of thy corrupt aunt that no act could be so vile as the seduction of a young priest , and that notion , once implanted , did obsess arissa , and ' ere long it bore fruit .
their speculations earlier had borne some fruit after all .
i seem to be reaping the fruit of a misguided policy .
i charge thee , do not let my throne be usurped by the fruit of the unclean coupling of my sister and the primate of cimmura . '
this boy is the foul fruit of their fomications .
he wondered if his cousin had any notion what fruit his words had borne .
gilly 's boy was the fruit of their union . ''
no doubt you ve bean enjoying the fruits of his labour , too , huh barry ?
by their fruits ye shall know them .
the computer has asked that i consider fruits of great loss and perhaps i have given regret some power undue .
i will be interested to see if our experiment bears any fruit . ''
declan scoffed , never seeing the fruits of her labor .
leanne grinned , yeah i did design some pretty hunky a.i hero types that i m looking forward to meeting , she was just happy it was almost over , three years of her life had been taken up with the project and to see it finally about to bear fruit was filling her with huge anticipation .
they boarded the city bus and immediately began to discuss the fruit of their hard work and labor which paid in dividends .
its also the fruit of a society that had lost hope .
tomorrow we will test the fruit of your labors .
the thoughts i cultivate and nurture in my heart will one day bear fruit .
i , thelord , search the heart , itest the mind , even to give every man according to his ways , according to the fruit of his doings .
i the lord search the heart , i try the reins , even to give every man according to his ways , and according to the fruit of his doings .
do you want to see the fruits of your labour ?
for being the fruit of our feisty encounter , he explained .
since inter - species romance never bore fruit , they were literally flirting with disaster .
she was wary of me , and you , being the fruit of our feisty encounter , were aptly named wriven , meaning fierce .
since adamas surrendered his powers back to the diamond wand itself , that act allowed me to bear the full fruits of the wands powers , so i could rightfully claim it as my origin stone .
her daughter often forgot her instructions , but here was the fruit of her labor , front and center , manifesting itself before her very eyes .
yeah , see you all our works have borne fruit .
do n't we deserve to see the fruits of our labor ?
india , steiner said , was such a place ; where the religious life which arose was the natural fruit of a looking backward to mans former union with the spiritual world .
she ca nt believe its been a year and counting , that her life has not yet returned to normal , that her hard work at recovery has nt borne fruit .
as you know i ' m coasting on the fruits of forty years of labor . ''
these can then be turned over to official government intelligence agency personnel who reap the fruits of the effort without having to do the hard , dangerous work of assessment , development and recruitment under the noses of the local counterintelligence folks .
but calvi had learnt to ignore their spiteful attitude , hoping his efforts would bear fruit .
by sunrise , the search would bear sparse fruit .
he kept in shape beyond what was required and the rest of his body bore the fruit of that labor .
the director paused dramatically , then declared he wished to inform the august noda - sama that their latest approach , the use of a new digital magnetometer , had at last borne fruit .
he had first laid the groundwork with a few oblique hints to several of dai nippon 's major institutional backers , particularly the dai - ichi credit corporation , ltd . that move had borne fruit .
for someone who has worked so hard and for so long to make good the benediction of their aptitude , you certainly do not seem comfortable with the fruits of your undertakings .
the course undertaken may yet bear fruit .
in fact the inspection that took place in the apartment of my friend , to the search of something that could make light on the last hours of life of steve , it did n't give some fruit .
california california , being the epicenter of the ongoing earthworm extinction , bore the fruits of the disaster long before any other locale .
the media broadcast the news daily , and more criminals see the fruits of crime .
maybe sydneys shopping list would bear some fruit , but , if it did , it would be awhile .
test results , still in rough hand on the pages of her work journal , cataloged the fruit of her productiveness .
they could so easily have escaped unnoticed , all our investigations would , probably , have come to nought , or have taken a very long time to bear fruit .
these are the fruits of your labor .
it was rick who kept fastidious notes and excelled throughout their school and university years and provided ben with copies of the fruits of his labour enabling him to scrape his way through .
he mourned the waste of it , but in the end that that was the bitter fruit that war bore , and the soldiers fate was like a lottery in which life and death were the stakes .
it will contain the most comprehensive population database ever assembled , the fruits of years of hacking and spying .
i would nt dream of leaving you here without the fruits of your labour .
right away , he saw the fruits of that minute labor .
another miracle riches that are the fruit of dishonest work are full of shame .
he puts down the file lets take a look at the final file i hope that it bears more fruit than the first two .
he enters a room that , apart from a small kitchenette and bathroom at the far end , the fruits of an early attempt at holiday conversion , runs the full length of the upper storey .
- i proceeded , unperturbed - '' he may have bequeathed something to them to remember him by : the other two disks , the original mueller documents , or the fruits of his own research .
the brotherhood does nt want to waste man power on something that might not bare fruit .
she succeeded in the first fruits of her assignment .
his labor 's fruit a holy wrath incurred .
` ` either to enjoy the fruits of victory , or to suffer the consequences of defeat . ''
text begins : in amplification of number ones published speech to the supreme soviet on september first this confirms that we are in possession of the two hundred megaton weapon and that a test firing will take place on september twentieth at high altitude in the novaya zemlya area stop considerable fallout can be expected and public outcry can be anticipated in the arctic , north pacific and alaskan areas stop this should be countered and will be countered from moscow by reference to the more recent tests by america and to number ones repeated demands for an end to tests of nuclear fission weapons of offence which have successively been rebuffed stop for information the delivery of one such weapon by icbm on london would destroy all life and property south of a line drawn between newcastle and carlisle stop it follows that a second missile dropped in the neighbourhood of aberdeen would inevitably result in the total destruction of britain and all ireland stop this fact will shortly be employed by number one as the teeth in a diplomatic demarche designed to achieve the removal of all american bases and offensive weapons from britain and the nuclear disarmament of britain itself stop this will test to the uttermost and probably destroy the anglo hyphen american alliance since it can be assumed that america will not risk a nuclear war involving her territory for the sake of rescuing a now more or less valueless ally dash an ally now openly regarded in washington as of little more account than belgium or italy stop if this diplomatic demarche comma which must of course be categorized as carrying some degree of risk comma is successful it follows that similar demarches will be undertaken in europe and later in the pacific area comma individual countries being singled out one by one for terrorization and demoralization stop the final fruits of this grand stratagem if successful will guarantee the security of the ussr for the foreseeable future and ultimately result in peaceful coexistence with america stop peaceful intent of the ussr will therefore be emphasized throughout by number one and by all government agencies stop this line of reasoning you will also follow should your station be at any time involved or affected stop informatively all soviet citizens working in britain will be withdrawn from that country one week before the initial demarche stop no explanation will be given but a considerable and desirable heightening of tension will thus be achieved stop the same procedure which can be categorized as a softening up of the target country will be followed in the secondary demarches referred to above stop for the time being you should take no precautionary steps on your station except to prepare your mind in total secrecy for the eventuality that your station may become involved at some later date and that evacuation of your staff and the burning of archives will become mandatory on receipt of the code word quote lightning unquote addressed to you personally over circuit forty hyphen four stop end of text signed central .
it was a matter of high policy which could have borne decisive fruit .
mal'akh was no stranger to the power of technology ; he performed his own breed of science in the basement of his home , and last night some of that science had borne fruit .
` ` before we do that , '' the chairman of the committee said , ` ` can you tell us whether your labors are bearing fruit ?
i will only note the irony that this development will have been the fruits of our own labor .
the kommandant is eager to meet you : ) thirty - two months of grueling serpentine work were about to bear fruit , thought latham .
it bore early fruit in thepeloponnesus and sparta 's conquest of athens , laterwith the caesars , and , later still , was exercised by theemperors of the holy roman empire , then by therenaissance princes , and finally brought to itsapotheosis by the soviets and the germans in thetwentieth century .
lemuel was a cambridge - educated attorney , once a ` ` scholarship boy '' from the colonies , who years ago had made his money in london and returned in the autumn of his life to his native ' serrat to enjoy the fruits of his labors .
the project that we have devoted five years of our lives to is almost ready to bear fruit .
garvey was a man who sought out opportunities and enjoyed the fruits thereof .
` ` are you asking me if i recognized the fruits of our lessons , out there in the woods ? ''
` ` i did not recognize the fruits of our lessons , out there in the woods .
yet had those so precise schedules , those so precious gifts , borne fruit ?
how they ruled them with iron might because they were able to protect themselves from those who would steal their king- doms , and the fruits of their labors .
he saw all around him the fruits of accomplishment without the talent or the ability to make his own contribution .
the fruit of his own brilliance it was immodest of him to say so , but the recognition of opportunity was itself the sign of the superior intellectual : the fuhrer himself had said no less .
no way she could trust anyone with the fruits of that bargain .
` ` for when i look on the fruits of our years of labour , all i see is sickness ... idleness ...
though the passing years might have robbed him of some of his strength , that was compensated for by experience , and the fruit of the training which had been drummed into him by paola and mario so long ago in florence and monteriggioni had never rotted .
` ` our little information - gathering excursion into high society 's festivities yielded up far more fruit than we had hoped , and more quickly , my lord , '' said biffy .
renata and alex had also offered to ride along , everyone eager to see if claire reichen 's sketches of the captive breedmates would bear fruit .
all that hope and promise snuffed out before it had been allowed to bear fruit .
judd lay spread - eagled in his fruit of the looms .
here is the fruit of my leisured ease , the magnum opus of my latter years ! ''
behold the fruit of pensive nights and laborious days when i watched the little working gangs as once i watched the criminal world of london . ''
why does he remain here on a neutral world , risking discovery , when he could be enjoying the fruits of his labor on his own planet where he is untouchable ? ''
my blows rained down harder and quicker , every nasty , effective trick bones taught me bearing glorious fruit in the hoarse grunts of pain coming from kramer as he tried to shield himself .
setrakian said , ` ` my brief visit to the new york historical society bore fruit .
i just hope your rumor bears some fruit . ''
they would learn soon enough if their hunch bore fruit .
the sheer enormity of that waste threatened the human population with extinction , as the waste bore the poisoned fruits of cholera , typhoid , yellow fever , typhus , and malaria .
it is true the monstrumologist loved his work - it was , besides me , all he had - but his work was merely an extension of himself , the firstborn fruit of his towering ambition .
i find that my clodhoppers , for all their lack of military skills , prove to be very good poachers , and we have dined very well on the fruits of their efforts .
i avert my eyes as he tends to the small , furred creatures he brings back , the fruits of his traps .
i give ravi a handful of coins from my purse , the fruits of my divings - english shillings , french francs , spanish pesetas , and only the gods of money know what else - and he goes to work .
` ` the most solemn duty of a husband and wife is to bear fruit , '' he said .
then we shall see the fruits of our labors . ''
when she had completed her task , suvan called me over to show the fruits of her labors .
he realised that it would take years for a national campaign to bear any fruit so he was more than happy to start small , in san miguel , as a sort of practice run .
two of the three discovery voyages previous bore much good fruit .
ahmad replied with equal coolness , i have come here as dr . alfred harlands guest to witness the electronic to bio organism cloning technique you perfected , dr . crawford , and to collect the fruit of my investments .
all these successive accidents were perhaps the result of chance ; but they might be the fruits of a plot .
but at the moment when the cardinal saw her means already bearing fruit , and applauded herself for having put it in action , an inhabitant of la rochelle who had contrived to pass the royal lines -- god knows how , such was the watchfulness of bassompierre , schomberg , and the duc d'angouleme , themselves watched over by the cardinal -- an inhabitant of la rochelle , we say , entered the city , coming from portsmouth , and saying that she had seen a magnificent fleet ready to sail within eight days .
once we commit to a significant response , it needs to bear fruit .
this , then , the fruit of my study .
they all wanted to see the fruits of their accomplishment too .
to accept that would be to open the floodgates to nightmares more insidious than he dare consider , and the beautiful winged floating lady was surely a hallucination -- the fruit of insanity born of a life filled with equal parts trauma and adventure .
annoying to herself and the staff the new found approach began to bear fruit , indeed she felt drained but pushed on regardless determined to have enough evidence to convince her father when he arrived .
not one of you has seen the princess anywhere near the fruits today ?
this venture may produce no fruit .
tara looked at her , both in wonder and a little apprehension , because in dawns discomfort , she also saw her own to come : all that lovemaking she and chandar indulged in , had to bear fruit sometime soon .
but i saw the light my feats turned out to be the fruit of vanity .
when your ideas ripen in their lives and they have ideas of their own , by such fruits you will recognize that they have learned ... look how people have learned to make falcon .
the old mans words haunted him no matter the distraction , and he saw the fruits of his truth bloom in the scrutiny of his teammates .
i always pondered how your reasonably acceptable homework never bore fruit in class discussions .
gaunt , wasted looks , sleepless frenetic activity , obsessions , fever , rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , hallucinations , paranoia , and bizarre , aggressive and psychotic behavior are the fruits of this plague .
i might as well enjoy the fruit of my labor .
somewhere to settle down and enjoy the fruits of others labor without the constant fighting for survival appealed to him .
serious matters ` ` by their fruits you will know them . ''
his teaching , nurturing , growing - it - into - something - beautiful experiment was no nearer to bearing fruit than it had been at the very beginning .
so you re telling me that you are going to get joined , keep her in your house , teach her to be a proper lady , defend her from her detractors but not enjoy any of the fruits of your labors ?
jules and justin must have headed out to the airport already , jetting their way to santa barbara and the ill - gotten fruits of justin 's legal career .
7 - 14 : ` ` if you endure chastening , god deals with you as with sonsnow no chastening seems to be joyful for the present , but painful ; nevertheless , afterwards it yields the peaceable fruit of righteousnesspursue peace with all people , and holiness , without which no one will see the lord . ''
al , we have a ` ` hold '' assessment of you for now , but we must see improvement in your demeanor - and hopefully this letter of chastening will lead to peaceable fruit from you in the future .
perhaps there was no fruit to be borne in talking to her this way .
ideas which on earth had taken root matured in heaven , bearing bitter fruit .
these intrigues take time to bear fruit .
did it bear any fruit ? ''
he had inherited the role from his father before him , as was customary ; if his short marriage to yvonne had borne fruit , his own son would long since have taken over his duties .
a frantic search that bore no fruit the wish had been for real !
to justice , may it succeed and bear the fruits of its labours .
dear cinderella , you have begun to free your mind and see the possibilities that can be if you allow them to grow and bear fruit .
as their name denoted , they were the fruit of spoiled surfacing rites , born without a mate and also without substance , and afflicted with horrendous flaws ; their makers , forbidden from mating again , were forced to inhabit inferior homes , shunned by other makers , and they usually reached submergence age not long after the birth of their defective offpsring , performing the rite alone , beyond the ritual grounds and out of sight of the everbridge .
but so far his efforts had borne no fruit .
if we dress it in hatred , that is its fruit .
any man who thinks about sneaking over to the womens camp , consider the fruit of your secret visit : that woman will have to toss her baby over the wall .
and as much as i have enjoyed succeeding in the world of business and investing as i ve raised others and myself to higher financial heights , i have since learned of a different kind of height to aspire to which i believe will be of much more worth not only for myself and my time but hopefully of greater worth also for those who may be the beneficiaries of the fruits that will come from these new labors .
the days of continuous torture were finally bearing fruit .
i have no regrets , my only concern is that my children inherit the fruits of my labor , saron said .
jake struggled upward with the use of the practice sword , ` ` aldyor be blessed , these years of training are now bearing fruit .
one thing she said , continued elda , was that a lot of the work that gets done in this neighborhood is the fruit of investments from the outside .
this is the first fruits of your loins , a son of a harlot , whom you must kill , for he can only be killed by one who shares his blood .
but unfortunately me he came to bear fruit .
the demon was responsible and she had come to see the fruits of her labour .
this is the fruit we receive from the seed of prejudice and ignorance .
at last laurence was able to press mustafa for some relief ; only to have the pasha put him off with vague assurances that the investigations would bear fruit ` ` soon , very soon , of course ; although the labors of government are many , captain , i am certain you understand . ''
he had not discussed the matter with his own officers , but that had not been necessary to make them share his concerns ; granby was a popular first officer , well - liked , and even if he had been roundly loathed none of the crew could have been happy to see the fruit of all their desperate labors snatched away .
my efforts bore fruit when i slammed open a drawer and found a dirty handkerchief .
or to any fruit of the union , of course . '
when joseph lunged in front of wil iam , his face so serious he looked more like his older clone than i d ever seen him , i knew stopping to enjoy the fruits of our labors was nt going to be happening any time soon .
and it was like i 'd done them a great and grand favor , instead of being paid for a service that ( as far as i was concerned ) had borne fruit months too late .
and in all the years that he has enjoyed it , what fruits have come our way ?
` ` it is most unfair that i will use my glamour to make you feel such wondrous sensations , but i am denied the fruits of my labor .
thus did the curse of mim the dwarf begin its course ; and yet another sorrow sown by the noldoli of old in valinor was come to fruit . '
for it seemed to her a thing strange and crooked in him , as indeed the eldar ever since have deemed it : an evil fruit of the kinslaying , whereby the shadow of the curse of mandos fell upon the last hope of the noldor .
yet the lies that melkor , the mighty and accursed , morgoth bauglir , the power of terror and of hate , sowed in the hearts of elves and men are a seed that does not die and can not be destroyed ; and ever and anon it sprouts anew , and will bear dark fruit even unto the latest days .
hope rather that in the end even the least of your desires shall have fruit .
` ` once again you have thrown lung tien xiang into battle ; now you hold secret councils , and plot how you may yet keep the fruits of your thievery . ''
these vials you see before me are the fruit of our labors , '' said neveeve , gesturing to the glass vials .
a lifetime of what even she would call bad romantic novels suddenly bore fruit .
i hope to sample the fruits of its labor before my time is up .
after september 11 , hill claimed the attacks were the natural fruits of a regime committed to multiculturalism and diversity .
but here 's something for you to think about whilst you 're lying in bed , playing up your little scratch and enjoying the undeserved fruits of hero worship . ''
i enjoy being able to taste the fruits of my labor .
` ` a fruit of our country , captain .
when the fruits of long labor seemed almost in hand .
` ` this barn does not hold his yams ; it holds the fruits of our unjust slavery .
` ` this summer we 'll be as any other family on island ... living in our own home , enjoying the fruits of our own hands ! ''
while shaving ( with a straight razor , i ve not transformed into a complete plebian ) i kept having the lingering suspicion that this was not going to bear fruit , that i would fail her again .
all around , fruits of his labor blossomed anchored by the 5pl ranch , widely known and respected not just local but across the west as a top notch outfit .
his long campaign had last borne fruit .
something about seeing the fruit of his labor made him feel proud way down deep inside .
even without remembering your past life also your efforts can bear fruit in the next life .
the bastards want to collect the fruits of our efforts , tillman complained .
the rumors bore fruit in november 1891 in rehe , a province about 1,000 miles north of hong kong .
could n't you ever sit back and enjoy the fruits of peace , as tarchna had been doing for centuries , and velzna , and cisra ?
you can have no intentions for her that will bear fruit .
bolsover was well pleased with the fruits of his endeavors .
the fruits of haworths labors were heaped up together in a high pile : all the ladders his men had fashioned from saplings and branches and next to them , the tower , perhaps the height of three men , lying on its back .
as reports trickle in from the scattered settlements , it becomes clear that the varangian military training is beginning to bear fruit .
it is no secret that he has coveted the templars holdings in france for many years , but his plan bore no fruit .
i have no real resources but what are rapidly used up , so i must come upon you again.i have already completely crippled myself as regards money matters in this enterprise , and i do certainly hope that the fruits will not be far distant .
i had not yet seen dr . blake jetton , steele 's mother , who had been the chief assistant of my own parent in various scientific investigations -- investigations which , i now began to fear , must have borne dreadful fruit !
it was lucky that no woman knew where kadath towers , for the fruits of ascending it would be very grave .
indeed , this anthology you read now is something similar , though i do say quite a bit more pleasant to encounter than the fruit of victors labors !
you want to forgive since of now all the lacks or the errors that you will find flowing these pages , fruit of a creative thought , lacking from whatever city frenzy and influenced by a myriad of other people 's echi , from fleeting visions and from spiazzanti feelings to fior of skin .
perhaps all the vicissitudes that you / he / she had faced were fruit of a hallucination gotten by the effect of the drug injected him in body .
you surprised enormously of the clarity with which prometeo , during that interview in his / her house , it was already conscious of to be a deceptive fruit of the spirit of dafne .
i do n't intend a generic improvement of the behaviors , fruit of a constrictive education more and more .
unbearable pack , fruit of a wince of cruelty of the old one , that was the first one of their stock when it shouted in the desert '' anybody touches caino . ''
feeling quite pleased with himself and the fruits of his labour he picked up the phone and called prime minister frederick in london .
only your suggestion to run the phone records has , so far , bore any fruit .
this bore regular fruit , for after the first interview the manuscript records daily calls of the young man , during which he related startling fragments of nocturnal imagery whose burden was always some terrible cyclopean vista of dark and dripping stone , with a subterrene voice or intelligence shouting monotonously in enigmatical sense - impacts uninscribable save as gibberish .
in the nightmare , his search for the paw became ever more frenzied , but it bore no fruit .
without discussing it , we come to a halt and study the fruits of our labours .
he had kept his hand in home town real estate , which had home two fruits : first , it had gotten him elected selectman , and second , it wrote off nicely on his income tax return , be ? cause each year 's visible operation was one rung below the break - even point .
she did n't understand all the reasons why she so badly wanted to keep that from happening , but she understood at least one of them : she was afraid that the collaboration might actually work , and she was even more afraid that she knew what the fruits of success would be .
and so expectations mounted , and the fruits of my decades of research drew closer .
a crate of beers had bought brendons silence , and now the fruits of daves innovative mind and expert guidance combined with brendons technical nous , stood glaringly in front of dave .
now whilst i was nt exactly enthused by this particular path originally , it seems to be bearing fruit and it makes sense for me to go for the low hanging fruit .
pergs last idea had nt yielded much fruit .
in this coming war , ernest , we are seeing the fruit of our own selfishness , the dark mirror of our lives of excess . ''
actually , it bore fruit years ago , when the first nations people got together , built a flying saucer , and migrated to a pristine planet , where they could live happily ever after .
` ` torn from his mommy 's breast at the tender age of nothing , raised by a lot of bachelors who think milk is a byproduct of the local brewery , exposed to the fruits of modern manufacturing ... . '' ` ` this is exactly why we need a daycare center , '' said chester .
all three were the fruits of financial experts -- the highest paid financial experts in the history of the known universe .
immediately she went back to waitressing , the job she found most congenial , but her years of steady work , and therefore his grandmothers challenge , bore other strange and wonderful fruit .
i hope to live long enough to see some of the plans bear fruit and , to this end , i have already approved some work , which i shall be able to watch from my favourite vantage point , the window where i painted for so many years .
all this knowledge sown in his strong soul bore rich fruits .
since tisha was never home on friday nightspopularity demands precluded thatgene would feel the need to defend the undefended ; however it rarely took more than an hour on saturday with both father and daughter awake under the same roof before gene would either be yelling at tisha , or , if he had managed to hold his tongue , seeking out maryellen to share the fruit of his wrath .
and to put a cherry on that particular sunday , her difficult pregnancy with ashley had left her unable to bear further fruit which meant her precious daughter , like herself , would never get to experience the joys of having a sister .
as a younger man he had put in some time in the military and then the shipyards down the south coast , and had some fruits of those labors arriving in the form of social security and pension benefits , all of which went directly into his bank account , ` ` regular as sunrise '' as he liked to say .
but , and this doubt tore him apart , were these recollections true or just the fruit of a fertile imagination ?
concentration fortified with virtue brings even greater benefits and greater fruits .
wisdom fortified with concentration brings even greater benefits and greater fruits .
their agreed upon plan of action was to each read through the books they had brought , to form an overall viewif indeed there was one to be formed ; and to then compare notes and delve further into what seemed to them the clearest path , the one most likely to bear fruit : ascension .
these tendencies will bear fruits , both in this life and in lives to come .
and : experiences of pleasure and pain are the fruits of merit and demerit respectively .
isherwood picked up the thread : karma , patanjali points out , is not imaginary : it will bear fruit , you will reap precisely that which you sow .
there are three types of karma : the karma already created and stored to bear fruit tomorrow , or in some future life ; past karma , currently bearing fruit , affecting you today ; and the karma currently weaved by thoughts and actions in the now to bear future fruit .
there are three types of karma : the karma already created and stored to bear fruit tomorrow , or in some future life ; past karma , currently bearing fruit , affecting you today ; and the karma currently weaved by thoughts and actions in the now to bear future fruit .
were we to cease to desire the fruits of our actions , and instead dedicated our efforts to god or life itself , we will gradually unwind the wheel of karma and so avoid its eventual pain .
lara had the sense of something stepping out from behind something , something very large : without fully showing itself , it said , were we to cease to desire the fruits of our actions , we would cease to create time .
and yet , seeing the actual village of bahlia now much closer up and before her very eyes , it became clear that the snow globe had been no fruit of the semi - infertile imagination , for , in fact , this raggedy old settlement upon which she gaped had conceivably been the original that spawned the imitation .
a duty that effervesced inside of him impatiently , dry at the mouth , shaking feverishly , and holding its breath in anticipation fornot his action , but in factthe fruits of his actions , however distant these may have been .
the first fruits of the relationship , i see .
the note sang forever- i can still hear it today as the song of the land , the fruits of my love , a sweet soul - bred whistle calling for the man with the red flashing eyes .
leon : i do n't plan to live long enough to see the fruits of my work , but i do plan to catalyze the movement .
in any case , the lesson bore fruit , and the first documented human birth in the sea took place in 2004 , near the entrance to scammon 's lagoon on the pacific side of the baja peninsula .
a man had to work until he dropped and give the best fruits of his labor to a damned jew too cheap to keep his television in repair or use a telephone for anything but businessthe same jew who , back home , would not have dared to address him without rst dofng his hat and calling him sir .
how they can rely upon taking the fruit of your labors right out of your hand .
so does ecealdor repay devotion obedience returns its fruit at last .
this exile bears no fruit , he finally said .
graham ; a wellingtonian ; had been forced to escape the bigger city the hidden face of his marriage a private humiliation and in doing so , had perhaps left behind the fruits of the major centre the chance of an academic position , a place in the surgical college hierarchy , and the revenue of a metropolitan private practice .
but before that , i would like to ask you , what fruits of my magnanimity you would like to have for yourself ?
it is appalling for him to imagine that his waste products should be of greater value than the fruits of his active effortsefforts which are certainly derived of the energy created through his consumption of food .
certainly he is a consumer in the ecosystem , and certainly the consumption of other species provides his body with energy , but the end purpose of this consumption need not be equated to the fruits of his labors .
let me share with you the fruits of my research thus far .
these sings are one of the many fruits of our labor .
the prophecy of eleysius was beginning to bear fruit .
but most people would like to enjoy the fruits of their labors while they are living , so our approach is much more appetizing to most people .
appeals directly to michael at first seemed to bear fruit .
look into their eyes and see if they value the fruits of your labor .
i was not sure that i could effect a collection of the fruits of my endeavours .
his decision to leave the employ of donald price and gladstone - klein had finally borne fruit .
he had decided on a generalised approach , and the first attempt had not yet borne fruit .
the lodge was a ruin of black granite and bared ribs of rafters , but facing it was a new building , half constructed , the first fruit of lady charlotte 's south african gold .
as he explained more about alan he also found himself opening up to russell and hazel and relating his long concealed feelings ; the fruits of his nights self - analysis .
sims was a contented man , not at all bothered that his hands smelled of shrimp from peeling and de - veining them , small cross to bear given the fruit of his labor and the present good company of his wife .
i decided to come back after dark , when surveillance would likely bear more fruit .
susan continued going through the fruits of the spirit bible verse .
the early years are spent honing our skills , hoping a publisher will see our potential , and praying that reviewers and readers will simply enjoy the fruits of our labors .
barbara greys seemingly casual comment to detective constable perkins had borne fruit .
in the last analysis , the designations -- chemist , biologist , biochemist -- are irrelevant in assigning credit for the fruits of our labours .
saul 's stolen car method had borne fruit .
so he was probably surprised i was standing there in tack 's arm with two teenagers in my living room that could not be mistaken as the fruit of anyone else 's loins but tack 's .
i have , like , regularly , and i ' m also his daughter , the fruit of his loins , so i think i should get to share with him who i ' m dating , do n't you ? ''
and last , not the best of this news but not shabby either , the conversation he 'd had with their landlord a while back had borne fruit .
why then was nt he enjoying the fruits of his marriage ?
you can see the fruits of your labor and save my friend here from the humiliation of my cousin manuel trying once again to get her to go out with him .
ladies and gentlemen , i give you the precious fruits of your long and loyal labors .
where are your fruits of labour ?
i believe you witnessed the fruits of our endeavours ?
little did they know they were the fruits of penance !
if you kill him , you will not get to enjoy the fruits of all our hard work .
www.eskapepress.com from the chronicles of lupa from the chronicles of lupa published by p. julian curry at smashwords copyright 2015 p. julian curry for ct contents lamentation book i ( 1 lupa ) ruby tuesday and we shall be changed fat max so much to be consoled sandra lee jesse james better than birthdays book ii ( 2 lupa ) jesse james , law man the hunt goes on the watchmen of the city the love of ruby tuesday yet even if these forget a healing thing from the banished parts book iii ( 3 lupa ) the dark side of the sun the jackals of the last day neither the hour what you loose upon the earth the twelve here is thy victory to break the cursed ground the shortest verse a branch that shall bear fruit abomination 1:1 - 5 i was formed aeons ago , at the very beginning , when the world came to be .
at such a young age his conscience rose and overwhelmed him , witnessing the dire nature of his actions , and their ugly fruit .
he deserves to reap the fruits of his labors . ''
might as well benefit from the fruits of her labor .
time to go out and enjoy the fruits of your labor .
later that evening , gabriel found himself brimming with emotion , the fruit of much contemplation and the pleasure he always found in julianne 's company .
that left plenty of time for him to enjoy the fruits of his future father - in - law 's rank .
and now she was faced with the knowledge that the one major indiscretion of her life was about to bear fruit .
when she 'd first suspected she might be pregnant , hannah had tried to ignore the pregnancy , push it from her mind , unable to cope with the fruit of her night spent with riley .
now , it 's time to reap the fruits of his labors , to enjoy his family , to travel , to- '' ` ` you do n't need to convince me , '' norah said quietly as they reached the third floor and stepped out of the elevator .
i held in my hands the fruit of mr . blogweather 's artistry : a globe of glass , the size of my head , blown to perfect symmetry and lacking even the hint of a bubble .
his efforts were showing fruit ; she was having regular contractions now , though still fairly far apart .
the chess games had borne fruit in more than one regard , though , and monsieur duverney the younger , a prominent banker , had willingly guaranteed a sizable loan for his father 's friend .
freedom is hardwon , but it is not the fruit of murder .
freedom is hard - won , but is not the fruit of murder .
i reject this name , and all that goes with it , because it is the bitter fruit of centuries of murder and injustice , a symbol of theft , slavery , and oppression- '' jamie looked up over the edge of the book , remarking , ` ` ye see why i dinna want to read every word ; the man 's gey tedious about it . ''
she loved the idea that her six years of unrequited love for him might bear fruit .
we comprehend that you are unequaled in the business when it comes to unearthing white - collar crime and harvesting the illicit fruits of that felonious labor . ''